 THIS SHEET IS A CRIB SHEET FOR A BABIES BED . IT IS VERY COARSE , HARSH AND NOT POLKA DOTTED .
 The suction on this dish does not really work . The only thing I could get it to suction to was glass . we never really wanted it for the warming part , just for the suction . All in in all , we were not very satisfied with this purchase .
 The dish is not easy to take apart for cleaning and I wish I could put in it the microwave .
 We tried this dish a couple of times . It did n't warm the foods that much more than just putting warm food on a plate & feeding it to your hungry baby . Just another -LRB- unnecessary -RRB- step in the feeding progress . Do n't waste your time .
 I bought this bowl from Babies ` r ' Us , but I know that many others must have had some of the same issues with this product . So ... I am letting you know that this feeding bowl will give you a bit of a hard time . I was confident that even though I did not see a tab on the top or bottom lid of this bowl , I thought , `` Oh ... well , it must be easy to separate the top bowl from the bottom dish , or else , why would they make it like that ? '' Well I found out -LRB- the hard way -RRB- that there was no easy way around to getting the dish separated from the bowl . Also , I know not to leave tap water sitting in any type of container so I 've never kept the water sitting in the warming dish after feedings . But , my mom did n't separate the dish after she poured the water out -LRB- because she has carpal tunnel -RRB- and instead she just left the pop-open hole up -LRB- to let it air dry on the inside -RRB- . I separated it the next day and it never dried . It could have molded , if I had never opened it , since I also use other feeding dishes for more convenience on other days . Anyway , the suction worked on nothing but the kitchen counter -LRB- marble top -RRB- , but I 'm pretty sure that was n't everyone 's problem -LRB- and the attachable suction ring is easily detached when it DOES suction -- not good -RRB- . They need to improve on this product ; make any sense of how it was constructed . Basically , just do not purchase this product , it is very annoying to fight getting this dish to separate ! Oh , and the dish itself is NON-MICROWAVEABLE !
 This product is a good idea however :1 . The fill hole , is not large enough to fill the bottom of the dishwith hot tap water without getting water into the serving tray .2 . Ca n't be put in the Micro .3 . Extremely hard to open bottom compartment to clean .4 . Extremely hard to open and close -LRB- I and my daughter have to use abutter knife to pry open -RRB- .5 . Not good for a grandmother 's hands that has joint problems .6 . Does n't keep food warm for very long.Perhaps going back to the drawing board would help this product !
 Maybe in time I will figure this plate out , but I can not get the suction to work and there were no directions with it as to how to take it apart , use the suction , clean it out . It may seem simple , but a harried mother needs these details ! I am disappointed as it is utterly useless to me , at least as far as being a stay-put dish , which is why I purchased it .
 Nearly impossible to disassemble for cleaning.Hole for water is tiny.Bottom gets very hot to handle , food takes awhile to warm up , then remains warm for only about 20 minutes.MOST importantly , IS THIS DISH BPA-FREE OR NOT ? I 've seen it listed on BPA-free lists on the web , BUT , there is nothing on the package or product description that deems it so .
 Ditto to other complaints - wo n't separate easily - either by unscrewing or prizing . Cheap , flimsy , leaks water also because no gasket . I 'm looking for something else and hoping reviewers will give honest good advice ... this almost identical to product by Munchkin
 I bought this tent on 6/6/2005 for my 10 month old boy and used it once at the pool the rest of the time it sat in my dining room . I went to bed one night and it was up , but the next morning it was halfway down . When I went to see what was wrong I saw that one of the rods had snapped off in the metal holder and can not be fixed . This could actually suffocate a baby if noone was in the room or the baby could hurt themselves if they found the broken rod . I was very disappointed because the size is great . I also agree with the other reviews it is hard to put together because the rods are so tight you have to have alot of strenth to get it set up . Please do n't buy this we are going to return but it 's such a hassle to spend 39.99 plus tax on something and it breaks in less then a month .
 I can not wait to return this item to Babies R Us . I tried to assemble it at home and the only thing I succeeded in was amusing my daughter . It 's not easy to put together at all !
 I would not recommend this product.Tents are lots of fun for all kids , HOWEVER this tent is NOT just a pop-up tent . It take some time to set up and the poles are not durable or safe.My kids have used it for two days , and the wooden poles that hold up the tent split down the middle.I had to tape them back together and I , myself have gotten a deep splinter.For the amount of money I spent on this item I would have expected better quality.I would not recommend this product as a play item .
 I ordered this border for my new twins nursery ! It is truly a cute colorful boarder . I was so excited to find it a a great price ! Now i know why!I had one whole roll on the wall and neither of the other 2 rolls would match up to the one i already had on the wall ! The borders were different widths ! Which throws off all the lines on the border!I even checked the lot numbers on the packaging and they all matched ? I had to get very creative to make it work since I already had a whole roll on the wall ! very frustrating !
 I purchased this slot machine thinking it was larger than it was and also hoping it would at least perform a little better than it did . It does n't even require a coin to release the jackpot . Overall , this machine is not worth purchasing .
 Broke the very first time I pulled the handle . Very dissappointed , was going to give as a Christmas present . Made very cheaply , only good point was that it arrived on time .
 This was a big waste of money . It hardly warms the milk at all .
 Ever been in a car on a long distance trip with a cold bottle and a hungry baby ? Let me tell you how obnoxious it is to have a bottle warmer that , even after 20 minutes , still has not heated that cold bottle . Do n't buy this product .
 I have regular avent bottles , and I seriously need to warm the bottle up for 30 mins just to take thechill off , the . Warmer gets hot , it just does n't warm the bottle up ... I would not use this warmer for avent bottles imo
 where to begin , this product takes atleast 10 to 15 minutes to warm up a 4ounce bottle , and anyone with a small infant that is hungry knows this is entirely to long , would not recomment this to new parents at all , I now take a reusable bottle and fill with hot water and use that to warm up bottles
 We got this for on the go use and it does n't even warm up to the touch . It 's a heating pad you wrap around the bottle and how is it supposed to heat a bottle if your hands are warmer than the wrap ? It took over 45 minutes to take a cold bottle to even room temp -LRB- we used Playtex Ventaires -RRB- and by then you might as well have just left it sit at room temp . Useless product . We now take a thermos of heated water and a jar and heat our bottles in the the jar . Cheaper , faster and even more portable . I wish I 'd still had the receipt for this thing , I could n't figure out any use for it so we tossed it . What a waste of money and landfill space : -LRB-
 this bottle warmer is just a joke . It takes forever to warm a cold bottle up . I say '' forever '' , it is forever . When I checked the power , it is only 13W . If you do the math , you know the energy the warmer produces may take forever to reach the heat to warm a bottle up .
 I purchased this item as I was going on a 3 hour trip home to see my parents . I plugged this in and waited almost 20min with a screaming baby and the formula was almost as cold as it was when I started . Huge waste of money !!! 1
 hi i bought this warmer for a vacation trip , i was really dissapointed , it wasnt even 3 minutes that i had it on for the first time and it started to get ON FIRE !!!! melted plastic all over the place smoke like crazy all around the car it is VERY UNSAFE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY DONT PUT YOUR BABY IN DANGER IF YOU HAVE THIS PLUGGED IN YOUR CAR , CUS THE WARMER MIGHT GET ON FIRE , MINE DID !!!! i hope this review helps you , i wont EVER buy this product EVER again .
 The Munchkin bottle warmer is quite easy to use , and does a terrific job warming bottles . In fact , it really can get too hot . If used strictly according to directions , this bottle warmer does the trick , albeit a bit slowly . I learned the hard way that it can also melt bottles . If you start from a cold bottle , it takes some time to warm it up to an appropriate temperature , more time than my hungry son will tolerate . Instead , I used it as a way of keeping an already warm bottle heated in the car until my son is ready for it . Unfortunately , this resulted in a carful of acrid smoke , a lump of melted plastic , and a black hole in his bottle as I was driving one day . If used appropriately , ie by checking the bottle frequently and turning the warmer off when warm enough , the warmer works well . However , resist the temptation to use it as I did , as a longer-term warmer .
 This bottle warmer seemed like a great idea -- it was great to take the chill of a cold bottle . But the fact that it can start smoking and melt the bottle , like it did for me today , makes it not worth the convenience and dangerous . I 'd seriously pass on this one !
 I was very disappointed to get this product and find out that it can not be used with Playtex Nurser bottles .
 Purchased this item and it caught on fire during its first use . I had it plugged in for about 3 minutes when my sons bottle and product caught on fire . I do not recommend this item . When I called the company they requested that I spend my own money to return the item and if they found that it was a mechanical failure they would replace the item only after I paid shipping . When I asked about my bottle they said their was nothing they could do about my loss . -LRB- Fire had caused the bottle lid to fuse to the bottom -RRB- This product is not worth a penny .
 It seems like all of the reviews on here had problems with this warmer from one extreme to the other ! My problem was that the warmer did n't warm the bottles at all . At one point , I left it plugged in for more than 30 minutes and it did almost nothing , which of course is unacceptable when you 've got a hungry infant ! Would n't bother with this one again and I recommend that anyone thinking of buying it does n't waste their money !
 I purchased this in hopes of -LRB- like everyone else -RRB- having something that would warm a cold bottle in the car fairly quickly . This is NOT the product for the job ! It takes forever , and actually makes the bottle too hot to handle without warming the milk much at all . The outside of the warmer gets way hot , too . Definitely a danger to you and children to touch . Luckily I have not had the problem some others have had with it melting my bottle , but I am not going to use it again to risk that !! In fact , I think the company needs to be notified so they will recall this product before someone gets hurt !!
 I noticed some reviews saying this bottle warmer got so hot , it started fires . Well in our case it did n't . We got this because we had a newborn the week of Thanksgiving , and it gets really cold here between Oct-March , and being on the go frequently for the holidays , thought it would be a nice convenience to heat bottles in the car . After 45 minutes , the bottle was n't even room temperature . I could have gotten it hotter placing it in my hands , or between my thighs . I thought maybe it was n't placed correctly and did n't depress the activation button , gave it a few more tries but it never worked well.With the unpredictability of this product , between fire-starting the other reviews have stated and not even doing a darn thing in my case , I would n't get it . Very disappointed because now with 3 kids all under the age of 3 , I have grown to like the Munchkin brand , but they really dropped the ball on this one .
 I bought this for our first long trip with the baby . It was a waste of money and time . My baby was on pumped milk , so we could n't just grab some hot water from a drive thru . It would have taken hours for her milk to get warm enough , and she is not that patient -LRB- neither are most babies , for that matter -RRB- .
 I found this exact same product for $ 7.99 today at Walgreens . This is a sale price , however , even regular price is less than this . I feel some/many of the mega diaper packs on amazon are a good deal , but not this one .
 The title says it all . I never had a trouble with # 1 leaking , but almost everytime my breastfed son has a BM -LRB- which are usually somewhat loose -RRB- , it leaks out the back or leg area . Perhaps it happens because the waistband is n't stretchy . I 'm not going to buy these diapers again .
 Pay the extra money for swaddlers ! Having an elastic waist band is a must , which the Baby Dry diapers do n't have .
 My babies got rashes near the diaper area . We used to buy it from Costco and my babies never had a problem but ever since we started getting it from Amazon ... they have been getting rashes everyday .
 I thought pampers were the best until I bought these . They are definitely economy . My son wet through them every time he slept . Size 2 should work fine for a 3 month old but these did not . I am back with huggies !
 It 's okay if I have n't use pampers dry max before . Compare to dry max , dry diaper ca n't absorb much and it makes the diaper heavy . So need to change the diapers frequently if using dry diapers . My 4 month old daughter is having her first diaper rash after she starts using dry diapers -LRB- Previously she used dry max -RRB- . So I wo n't buy dry diapers anymore .
 So I bought these diapers because I have used the Swaddlers before with success . My daughter is 9 weeks old , 10 pounds and uses size 1 . For anyone that has not used Swaddlers , the difference between the two is clearly the quality as the diaper is much thinner , almost paper thin . Upon the first use of this diaper , I noticed that after a 2 hour nap , my daughter 's onesie was was wet . I gave the diaper another chance , and had exactly the same issue . I would not recommend this diaper as I believe the whole purpose of a diaper is to keep the baby dry .
 Felt cheap to the touch , very thin . AND THEY ARE SCENTED . I looked at the item posting AND the box and nowhere does it say scented . These arrived and they had a floral smell . I was not happy
 Left my baby with a diaper rash after 2 days of use . I did n't suspect it was from the diapers at first until a couple weeks later I went to finish using up the package and her rash appeared again . I 'll never use pampers again .
 I 'm a Pampers fan ! From Swaddlers to Cruisers to Baby Dry . But when my daughter moved up to size 5 , the pamper leaks at night . She is a soaking mess in the morning . And the soaking is the particles in the diaper . The diaper literally falls apart . I bought one case and it 's is almost finished thankfully . Back to Cruisers we go !
 We started out with Swaddlers , then moved to Baby Dry at size 2 . At size 3 , we switched to Huggies . No Pampers diapers have elastic on the back waist , which just asks for a poo explosion up the back . We had SEVERAL , and I finally realized my friend 's diapers had elastic in the back so she did n't have this problem ! She had a generic store brand even ! I will never put a Pamper on my kid again because I do n't want his clothes stained .
 My son is 4 months old and we 've been using Pampers swaddlers pretty much since birth . We bought the Baby Dry size two when they were on sale and it 's been a horror show ever since . 120 diapers and there has hardly been a day since when we have n't had to clean up an explosive diaper . My son is breast fed and he 's not on solid food so a diaper labeled `` baby dry '' SHOULD have done the trick but instead it is un-absorbant and thus very leaky . Even if the diaper has n't shot the poo up my baby 's backside while he was playing then when I place him on the changing table , it is sure to do just that , creating a mess . My husband wants to throw the diapers out , I want to give them away but it almost seems cruel to give them to someone .
 I typically use the pampers swaddlers and thought this would be a good cheaper alternative . These diapers tended to give off gel balls more and worst of all did not have a wetness indicator . Although the swaddlers are more expensive they 're definitely worth the money .
 I put my first son into Pampers , and my second son was wearing Pampers too , until today . Pampers meant quality until recently , but these overnight diapers break at the seams on the sides and leak , spilling the wet crystals . Not as an occasional accident but daily . I put my son into them during the day too , and they leak then too ! 12 hours of protection ???? They do n't even last a few hours ! I blamed my husband at first , suspecting `` bad diapering skills '' but we 've had diapers breaking daily now and it does n't matter day or night or who put the diaper on . I can only guess that Pampers changed the makeup up their diapers to cut down on costs -LRB- or rather to make more profit -RRB- . I 've been a loyal Pampers customer for the past five years , ever since the hospital nurse handed me the first tiny Pampers Swaddlers after my first son was born , and now I 'm switching . Pampers Baby Dry diapers are worthless junk . We 've started using Costco 's brand Kirkland diapers and have n't had a single accident . Shame on Pampers for ruining a good product !
 I had always been a loyal customer for pampers products . My son is now 11 months old and except for the first month , I had always used only pampers diapers and wipes . I have used these products in India and the quality was much better . I came to USA last month and since I had always used pampers , I went for pampers diapers again.To my dismay , the quality is so low but I thought that it would atleast work well . I have noted that it does n't last for more than 5 hours . I put the diaper on at 830PM in the night and must change it at around 2 AM in the morning . One day night I did n't change his diaper at 2 and I woke up at 3AM when my son woke up crying , I was so shocked to see the diaper gel lying all over the bed . The bed and the comforter was all covered with the gel that came out.I feel that pampers should atleast consider the health of babies and make sure that their products are upto the standards .
 I 'm a little peeved I been using Pampers Nany-Dry for 2 Years , unannounced the company that makes Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers has made a major design change to Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers -LRB- they seem more like Huggies -RRB- - much more elastic , narrower straps and much less absorbent material . It 's hard to make it thru the night without a diaper change now !
 3 out of 7 mornings my son wakes up WET ! I have had better luck with off-brand diapers ! Very disappointed ! : -LRB- will NOT buy again !!
 I was a Pampers lover , but not anymore . I used Pampers diaper more than three years for my first one and again for second one . But , it looks like the company makes thin diaper recently . As another mom says , `` if the diaper gets too full , they just burst and the absorbant material goes everywhere . '' I absolutely agree with her . Therefore , I cancelled subscription and changed to another brand .
 These diapers have a design flaw . When my baby has a BM , a small amount seeps through the diaper so I put two of these on so her clothes do not get messy .
 I wish there had been SOMETHING in the product description that said these diapers were SCENTED ! You 'd think you 'd have to claim that . Now , who knows if i 'll be able to return them as i did open the package , only to find they are scented . my kids ca n't wear these !
 I bought these because I had a really good deal . Unfortunately , the deal was too good to be true . My daughter consistently pees out of the front when she wakes up in the morning . During the day , these diapers are fine because she lets us know when she has peed . I would n't put them on at night . They tend to leave little opaque pebbles on her butt . As for the sizing , they tend to run big with tabs made for newborns . I would use these at daycare or in the diaper bag because you can get 5-6 diapers in a small bag . Right now , I would rank generic diapers from HEB -LRB- I live in Texas -RRB- better than Pampers .
 I 've been diapering babies for the last 12 years straight and have always loved pampers . My kids are sensitive to other brands so I have to use the name brands and pampers never lets me down . Until this box . I have purchased this brand/size/box count before -LRB- months ago -RRB- with no problems but for some reason every single diaper in this last box leaks . He is soaking wet every time I put one on him . It does n't matter if he 's awake or asleep he 's soaked through his onesie , shirt , and pants as soon as he goes . It 's almost as if there 's nothing absorbant in there . The urine leaks through the entire outside cover . I thought maybe it was the baby at first so I kept using them but after switching back to cruisers and another name brand in the same size no leaks at all . Now I have a huge box of expensive diapers I ca n't use . Not happy !
 Pampers Baby Dry is a huge misnomer ... they are terrible for urine intake ! If your baby sleeps on their tummy through the night ... YOU WILL WAKE UP WITH A WET BABY AND WET SHEETS/EVERYTHING ! Use Pampers Swaddlers ... at least until after size 3 as that is the largest size Swaddlers they make for some reason . You can thank me later . BABY DRY = WET BABY ~ ~ !!!
 I was tired of the tabs on luvs and decided to go back to pampers , but when I tried both the cruisers and baby dry diapers this time around , they both gave my little guy diaper rash -LRB- they did n't do that a year and a half ago -RRB- . The baby dry did n't do it as bad as the cruisers . I love pampers products - both the baby dry diapers and the cruisers as well -LRB- great fit , quality product -RRB- , but they are useless if they give your little one diaper rash . Otherwise , amazon does a great job delivering their product .
 OK , this is the first review I have ever written for Amazon and I order most of my baby 's things through the site . I just got back back from walking around the grocery store with baby poop smeared on my shirt because of these silly diapers . We 've been using Swaddlers since birth but for some reason , between size 3 and 4 , we switched to Baby Dry ... He 's never had many issues peeing through diapers during the night or # 2 blow-outs but we 've had something happen everyday with these diapers . Today 's blow-out on the way home from work was the final straw . They do not fit as snugly around his thighs , and I think that may be causing the leaking issues . During the night , the pee soaks through the top on the front . He 's a pretty thick baby so I 'm blaming the diapers!I am switching back to Swaddlers Sensitive today .
 I 'm a new mom and was first I introduced to pampers swaddlers at the hospital ... nice fit , wetness indicator stripe , no leaks , good absorption . Well I ordered a case of babydry by mistake thinking they were all the same . I was wrong . The baby dry are ill fitting , poorly constructed diapers that do n't even need a wetness indicator because you 'll see it all around your baby 's sheets !!! You have to always make sure to fasten them up high and tight if not they 'll leak . Also if your baby has runny stools good luck . Sometimes they 'll catch it other times they wo n't . I also do n't like how they have a plastic bag feel to them . Maybe it 's just me , but my rating stays a one star .
 I bought these not knowing that they are Pampers `` bargain '' brand . Well , they are certainly no bargain , they are a waste of money . They make the claim that they offer 12 hours of protection but I can hardly squeeze a few hours of protection until they leak or blow out the back . I will definitely NEVER buy these again . The swaddlers are much better diapers
 Leaks at my kid 's belly -LRB- especially during his sleep or nap -RRB- , which is totally unacceptable.Pampers Swaddlers , Huggies , and even Costco 's Kirkland Signature do n't have this issue . This diaper is good for daytime only . We bought Huggies for night time or naps.Very disappointing .
 I had been a fan of Pamers brand since my baby was a just a day older . I loved pamper 's Cruiser but Baby Dry no longer keeps the baby dry . It gets saturated very quickly and sometimes leaks . With Pamper 's Baby Dry diapers , you will have to change diapers very frequently -LRB- on an average every 3 to 4 hours -RRB- as it will hold just one pee then start to sag . It is cheaper for more diapers and I thought it was a good deal but you get what you paid for . I do n't understand why so good quality name Pamper brand started producing so poor quality product . I am no longer ordering this product .
 I ordered these new born pamer diapers in advance so I would be prepared for when my baby came . To my surprise these diapers were a bit larger then the new born pamper ones the hospital sent me home with and they did n't have the stripe indicator that turns blue for when they have a wet diaper which is important when dealing with a new born . I havent used the diapers yet i ordered from Amazon because they r a bit too big for my new born , even though they say new born on the box and they do n't have the stripe indicator ... . I would n't recommend getting these new born diapers .
 Until I moved to the us I used only pampers , but I have to say that the us pampers are less good and more expensive then the israeli version.My children wake up in the middle of the night due to wet diaper , with the Israeli version of pampers it never happend
 Like many other reviewers on here , we tried Baby Dry diapers as an alternative to Swaddlers and were sorry that we did . On a baby who is still on breast milk , the diapers resulted in feces going up their back and stomach , which soaked clothing , blankets and whatever else she happen to be touching . Our daughter 's onesie was completely saturated in fecal matter , so we had to cut it off of her as to not get it on her face while trying to pull it over her head . So we lost $ 50 and a onesie , had to wash the bouncer , blanket , and my clothing , but we gained 276 useless diapers . It seems like you 'd be better off using a handkerchief instead of Baby Dry diapers . I could only imagine the damage if she were on solid foods . Now that we 're out diapers that work , we have to run to Babies-R-Us to get Swaddlers until the ones from Amazon arrive .
 Well I 'm not sure what Pampers has done but these baby dry diapers are awful . My son has been in Huggies for a long time and I thought we would give these a try since the price is a pretty good deal through Amazon . I 'm sorry I did . These are VERY thin diapers and the quality is extremely poor . These are definitely not the baby dry diapers I used on my older son a few years ago . These are completely white , no design at all . They used to have cute Sesame Street designs on them . The sides are not very stretchy and the diaper easily gets pushed down by clothing . We have had leaking at night because of this . Also , when the diaper has been on for a while -LRB- like at night -RRB- it 's like the diapers shreds a bit around the leg openings . I assume this is due to rubbing against clothing for extended periods of time . I will NOT be buying these again . I 'm sorry I bought such a big box since most of these will go to waste . Pampers Cruisers however , are great .
 These diapers are the worst . I bought them thinking that I would n't have any nighttime accidents & my son would wake up dry.Boy was I wrong ! Carson wakes up almost every morning with spoiled sheets.I use the Pampers Sensitive during the day , & thought that the Dry Max would make him feel more dry - but he wets his diaper almost every night!They are also not as soft as the Pampers Sensitive - which was a downside to the Dry Max diapers , too.I wish I would have gotten a smaller amount , not a box of 200 + . It was such a waste of my money . For a diaper that makes big promises , I am greatly disappointed .
 Since my baby was born I 've never put any other diaper on him BUT `` pampers '' brand . As a first time mom I wanted only the best for my baby , & since everyone claimed `` Pampers '' was the best , I went with the `` people 's choice '' . Sad to say , they 're a waste !!! My son is now 15 months & I 've had enough of the leaks & spills from the sides & even the top !! If it was n't for my mattress cover my bed would be ruined !!! Needless to say my laundry loads are more frequent from having to wash sheet sets after one day of freshly spreading the bed because of these damn pampers poor protection ! I am sooo annoyed ! I change my baby often ! I even change him while he 's asleep through the night to help avoid heavily soiled diapers -LRB- once at midnight & another around 4 am -RRB- & still by 7 am his bed or mine is soaked ! I am proud to say my baby has never encountered a rash yet so I know I 'm on top of keeping him dry ! There is no reason for this ! They serve its purpose for short periods of time , but by no means are they the best ! The only perk is the count in each box is better than most brands offer . Thankfully my son 's grandmother persuaded me to try Huggies , I was against it because I only wanted `` the best ! '' But I bit the bullet & tried a small pack ... needless to say I switched my `` Moms Save '' selection to Huggies & Pampers is NO longer my # 1 choice ! Good riddance !
 Honestly , the worst diapers I have ever bought . My LO 's woke up wet every night and lets just say several other things escaped the diapers when we were using them . I have used several other brands in the past and never had so much trouble . It was so bad that I even called Pampers to complain . Go with the Cruisers , they are much more absorbent .
 We have been purchasing diapers from Amazon for over a year now . Always loved the prices and the free 2 day shipping we got with Amazon Mom . We love pampers baby dry diapers , and we order a big box of 172 just about once a month for my son . The last box , the diapers started splitting at the sides and the gel was going everywhere . Trying to clean this stuff up was disgusting.Amazon 's great customer service sent us a new box in 2 days and a label to return the first one . We got the new box , and they were defective the same way , splitting at the sides . We have been using the same brand of diapers since my son was born and he is almost 2 now.Amazon gave us a refund and allowed us to return both of them . Amazon customer service was great but I am very disappointed that I can no longer trust buying our pampers baby dry diapers from Amazon . The customer service member said they were submitting a defective report to pull them off the site until the issue is resolved . My wife went to find the best deal on these diapers in town today .
 This was the worst diaper product we ever purchased . Store brands are far better than this popular product . Probably because it was on sale ... Do not buy it if you care about your baby
 We have been using Pampers sensitive ever since my son was born . When he turned one year old , Pampers sensitive does n't work well during night time anymore and I was on a mission to find a good night-time diaper for him . I purchased Pampers Baby Dry -LRB- or should I call it Baby Wet ? -RRB- , all I can say is that it did n't work at all . We have to change diapers every 3 hours both in the day time and night time . Definitely a waste of money and we had to throw out half box of the unused ones.My 12-month-old boy usually sleeps through the whole night . It just hurt me so much when he was waken up by wet diapers and needed to take another 30 minutes to fall asleep again . Pampers Sensitive is the way to go for daytime , and for night time I happily found Huggies Overnite .
 I bought these as a `` night time '' diaper . Most of the time , they work great . However , if the diaper gets too full , they just burst and the absorbant material goes everywhere -LRB- about the consistency of little bits of tapioca -RRB- . It is very difficult to get all of it off of my daughter without giving her a bath , and I worry about what chemicals it might contain . This has probably happened three times in the last two months -LRB- only putting the diapers on at night -RRB- . I am going to stop using them now . As a note , my daughter weighs about 24 pounds , so we are on the low end of the weight range .
 Buying Pampers or Huggies is flushing your money down the toilet . Luvs work just as well at a fraction of the cost .
 they did not let me leave comment on pampers size 5 not the baby dry but cruiser i just bought size five and there is NO MESH LINER ! I contacted pampers and this is their response : I 'm sorry for the confusion . Sometimes we try new features on our diapers which result in different versions being on store shelves at the same time . I understand your frustration since you 're not able to tell which package has the style you prefer , and I 'm sharing your feedback with the rest of our team.hmmm ... how about I want my MONEY BACK ?
 First this review does not have to do with Pampers quality ... . second , I can not believe that Amazon is selling this diapers for this price . Babies r us is much more expensive and they sell this package for 40 bucks . I do like Amazon but some items are extremely expensive . !!!!!! really really bad
 Hubby brought home these diapers because we were running really low and he could n't find the swaddlers that we normally use . I really wanted to give the diapers a chance and used them for a while , even after the first few blow-outs . There was leaking every single time . It just did n't seem to absorb anything at all . We 're back to using pampers Swaddlers again and I make sure we NEVER run low !!
 The diapers design has a big flaw and when we tie him up , those ties ups are of plastic and very think causing rash to infant son 's weights . I hate these diapers ... Thanks .
 The product which I received was different from other store.It was not soft and comfortable for baby as usual.I do n't know why the product was different from the previous ordered one.Worst product that I 've ever received .
 I only used Swaddlers and Crusers since my baby was born . Recently I wanted to try the BabyDry because they were a little cheaper . This was a BIG mistake . The babydry do n't stay dry at all , especially not as long as 12 hours as advertised . It would stay dry for 4 hours maybe . These things leak -LRB- not overflow -RRB- ; that is it I sit my baby on my lap , after a while my pants will be wet . Moreover 90 % of the time the bed will be wet in the morning , unless the baby cries in the middle of the night and I use that occasion to change her.In the end these babydry diapers are MORE EXPENSIVE than the Cruisers due to the fact that I have to change my baby a lot more often . I will NOT buy these babydry diapers again .
 I like Pampers Dry for almost everything , except the fastening tab . I had tried every way
 They caused diaper rash . I changed to Huggies and they were gone . We have used pampers over last 6 years for my kids but i will never use Baby - Dry again .
 Good deal for the price ? NNOOOOO , they are the worst diapers and they rip off -LRB- Literally the velcro Rips off every other time -RRB- and the diapers are so flimsy and can not hold anywhere near the cruisers . this is the first time I ever bought them thinking they should be ok as my son is old enough to go to some economical diapers . big mistake , from last two days we had 3 leaks and two diapers velcro ripped off while trying to put the diaper . Save your self some trouble and stay away from this diaper . still do ot understand how it got such high ratings , may be people may not have tried the cruisers .
 The Huggies Supreme diapers are the only diapers my wife and I will ever use ! They are quality diapers that never leak for our 2 kids under 2 . Plus , they do n't have any disgusting scent at all ! We have tried Pampers and Luvs , and not only do they leak , but they have the most horrendous scent - we had to throw them away!Trust me - Huggies diapers are worth the small amount of money more you will pay!Highly unrecommended 1 star review .
 I purchased a box of Pampers baby dry size 1 -LRB- 252 pcs -RRB- and found brown stained at the front of the diapers . Still have 2 unopened bags with brown stained .
 I purchased this kind of diapers from Amazon hoping this is the lowest price I can get . Obviously , it is cheaper with 30 % off but it is very bad quality . My wife has to change the diapers 2-3 hours because of the draining . I used to get the same one from Target and I was happy with it but for this one ? No . I would n't recommend any mom to purchase this item from Amazon .
 I bought these when they were a killer deal . I have a 4 month old and I have never used this brand before . BAD MISTAKE ! They ended up giving my little girl a burn-like rash on her bottom and I only used 2 of them . It took almost a week for it to go away after I switched back to huggies . It was NOT a diaper rash , it was way worse , it happened almost instantly after I started use . I would not recommend to anyone . After I returned these -LRB- can I just say Amazon has the best customer service EVER !!! -RRB- I read reviews of other moms on different websites and it seems like I am not the only one this has happened too .
 Placed an order on 09/08/04 , today is 10/08/04 . I 've been waiting for 1 month already and it still has not been shipped !!! Are you challenging the customers ' patience ???
 I have been using Pampers cruisers with both of my kids , and never had any problems . But recently decided to try baby-dry diapers , and now very dissapointed that I even decided to try . For the last few nights my little girl woke up crying , because she was wet from head to toes . Baby-dry diapers are fine for daycares where the child is changed every hour , but they are horrible for the night time . I would never buy them again !
 Great Diapers.As of December 2004 -- Shipping is no longer a problem . Ships out within a couple of days , and received with in ten . Free shipping . Got ta love that.Give 5 stars , but unable to edit the stars -- only the review .
 I ve always been a pampers user . . used cruisers size 5 for my son 2 yrs old and 32 lbs and they were great at daytime and used huggies overnight at bedtime ... my husband got a giant box of these by mistake from a store , they were cheaper so I decided to give them a try . . BAD DECISION . . not soft at all and they leak after one hour of wearing them , terrible . . and they are smaller than cruisers so they do n't fit well . . DO NOT BUY
 I have been using Pampers Cruisers for the longest . One night I ran out and I had to run to the store to buy some more . They did not have the Cruisers but instead had these . I purchased them thinking if I had as much success with the Cruisers then these should not be much different from those . W R O N G !! I could n't wait to get rid of these !! EVERY Morning my son would be soaked through the diaper , sheets all wet , and very smelly ! These hardly hold anything through the night ! The name is not fitting what so ever ! I actually ca n't believe that Pampers would even put their name on something like this ! The diaper is thin , cheap , and honestly a headache ! If you want something that is guaranteed to hold through the night , without any of these problems , go with the Pampers Cruisers ! Because these right here are a total waste of money , manufacturing , and time ! Major Fail !!!
 We have LOVED Pampers - have used them exclusively for all 3 of our children until now . I just upped my almost two year old from Baby Dry 4 's to size 5 's , expecting no big change , just help with her volume increase . Something has definitely changed ! I first noticed a new chemical-like smell I never smelled with any previous Pampers Baby Dry . Then my daughter quickly developed a diaper rash . This child has never had a diaper rash a day in her life before this . I was still hesitant to believe it really could be the Pampers -LRB- they 're so great ! no leaks ! so cheap on Amazon ! I 've ALWAYS used them ! -RRB- , but finally bought some Seventh Generation diapers to try , and the diaper rash vanished . MAJOR BUMMER !!! Why ruin such a great product , P&G ? So sad to cancel my Subscribe & Save sub for these ... : - -LRB-
 These diapers do not work at all ! We had been using Pampers Swaddlers and they are great . Unfortunately , I saw that I could buy these for a few dollars cheaper and decided to try them out . They do not work . We have been using them for about a week and EVERY time my son has a poopy diaper , it 's a complete blow out . Even when he is upright , it somehow leaks out the top of the back of the diaper . We had been using the Swaddlers and only had one blow out in 4 months . Maybe these diapers work with older children with firmer stools , but they do not work at all for us at this age . Besides the constant blow outs , these diapers have a plastic , cheap feeling . Pampers should be ashamed to put their name on them . So , instead of saving a few dollars , I 'm now buying new diapers even when I have around 200 of these diapers left .
 I signed up with subscribe and save and receive a case of pampers every 2 months or more frequently . When i signed up i thought i was locking in my rate at the price given then and did notice that it fluctuated by a minimal amount . Now when i received my order once again i was disappointed to notice that the price went up a lot about $ 10 since I started ordering here . By now the price in not so cheap and i may buy elsewhere .
 Pampers Swaddlers were the best diapers when my son was a newborn , but we have found that all Pampers in sizes larger than 2 are awful ! I much prefer both the Target and Walgreens brands . Pampers leak every single time he wears them -LRB- he is 18 months now -RRB- so this leads to SO much more laundry ! I would NOT buy them again .
 The tabs on these diapers are not sticking . I loved the deal we got from Amazon , but for the entire first package in the box -LRB- there are three in one box -RRB- , the sticky tabs have been terrible . We are taping them with clear tape now , but it 's so hard to get the tape , rip it off , hope he does n't wriggle off the changing table , hold the defective diaper in place and hope it sticks long enough to grab the tape and that he stays still long enough to get it taped down ... then hope it 's not too loose or too tight so it does n't sag or leak or give him red , ridgy rings around his belly . I never appreciated a great diaper that works so much as I do now . To make it worse , I ca n't contact Amazon easily to let them know I 'm unhappy , and for the little we paid for this huge box , it does n't seem worth it to just return , pay shipping , wait for the refund ... we 'll just keep using tape , I guess . I 'm so bummed ... we 've never had a problem with Pampers or Huggies before , and I felt very relieved after reading horror stories and reviews a few have written . Now we have our own horror stories after a few incidents of defective diapers being filled with poop in ... areas of our house ... instead of ... on the baby , where it 's so much easier to clean ... I hope it will at least make for some funny stories , someday .
 I prefer the Pampers Swaddler , It was my mistake I got the wrong kind but had already placed my order and didnt realize that they were n't swaddler . Gave my poor baby a rash . These diapers are too thin for my baby . Not pleased at all
 I have used pampers for a lot of years but have always used cruisers . I tried the baby dry version and could n't be more disappointed . Just two diapersin and both were soiled through . Now I do n't know what to do with the other 190 !
 In the past year , I 've come to appreciate and only purchase the Pampers brand for my growing daughter 's needs . After reaching 15 months of age , however , the diaper was n't able to keep hold up to overnight use and I started using a nighttime diaper from a different manufacturer . As grandmothers and others watch the baby , they do n't know which diaper to use at which time , so I 've completely switched from Pampers to another more sturdy brand that does n't leak and does n't cause wet mornings .
 I liked pamper baby dry size 4 . So I tried size 5 and expected it to last long . However , the size 5 one is so much thinner than size 4 .
 I bought pampers baby dry for my new born . An absolute waste of money . Used only a few and i already hate them . Leaks , and becomes a wet cottony ball , and does not fit right will not suggest this to a friend ! And will not use then ever !!! I have the entire box just sitting and collecting dust !
 I have a two year old . We have been ordering this diaper for over a year now from Amazon . This last shipment has been very poor in that the sides rip everytime I try to `` fasten '' them across her legs/hips . I am very disappointed in the pampers product at this point . Over half of the current package opened has ended in this fashion . I am having second thoughts about my next shipment hoping it is not just the diapers Amazon ships for Pampers .
 Not a fan of these diapers . I have a son , and these diapers leaked all the time . I usually use Huggies and they rarely leak ! Thought I would try these because I love the Swaddlers for newborns . Looks like I will be switching back to Huggies .
 They are OK diapers . We have always bought Huggies , and after using these diapers , are firmly believe in Huggies . These get full too quickly and then becomes very very hard to deal with . Our duaghter was n't comfortable in these either , and constantly complained .
 Same story here ! I have been using Pampers Swaddlers for a while before buying this after reading through the reviews . What a huge mistake ! It never keeps my 4 month old baby dry , I have to keep changing it as soon as he pees . I 'll never buy it again !!!
 I used Pampers exclusively for the first year of my son 's life and loved them -LRB- Swaddlers , then Cruisers -RRB- . I stopped using them when they added the Dry-Max , because I heard so many bad things about it . I switched to Up & Up , which I like a lot . I was afraid my baby would have a bad reaction to the Dry-Max . I was under the impression that Baby-Dry did n't have the Dry-max in it . It does n't say dry-max on the box , anyhow . I got a great deal on a huge box , so I decided to try them . I started using them on Monday , and by Wednesday my son 's behind was broke out and inflamed . So now I have 130 + diapers I wo n't use . Of course , not everyone will have the same problem . But I 've tried several brands
 I have been using Pampers Swaddlers for my son -LRB- now 13 months old -RRB- and highly recommend THIS brand of Pampers . My goal was to order the same brand from Amazon but the only brand available on Amazon was Pampers Baby Dry diapers so I decided to give it a try , because after all , it is still made by Pampers , a name I trust . I do NOT recommend Baby Dry diapers . My son would stay dry in the Swaddlers but ironically he was soaking wet in the Baby Dry diapers . The diaper does not hold the wetness which would become saggy once wet and leak up the front , so he would be wet all over , in his diaper , his pjs , and his bedding , overnight in this diaper . He also developed more diaper rashes from wearing this diaper compared to the other one . I love the delivery service Amazon provides , but I will not get Baby Dry again .
 These leak so bad . Any time my 1 yr old goes number two , I have to change his clothes and mine . His PJs are soaked around the diaper if he sleeps through the night . I am terribly disappointed . I love pampers swaddlers for babies and thought I would try these to save some money , well no money was saved because I feel like I use double the diapers to keep my `` baby dry ''
 Even though they do n't leak , I hate the fact that the baby smells poop all the time . The diaper gets wet and then the baby and all his clothes smell terrible . Also I do n't like them because they do not seem as natural on the baby 's skin as the Huggies . Huggies are for sure a better option ! I will never buy them again !
 I am not a fan of the pampers baby dry . I have a 16 month old and when the diaper gets wet it starts to sag in the bottom to the point where it looks funny and I am sure is uncomfortable for her . The fact that she is such a mover I think makes this not a great diaper for her age . The pamper cruisers are great and that is what she is wearing now . Before I could not decide between the baby dry size 5 and the cruisers size 5 because I really did n't know what the difference was and now I do ! The fit !
 I do n't normally write reviews unless I feel strongly about them , positive or negative . I feel so strongly negative about Pampers Baby Dry that I felt compelled to write this review . These diapers leak all the time . And not just when they 're full - they leak even when the diaper is brand new and dry . They leak so astoundingly bad , that it 's as if there is no diaper there at all . It surprises me , because I 've actually had a great experience with Pampers Cruisers . I thought Baby Dry would be just as good as the Cruisers , but that has n't been the case . I 'd imagine that because every baby 's body is built a little different , different diapers will fit better than others , so not everyone will have the same experience with the same diaper . All I can say is that , for my son , Baby Dry is about as bad as they can get . I 'd go with Pampers Cruisers instead .
 We could n't be more disappointed with these diapers . We bought them for our 20-month old daughter to wear at nighttime and not once have they kept her dry . They leak through the front , the legs , the back , you name it . Really poor quality and they 've put us off Pampers for life . Stay away .
 The overall quality of Pampers has gone down so much and babydry is worse of all . after just two hours of putting it on , it breaks and actually all the inside material comes out . I had to vacuum so many times after having such incidents . no more babydry for us .
 These are awful . I have to change these constantly because they do not pull moisture away from baby 's bottom . So annoyed that I bought such a big box .
 I love pampers swaddlers , but these are less expensive for a reason . The Baby Dry line has the blue colored inner liner -LRB- gel ? -RRB- which is not as absorbent as swaddlers . The first diaper we tried leaked after just about 1 hour of use . We sent the box back and bought the swaddlers again . Amazon made the return easy , and even set up the UPS pickup at our door , which was a plus .
 I saw that Pampers had a good deal on subscribe and buy so I decided to try it out . Unfortunately it did not work out for us . We had a lot of leaky diapers . We have tried out Huggies and Kirkland brand diapers and are happy with those . My first preference would be Huggies and then Kirkland
 The material in these Pampers are supposed to make them thinner but more absorbent . It seems to good to be true , and I think it is . The diapers are indeed thinner and more flexible than the older Pampers and other brands . They are less bulky on baby , which is nice aesthetically and probably comfort-wise for baby . But I have not been impressed by these diapers ' absorbency or leak prevention . Since I started using these , my baby has woken up from naps with pee leaks on her tummy -LRB- she sleeps on her stomach -RRB- . This did not used to happen . With these diapers , I have to be sure to change them very frequently or she will have a leak . Not that I advocate leaving wet diapers on babies for long periods of time , but these diapers just do n't seem to cut you any slack on forgetting to watch the clock . I would n't dare use these overnight , I 'm sure my daughter would be swimming in pee in the morning if I did . I use the Huggies Overnights for bedtime and they keep it all in for 11 hours at a time.I 've also found that this thinner design just feels flimsy to me . I 've felt like the diapers feel wet on the outside much much sooner than they should . And I guess this is a good thing - but it is very hard to tell when there is liquid in them because they do n't seem to `` change '' much when they get wet , like some other diapers . I think I actually prefer a little diaper swelling just so I know by touch that is is time to change.I guess I do n't see that these diapers offer any advantage over other brands , unless you really hate how bulky other diapers are . I , for one , just want my diapers to hold in baby waste effectively , and I feel that these do n't do as good of a job of that as others . I 'm going to go back to using Huggies .
 I am so disappointed in these diapers . They are cheap and plasticy feeling . Also , They are not absorbant at all . I thought all Pampers diapers were wonderful until these . I wish I could get my money back because I cenrtainly will not be using the rest of them . I am on the subscribe and save and these are the only ones I can get for size 2 .
 I purchased 204 Pampers Baby Dry Diapers . They are different from ones I have bought in the past . The first week we used them , my 10 month old son peed through his diaper two nights -LRB- which he had never done previously -RRB- in the middle of the night . They are thin and do not stand up to wetness the way other pampers do . Now I have to go out and buy night diapers to get through all these diapers . I will never buy these again .
 When I had my son 8 years ago , I swore by Pampers . They were the only brand I used . I recently tried them for my one year old daughter after using another brand and in just one week I can not believe the amount of leaks we have had !! She is constantly soaking right through them . They sag in the back with only a small amount of liquid in them . My husband is begging me to go back to our old brand , which I am promptly going to do . I do n't know if these diapers work better on boys than on girls or if they have just changed them . I HATE them ! Terrible .
 I have to believe we got a defective lot , but the right hand side adhesive tab tears itself free on about 2 out of 3 diapers that we put on our newborn -- after the diaper is on the baby and her clothes are buttoned up . We have resorted to medical tape to hold the diapers together . This is our 3rd child , so we 're pretty sure we are n't trying to put them on too tight .
 My son has been using Pamper Cruiser and never had problem . So I think Baby-dry may be the same good . So I ordered some online , but am very disappointed with its design . The first time my 21-month-old wore it , it left a red mark in his thighs . One big design problem with it is the strip that adheres to the front side is not elastic , so it makes it impossible to auto-adjust itself , and is not suitable for an active toddler as it may cut into the skin . I have to return the product as I just ca n't use it on my son !
 These diapers are terrible . I 'm not sure the diapers in the box are actually Pampers . They leak -- and not just out the legs or up the back . Right through the part of the diaper that is supposed be the most absorbent . The box says they are good for 12 hour overnight protection -- a joke . Maybe three hours . Every time I 've used these overnight my baby -LRB- 14 lbs -RRB- has woken up soaked .
 Quality of these diapers is NOT same as other Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers -LRB- same size 5 -RRB- that I have bought before . These diapers come with very small fasteners and so they do n't stick well . Diaper comes off easily . This pack is economy in quality too . I can not believe this kind of product is made by Pampers !!! Will NOT buy this 144 pack again .
 I decided to try these after only using Pampers Swaddlers because Baby Dry was a little bit cheaper . I 'm going back to Swaddlers after I use up all the remaining Baby Dry diapers . The reason is because I can smell pee anytime my daughter pees in her diaper . She gets changed often during the day so its not a matter of the diaper being too full . I never had that issue with Swaddlers.Baby Dry diapers seem to hold up pretty well . I never had a leakage problem . In the mornings my daughter 's diaper is very full since she sleeps through the night and so no changing the diaper all night long . Baby Dry diapers sure does hold all the pee and fortunately no diaper blow outs either.If I could n't smell the pee , I would stick with these diapers . My co-worker used Baby Dry diapers and she said she never had a problem with smelling pee . So my recommendation would be to get a small package of these and see if they work for you before buying a bigger box . I bought the 246 count box so I have to stick with them for a while until I run out of these diapers .
 We did n't like these AT ALL . I am a big fan of swaddlers , and these are nothing like the soft , meshy swaddlers . These are crunchy and thin like store-brand diapers . With swaddlers I could easily let my 3 month old go overnight without a diaper change , but these leaked all over the front of me when I picked him up in the morning . Hated them .
 These did n't work for my daughter at all . Too short , Leaked every time she urinated . I love Pampers Swaddlers , but the baby dry are awful and not worth the wasted money .
 I am a dermatology practitioner and my own kids have sensitive or eczema prone skin - usually use sensitive pampers but out of stock-this diaper made my 12 month old break out within a day of using .
 It takes a lot for me to dislike a product , but these are terrible ! After a half hour the diaper would sag and look like it was extremely wet , when in reality there was hardly anything in it . They do n't seem to hold much before leaking , even doubling the diapers for overnight still does n't prevent leakage . Definitely , not something I will ever purchase again no matter how good the price is .
 We have a 5mo old baby boy and his 18pounds not 19 just yet . We just bought the # 3 on 3/5/12 . This size leaks everything!I rate # 3 A BIG ZERO . Do n't get us wrong we loved loved loved # 1 & 2 's maybe because it had the leak lock . # 3 is not made right . The plastic inside directs anything . . pee or poop right out . Our baby leaked both things from the back and around the thighs . OMG we had to change his entire outfit 4 times in one day.I wish we can get our money back but we threw the box in trash =-LRB- Diapers are expensive . Stores should have some sort of policy where parents can get their money back esp if they have not opened the 2nd pack and hardly used the 1st . I will keep you posted what happens and what we find that works for us . Good luck everyone
 I 've used Pampers Cruisers and Pull-ups and both work great ... but these Baby Dry Pampers are awful . They leak probably once a day . I 've never had this experience before with other diapers which hold the wetness much better . I will be shopping for a different kind . This is ridiculous , no way should they leak as much as they do ... very frustrating .
 I only used pampers for my son when he was first born because they fit so well and were extremely absorbable ! But after I lost my job I started buying the big boxes from Costco that are the kirkland brand diapers -LRB- which are basically the Huggies -RRB- . I purchased these because of the price at the time with free shipping and the price of gas it turned out to cost just as much as those did . Well I will not be using these diapers for him anymore ! They do not hold anything in ! He goes to bed with a new/fresh diaper every night and by the time he wakes up 8-10 hours later he is completely soaked through ! Never once did this happen with the Costco brand diapers ... or pull ups ! For 2 weeks now he has been soaking through every night and that is without liquids before bed ! No more Pampers for me !
 I have been using baby dry for a year with the subscribe of Amazon . All the past papers from size 3 to 5 are so good that I found the baby dry diaper is the best on market and Amazon did give great price for it.Lately , I got a box of diapers those are very different from what I used to have . The box size is 172 diapers instead of 156 , for which I guess it is the new packing , but should be the same product . Unfortunately , I was wrong . The diaper is very different . All the diapers give out so strong smells that gave me headache . The smell is like the bad play mat or some foam you could find in the cheap way . I then ordered a replacement , and the same thing happened . I have to return . And I guess I would not buy diapers on Amazon anymore .
 My almost-5-month-old has never had any diaper other than a Pampers diaper on his body ! I swear by Pampers!But , even though they are less expensive , the Baby Dry type are not worth it ! I found them cheap looking and feeling -LRB- they could have been mistaken for a store brand . -RRB- The absorbancy in the seat of the diaper was so bad , my son would wake up from a short nap and the seat of his outfit would be wet -LRB- there was not a fit issue , he was the correct weight for the size I bought , and the leakage was not from the top of the back or sides of the diaper , but literally from the seat . -RRB- From now on , I will definitely stick with the Pampers Swaddlers type .
 this is one of the worst diapers we ever used . We have been using Papmers Sensitive and thought we will try this . Nothing is staying in this diaper.even for a small leak , it becomes very wet and we end up changing the diaper ... and when she takes a poop , it just literally overflows . will never buy this again .
 These diapers seem to have gone down hill fast with regards to quality . Over the past two packages -LRB- in a span of around 20 diapers -RRB- we have had two diapers burst open at night and deposit the inner crystals all over my toddler and his crib . A big mess and who knows the effects of the crystals ? Also , my son has NEVER had a diaper rash and now has a severe case . Pampers Baby Dry diapers has been a good value in the past but will never use again .
 I have bought four boxes of this product in the past year and had been very happy with it till this latest box . We had to throw away a number of the diapers because the elastic is loose and does n't conform to the baby 's thighs at all . The waistband also tears if the baby moves a lot . Very disappointed in the poor quality .
 I purchased these for my 7-month-old . They are supposed to keep your baby `` dry '' for up to 12 hours -LRB- box states -RRB- . I 'd put these on our baby at 9 p.m. By 4 a.m. they 'd be full to the point that they had wet his sleeper -LRB- so we 'd have to change his clothes at 4 a.m. which did not help our sleeping routine . -RRB- I would buy something else and not spend the money on Pampers again . I am now using Parent 's Choice diapers from Walmart and these work better for us .
 I thought Pampers were Pampers . I was so wrong . Pampers Dry Baby diapers are very thin and when soiled are completely saturated with waste . I change my baby about every 20-30 minutes when he 's up and these diapers are awful . Overnight they are not even close to adequate , they stink & leak up his back . Just do n't bother and get Swaddlers instead . 2 stars because I got them for 16 cents each with Amazon Mom . I now have 253 diapers to get rid of because I wanted to save some $ .
 I decided to try the Pampers Dry instead of our usual Pampers Swaddlers in hopes of keeping my son more comfortable overnight , because he sleeps 8-10 hours . Huge mistake ! These diapers made him more uncomfortable . He has huge sores on his bottom from these diapers . The sores developed in a little more that 24 hours of use . It started as redness and then turned into sores . At 6 months old , he has never had an issue with redness or even had diaper rash . I feel so bad for switching . Beware .
 I have been using Pampers Swaddlers size 3 but because of the outrageous price increase I switched to Pampers Dry economy pack ... my child 's linen is now wet in the mornings and blowouts have been horrible . And now I am stuck with 2 boxes of unusable diapers . How could Pampers sell such an inferior product . I am switching to another brand and another source -LRB- such as Costco -RRB- from now on .
 I purchased this package of 222 diapers size 3 and it is already 3rd time -LRB- from out of 10 changing -RRB- that our baby got whole his body covered with those jelly pieces from inside the diaper . Scary , i hope it is not toxic or something .
 I purchased the Pampers Baby Dry by mistake and I hated them . They leak and they are hard . Pampers Swaddlers are excellent they NEVER leak , they are soft and comfortable for my baby boy . Stick with the Swaddlers or you 'll not only be changing the babies diaper more often but you 'll be changing the babies clothes and bedding too .
 I bought these diapers after using the pampers swaddlers and these are the worst diapers ever ! The smell of urine seeps through the diapers . Also , they do not absorb at all ... not worth the savings !
 My daughter lives down the street from us with her husband and we keep Tricia , our grand-daughter , quite often . Joe and I love Amazon - he buys almost every tool he uses here ! So on his last order he ordered these Pampers baby Dry Economy Pack . the price was fantastic but leaks are too frequent from the sides between her legs . We wo n't be getting these again and I 'm not even sure I want to risk finishing the supply we still have ...
 I have been pleased with the regular pampers size 1 , but I 'm very disappointed with the Baby Dry Size 1 . They are significantly smaller than the regular size 1 diapers and do not cover the back of my baby , so it 's been one mess and clothing change after another .
 I read the reviews before I buy this , I do n't know how others are not have the issue I had . Every one says this baby dry diaper is very perfect for their kid . But one couple of them mentioned it is leaking . The same thing happened with our kid . The first time I used this we saw the leak all over his dress and we thought we have n't dressed him perfectly . But that 's not true , every time we used this diaper there is leak almost 4 times out of 5 . We are not at all happy with this product . Before using this we tried Cruisers and that one is perfect . Just that because this baby dry is little cheaper than cruisers we thought of giving it a try . We learned the lesson that cheap ones wil not the great ones always . I would not recommend this to any one .
 This is the worst diaper I have used out of all the different brand of pampers . Just because it is more in quantity does n't mean it is a good quality . I am not ready to more on yet , so I am giving the pampers cruiser a try before I make a final decision to move to another brand of diapers . I am hoping we can still continue to do business , since I have being using this brand for 8 years for all my children .
 I like to try different diapers but my favorite brand is Luvs , -LRB- which work really great despite what most people think -RRB- . Pampers Baby Dry did not work for us at all . Our 13 month old daughter had never had diaper irritation or a diaper rash until we used these diapers for one week . They actually made her raw in one spot , the poor thing . I treated it with Aquaphor Baby Ointment and went back to Luvs and the diaper rash cleared up immediately.These diapers also leak around her inner thighs , and they develop a nasty smell when there is pee or poop in the diaper . I can smell it when I walk into my daughter 's nursery after she has woken up from a nap and peed or pooped in her diaper . It smells really bad compared to other diapers I have used.I have also used the Pampers Extra Protection during the night since she sleeps for 12 hours , however we did n't have any trouble with rashes using those , but she did have leaks 1-2x a week . For a bedtime diaper , I prefer Fisher Price Night Diapers .
 When my baby sleeps 12 hours , her diaper is wet . It also leaked a few times . Also , on the subscribe and save with Amazon , the price almost doubled within the past 2 months . I got the box for less than $ 20 in April and now it it over $ 35 . I will check somewhere else for better deals .
 Pampers are good quality , pretty good protection against blowouts , etc. . But we have two complaints . First of all , there 's a mesh on the inside that sticks to baby 's bottom pretty consistently . Worse , for us , the `` dry '' part is because of chemicals in the diaper , which caused our baby to develop red , rashy skin very quickly . We 've since read that this is a common issue with Pampers , especially `` dry max '' . Overall , I would not recommend these to a friend . Huggies and others have worked far better for us .
 Props : - The diaper actually does a good job on dry out.Cons : - It is too thin to hold watery poop - It does not have a wetness indicator.Definitely not a good choice for new parents . I will probably buy it when the baby older than 6 months because it 's cheaper than others .
 My daughter has been using Pampers diapers since she was born . We tried Huggies size 4 , but they felt cheap and thin . Oh and it leaked everytime . So we went back to Pampers Cruisers . She is at size 5 now and I was wondering why Baby Dry was cheaper , so I decided to try a box . Baby Dry did n't do it 's diaper job . She has wet her car seat , chair so many times already having baby dry diapers on . We decided to go back to Cruisers . They were the best for my daughter . Pampers overnight for night time use were the best for her as well . Ofcourse there were occasional leaks , but it is minimum . Sometimes leaks happen , but at the minimum is okay .
 These diapers feel wet to the touch . I thought it was just me being crazy but then this morning I went to change my son after feeding him and the burp clothe I laid under him -LRB- so that if he has a blowout while im feeding him my work clothes wont get messed -RRB- was wet . I thought he just leaked but when I looked at his PJs they were wet in spots that were no where near the openings . I diaper had in essences split in different spots ! I wo n't be buying these again .
 I usually get Pampers BAby dry from Amazon for my son . And I always have been happy with this product , but not at this time . Surprisingly When I started to use product from this box for night time . It was leaking . At first I could not understand how this happen , because I always used this product before and never had any incident like that . Even though I was changing my son extra time during night and diaper was not really full , he would ended up in the wet bed . I realized it leaks when he sleeps on the side , but it not suppose to happen . I guess I just got defective box . I bought pampers cruisers for overnight use , and used baby dry only for day time . It is sad , but at this time the quality of product was not what I expected .
 I 've used Huggies and Pampers and settled on Pampers . I loved the Swaddlers and the Cruisers were pretty good . I accidentally ordered these instead of the Cruisers and did n't know that until we pulled these out . They are smaller than the same size in Cruisers , thinner and my son leaks overnight even if his diapers was changed at 3 or 4 a.m. if he 's not changed every 1-2 hours ! Ridiculous . Do not waste your money . Do not buy .
 This is good diaper for a day time only . Suppose to be able to keep baby dry for 12 hours , but this is not true . My 1 year old son wears size 4 , goes to sleep at 7 pm and wakes up at 6 am-there was leak every morning ! I started to change him in the middle of the night when he wakes up for food and still leaking . There is something about the fitting , that when baby is moving it does n't hold wetness well.I started to use a bit more expensive Pampers Cruisers and Pampers extra Protection Overnight and they are 100 % dry . They hold a lot for baby 's pee , I never had an accident with these.So I give 2 stars because Pampers Baby Dry are ok diapers but definitely not 12 hours as they claim.I found out that it is better to upgrade the size of diapers when baby reaches the weight that is in the middle of the bracket . Example
 I have been using the Pampers Swaddlers for 8 months but decided to try the `` Baby Dry '' because of the reviews and price . What a mistake !!! Do not get these . Every morning , my son wakes up completely wet ... leaving the sheets & mattress cover wet too . When the diaper gets wet , the moisture does not lock away from the baby ... and the diaper gets weighed down . They are awful ! I just wish I did n't order the 222 count . I am stuck with these for awhile .
 I first tried these when my son was 4 weeks old . Pampers SWADDLERS are MUCH better . I bought a huge package of these and I wish I had n't . First of all they always leak . My son will fill up one of these diapers in no time and he always leaks pee out the sides and up his back . Second , because they do n't hold much liquid , his poops also spill out . They leak poop up his back and around his legs -LRB- and he does not have skinny legs . He was born 9 pounds . -RRB- The diapers are n't that soft either and they have caused my son to get diaper rash . I assume its due to the fact that they 're not very absorbent and that they 're not that soft . I absolutely hate these diapers . I usually like Pampers brand , but I have huggies and Luvs diapers that I like better than these . I plan to just send them to his daycare and let them deal with them and I 'll use diapers I like better at home .
 I used them just for a few days . i bought a big box and put them on craigslist for baby dry lovers . but i will not recommend any one to usethem . Every time i had to change layers of clothing with diaper . bad on laundry budget .
 I have five your old and when he was a baby I swore by these diapers and hated all other brands . With my second child now two I used them for him as well and sometime about a year + ago they must have changed how they made them because he started developing a bad rash . I thought maybe it was a yeast infection or the diapers and took him to the doctor . The doctor said they make diapers pretty good now and did n't think that would be it and decided on a yeast infection . After giving him cream for it , it still did n't go away . I changed to a different brand of diapers in within days the rash was completely GONE !!! But I hated the ghetto diapers and switched back to Pampers . And within a couple days the rash was back . I realized it was in fact the diapers and threw the rest of the box away and switched to HUGGIES ! I 've never been happier . I had my 3rd baby 2 months ago and it 's all about the HUGGIES . Do n't waste your money on these terrible diapers . Not only do the Pampers leave rashes but the diapers when wet let the `` liquid '' :-RRB- leak threw . They are awful ! I ca n't tell you enough . Stick to a different brand , and return any Pampers diapers you got as gifts for baby showers so you do n't have to deal with an unhappy baby !
 The gel caps burst onto my baby 's skin . I will never buy pamapers again .
 I PURCHASED THESE 5 DAYS AGO AND HAD FREE `` 2-DAY SHIPPING '' AND HAVE STILL NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT . WE HAVE TWO BABIES AT HOME THAT ARE BOTH IN DIAPERS SO I WAS HOPING THIS WOULD BE CONVENIENT AND I PURCHASED THESE BECAUSE WE DO N'T LIVE CLOSE TO A CITY SO I WAS TRYING TO SAVE US A TRIP ... WHAT A MISTAKE !!!! VERY DISATISFIED WITH AMAZON !!
 When my son was a newborn , we used these diapers since we had been given some as a gift . We were happy with them , but when it came time to purchase them , he was a size 2 -LRB- at about 10 weeks -RRB- and our budget would n't allow us to buy these diapers , so we got Target 's `` Up & Up '' brand . These worked just fine and never had any issues with them.We got a coupon for 30 % off if we subscribed and that made the price the same as the Target diapers , and since we were pleased with them in NB size , we thought we 'd go ahead and get the bargain priced Pampers with Dry Max.While they definitely have a slimmer profile , it seemed that this made it harder to hold the pee in.First night , his clothes were wet in the morning -LRB- slept through the night , about 7 hours -RRB- due to the swollen diaper pulling away from his body , allowing the pee to escape . When changing him that morning , I noted how strong a smell of urine he had . -LRB- The Target diapers never seemed to emanate such an odor -RRB- I figured it was just a lot of pee that night.Over the next few days , I could n't help but notice that my son always smelled like pee . It seems that , even though the Dry Max may hold a decent amount of urine for such a slim diaper , the drawback is that the gel seems to magnify the urine odor.I do n't want my kid to be the kid who smells like pee :-RRB- so I am going to switch back to Target after these run out , even though the subscription brings the price to almost the same .
 Ok , so I read all about how the new Pampers are causing rashes and blisters , but I am such a die hard Pampers fan that I still asked for them at my baby shower after using them for my twins . My baby has n't had any issues with rashes or blisters so that is not a concern for us . What I did n't read about was how little these diapers actually hold when compared to the old Pampers . Take my comparison for instance . My baby girl is 21/2 months old now and sleeps ~ 10 to 12 hours per night without a diaper change . She weighs 14 lbs . I have a box of the old style Pampers Swaddlers -LRB- without dry max -RRB- in size 1-2 which I can barely get on her now -LRB- I bought a huge box so I am going to use them until I just ca n't get them fastened anymore !! -RRB- and a package of the Pampers Baby Dry size 2 which actually fit her much better for her size . Since the Baby Dry version boasts up to 12 hour protection right on the box I thought I would try it . When she woke up in the morning at about hour 8 ... she was completely soaked . I had to give her a bath because her outfit was soppy wet , her sheet was soppy wet , and her extra pad underneath was completely soaked . Enter the `` too small '' old style Pampers Swaddlers and she was dry without soaking through to her clothes after 12 hours . Granted the diaper was HUGE and heavy , but she was still dry.Since I really did love the Pampers brand , I thought maybe I would just have to use a different diaper at night and use the Baby Dry during the day . So , I tried it . She managed to poop completely out the leg and up the back and out of a brand new diaper within the first thirty minutes . Again ... I thought it was just a fluke and maybe I did n't have the diaper on right or she was positioned just right for it to happen so I tried again . The second one lasted a total of 45 minutes before we needed a new diaper and another new outfit . On outfit change number three , I decided that I would finally try out those Huggies Snugglers that someone gave me at my baby shower and I had been avoiding in my closet . Too bad we have stock in Proctor and Gamble rather than Kimberly-Clark because right now they are a MUCH superior diaper to the new Pampers .
 My daughter bought these diapers for her son , my grandson , thinking that they would be better than other diapers because of the Pampers name brand . We BOTH regret this purchase ! These diapers definitely do not last all night . I give them no more than 3 hours ! Needless to say , we will be sticking to Luvs diapers . Not only are they more affordable , but they are RELIABLE !
 These are the worst diapers that I have ever used . They leak after only 2-3 hours of use . If someone was to give me a case of these I would give them away . I have used no name brands that have stood up better than these . Do not waste your money on these diapers !
 We have yet to receive them ?? We are still waiting on this product to arrive . We typically are very happy .
 By the time when I wanted the size 3 diapers for my baby , Pampers swaddlers were not available and I had to buy these after reading the reviews . The problem with these are they do n't have the wet indicator and the baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on.It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the Swaddlers from now on . Hope this helps someone wondering which to buy Swaddlers or Baby Dry , DEFINITELY go with the SWADDLERS !! This is almost the one of the existing reviews .
 I useally buying dipers from amazon.com . However , the dipers on this box are looks like old . Also , I can see the brown spots on the surface . I really want to return it , but I already opened and used some . Check your diper all the time !!
 Be aware these diapers may cause an irritation on sensitive skin , to my son it was like he was burnt on his tummy , genitals and bottom . Each changing time was hell and cries like I was peeling off his skin . I switched for huggies natural cotton and evrything is fine now .
 I 'm disappointed in these diapers . My daughter frequently wakes up in the morning covered in clumps of gel from inside the diaper . It 's not hurting anything but it 's a pain to clean up .
 I hate these diapers ! Always leaks even at day time ! Poop would always come out , as in every time my son poops ! Whenever we go out i make sure my son has 2-3 sets of xtra clothes coz he is always messed up ! Im sooo disappointed in pampers ! I eould rather use cheap brands or rather switch back to my trusted huggies diapers .
 Well , I do n't see why people ca n't just leave a good product alone ! This WAS a good product but this box of diapers has a bad smell . It 's like Pampers has added a perfume or fragrance and now the diapers smell really bad ! My son had bad diaper rash & I feel the perfume/fragrance delayed the healing of and maybe even inhibited the healing process.Not good ! Will be looking for a new brand of diapers ! Will never buy Pampers baby dry again and am very disappointed !
 I was a new mom and therefore pretty tired . I did n't notice that there was a difference between baby dry and swaddlers and accidentally bought baby dry . They are more plastic and did n't seem to let my baby 's skin breathe nearly as well as the swaddlers . I wo n't buy the baby dry again !
 We Liked the swaddlers . Now that my daughter is older we needed protection and switched to huggies snug and dry .
 I purchased this pampers and I was giving it a try based on the reviews . After using the pampers for 3 weeks , my baby experienced Urinary Tract infection , and I do n't know how it happened . I went to my family doctor and the doctor recommended changing the diaper to other brand.I did more research regarding Pampers Baby Dry and there is also lawsuit against pampers.In short , I would NOT use this brand again . It costs me headache and pain for my baby .
 I was trying to save money by going with these instead of some of the natural diapers -LRB- a few cents more per diaper -RRB- but I quickly regretted it . I 've never had leaks with the natural diapers but these leaked every night . Little gooey balls came out of the diapers and stuck to my daughter 's skin whenever they got wet , which I did n't like either . I was so relieved when the natural diapers I ordered to replace these arrived , and I will never use these again !!
 We 've used Pampers diapers since our 7 month old was born . Once our son turned 6 months old , the diapers no longer came close to providing the absorption needed to keep him dry through the night . Without diaper issues , he is sleeping through the night . However , the diapers begin to leak around 2am and by the morning both he and his crib are saturated . The `` Dry Max '' technology is nothing more than a marketing gimic . It clearly does n't work and provides even less absorption capacity than the previous formulation . Save yourself the headache and buy a different brand .
 After hitting the end of the line with Pampers Swaddlers , which max out in a size 2-3 , we figured `` Baby Dry '' was the logical next step . * Every * time our daughter pooped it came right up the back and on to her outfit , her mother , the sofa -- you name it . She is right in the size range . We will * not * be buying this diaper again .
 The only reason I gave these diapers 2 stars is because they prevent diaper rash if you are n't able to change a wet diaper right away . Otherwise they 're awful . The baby powder smell is overpowering and stinks up the baby as well as the baby 's clothes . They 're also leaky at night because of the lack of padding in the back , so if the baby lays on his or her back while sleeping , protection is unreliable . They do n't work for 12 hours at night like the package says . I 've used Pampers in 2 other countries -- Japan and the Philippines -- and the American ones are cheap looking and stinky like the ones sold in the Philippines but cost more than the Japanese ones . The Japanese ones are unscented , do n't leak at night , and are cheaper than the American ones sold in stores . The only good thing about buying them at Amazon is that you can get a better price on them , but in my opinion they 're not worth buying no matter how cheap .
 Having used Pampers for the last year and been very happy with them I was more than shocked when this last box arrived and the absorbency pad was half as thick as it used to be . Needless to say - my son ca n't even make it through a nap without soaking through his diaper let alone the night time . I am now switching to Huggies in hopes of not having to get up at 3am to changed a sopping wet , screaming child .
 I tried these because I used Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers in the past and liked them -LRB- before switching to 7th Generation diapers temporarily because of concerns over my baby 's skin sensitivity -RRB- . The price enticed me to buy these , and I was really disappointed . They felt cheap and the performance was poor . LOTS of leaking , in my opinion . Her sheets and clothes all smelled like urine continuously . I could n't wait to get rid of them . I bought Cruisers in the same size to replace them , and they were a lot bigger . Just an opinion , but to me I 'd rather pay more for diapers that work better .
 We have always used Pampers Swaddlers and loved them , but they only go up to size 3 . Now that my daughter is 14 months old , we needed to move her to size 4 . I ordered an economy pack of Pampers Baby Dry diapers and she has a terrible rash . I do n't think she has particularly sensitive skin , either . We 've tried Pampers Cruisers before and will definitely be moving back to those . Although , I do n't like this particular product of Pampers , it 's the only brand that does n't leak for us !
 Got two kids have used tons of diapers from various brands big and small - but was never appalled at its quality like my experience with this one . These diapers invariably leak on a regular basis and seem to have very little absorption capacity . Its hard to believe that this comes from Pampers , I have been pretty satisfied with them in the past . I hope this is a one-off , but it does make me a little apprehensive picking up Pampers again .
 I have a 2 Year old boy and ever since he was born I use Pampers because they where the best product that work . I started with Pamper swaddlers , baby dry , cruisers and night time pampers . For the 36 months of using this product I had a couple of licks as usual but recently Pampers Baby Dry are not the same . THE DIAPER QUALITY HAS CHANGED ; they are thinner and feel just like any generic brand diaper and they do n't hold up to 12 hours as they claim . After using many diaper brands I chose Pampers because I had less licks but now it does n't matter . I 'm very disappointed because I spend a lot of money on diapers that are not up to the price . My Son 's Baby Dry Diapers is just as good as generic diapers now . After 36 months o buying the same diaper I noticed the difference on the quality change ; thank you Pampers Inc for making a despicable quality Diaper for a higher price .
 I purchased Pampers Baby Dry size 4 thinking it was a good price for the Brand Name . However , only a couple hours after placing the diaper on my baby , it began to leak through the front panel . The diaper was hardly full , but my baby 's clothes were damp . These diapers definitely do n't make it through the night either . All the diapers in this box have been this way . Maybe my Pampers box was a just a lemon . Good luck .
 I bought a pack of the Baby Dry diapers for what I thought would be for night-time use and use our Cruiser subscription for day use . We have a 20-mos boy and we do not like the Baby Dry at all ; my son has woken up a few times with urine soaked shirts and shorts so aside from being unhygenic , these diapers just lack the quality or thickness that the Cruisers are so we 'll be cancelling our subscription for them . LOVE CRUISERS for day and overnight use though .
 I have 4 boys and have always alternated -LRB- for price -RRB- between Pampers and Huggies . Both diapers have gone downhill in the last 6 months . They have less absorbency , the top of the diaper in the front constantly explodes and overnight is out of the option . The strip is not as wide to catch urine , it 's been cut down . Constantly waking up with both my twins soaking wet , the diaper has exploded and the more generic absorbing material sticks to everything . We 've had to change out the sheets , clothes and anything else everyday . Several times , the diapers have ripped apart so bad , they needed immediate baths from all the gel coming out . I 've grown more concerned , that since it 's coming out so bad , it 's coming out of the buttons of their clothes and them eating it . Is this a ploy to get people into buying the almost 3 times more expensive overnights ? I do n't know , but they certainly are n't what they have been for the last 8 years .
 these daipers are no good to use . . always leaks and gives diaper rash . . not worth the money . . Pampers swaddlers are much better than these daipers .
 We usually use the huggies pure and natural , huggies snug and dry , and pampers swaddlers -LRB- both older type and the newer dry max -RRB- . We used another baby 's diapers which were these pampers baby dry , and my son got huge rash splotches in several areas . I had heard about parents complaining about rashes and thought it was only a concern for babies with sensitive skin , but in 10 months this was the first time my son got a rash from the diaper . Glad we do n't have a box of these around to throw out ! I ca n't comment on how effective the diapers are on wetness and containment since we do n't use them regularly .
 We decided to try these diapers this go around . I made a big mistake by buying a huge pack ! Every morning our Son wakes up soak and wet from him peeing through the diaper . As a matter of fact it is 11:30 pm and he just woke up crying which he never does . We went back to check on him and his Jammies were soaked along with his bed . We will never purchase these diapers again ! We have always used the Pampers Swaddlers and we will be spending the extra money and staying with those .
 I purchased the Pampers Baby-Dry because it advertised that it would keep baby dry for up to 12 hours - it did n't keep her dry for even a 3 hour nap . For an entire week , every single time she would wake up wet - her clothes were wet , her bed was wet , we had to change the sheets twice a day and her clothes even more . It was a disaster . We went back to using Huggies , even though they were more expensive . The time and energy we took laundering and changing everything made the price for Huggies worth it and we have n't had a problem since we switched back to Huggies .
 And the winner is ... . Huggies.Pampers overnights makes a promise it can not keep - '12 hours of overnight protection ' . Not long after I began using pampers overnight I noticed my son was waking up wet . The kicker - when he wetted himself and his dad after a mere 5.5 hours with no diaper change on a long road trip . -LRB- Oops -RRB- . I even tried plastic underwear - but even that could not help . . I finally figured out if my LO had more than one bottle the diaper merely could not handle the output . Yikes . I thought I would take a chance and try huggies . It 's been a week and so far no complaints . He has even woken up dry after having a second bottle in the middle of the night with no diaper change . -LRB- tsk tsk but as any mother can tell you , do not mess with a sleeping baby or you will live to regret it -RRB- . I will keep you posted on any changes !
 We had been using pampers sensitive swaddlers since birth but when baby hit size 2 figured we would use up the pack of size 2 baby dry 's we recieved as a shower gift . . well within the first day of use my baby got a horrible diaper rash!So bad that her skin is bleeding and cracking :-LRB- . . They even feel cheaper ... way more of a plastic type feel to them . I do not reccomend !
 My daughter is 20 months old and the child of two of the whitest people you will ever meet -- Irish through and through and never a day of tan in our lives . Every time the doctor sees her the first words out of his mouth are `` SUNSCREEN ! '' . Naturally , she has sensitive skin -- any little thing will leave a mark on her . From the day she was born we used Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive . We moved on to Cruisers when she was old enough and getting around more . We have used Aquaphore every day of her life in conjunction with the cruisers . NICU nurses from a Cleveland Clinic hospital told us in a baby preparation class that Aquaphore is ALL they use and said we could use for as long as she 's in diapers . She 's 20 months old and has NEVER suffered a SINGLE diaper rash with Aquaphore and Pampers . Anyway , we tried the baby dry diapers and she woke up wet every time , or wet through during the day . We do n't have this problem with cruisers and she has never had a skin reaction to them . If we go too long or over `` water '' her she will wet through the diaper but that 's our fault -- I do n't think there 's a diaper on the market that wo n't fail in certain situations . We are generally pleased with these diapers . Maybe it 's the Aquaphore that protects her from the supposed harshness of these diapers but if my daughter did n't react with the Cruisers/Aquaphore combo , I ca n't imagine anyone else having a bad reaction .
 Baby dry was okay until my daughter 's poop got bigger ! It leaks ! We even have to change her pants and bodysuits everyday . I was very frustrated . Then I changed to Pampers Cruisers with Dry max which is a little bit expensive than this one . It worked perfectly !! No leaking and no washing of clothes any more !! But if your baby is not a big eater as my daughter , baby dry was okay . You just have to change often though .
 Going from Swaddlers to these was a HUGE mistake . The name `` baby dry '' should be a joke , because the diaper gets damp very fast , and ALWAYS smells like pee . It 's not my baby either , I have to change out the diaper about twice more than normal and most of the diapers are barely heavy . Seems like such a waste ... should 've bought the smaller amount to test first . It 's odd how the same brand could have one type vastly superior to the other . Again , go with Swaddlers , we had ZERO issues with them . `` Baby dry '' is a lie .
 We used Swaddlers size 1 and thought would changed to this for size 2 to see what 's the difference . We found that this one leaks ! It also has a little chemical smell and the size is n't as big as Swaddlers size 2 . Pamper Swaddlers is much better in our opinion .
 Our daughter is 22 months and we just got a box of Size 5 baby Dry diapers . We ca n't use these at nighttime and we have to check her diaper frequently . If she drinks a lot of water , the urine leaks right out of the diaper.My wife had me order another box of Huggies Snug & Dry Size 5 immediately . We 'll try to use these ones up , but when we run errands or go to church , we will use the Huggies.I do not recommend these diapers at all . It 's not worth the $ 0.03 difference per diaper from Huggies . I gave it a fair chance and learned my lesson .
 We accidentally bought pampers dry instead of cruisers diapers , so we decided to try them . I immediately noticed the odor of urine . When out with gramma , they leaked after 4 hours of wear . We normally use cruisers and they have provided us consistent coverage and have never failed . Cruisers seem to cover more surface area and last for 12 hours through the night . I also do not notice the urine smell as soon as the diaper becomes wet with cruisers . We will be using cruisers from now on .
 I used pampers for the first few months after my son was born and then switched to Huggies diapers . I could n't remember why I had switched , but I wish I never did . It did n't help that Amazon sent me two boxes of these Pampers instead of one regular box and one night time box.I just started using Pampers night time diapers and really liked the absorbency so I thought I would start using Pampers during the day too . Big mistake ! After his first pee , which is usually a few minutes after changing , the Pampers diapers start to sag . If he is wearing pants or shorts , which is everyday , the Pampers diaper starts to hang to one side of his pants . It 's really not cute from the back view and it really worries me that it will start leaking too.I read another review here about Pampers vs Huggies that made my mind up to try Pampers . The review said that smaller/skinnier kids should use Pampers and larger/chubbier kids should use Huggies . The way the review explained it , it seemed to make sense . My son is two weeks from turing two years old and is very skinny . He only weighs 26lbs and is of normal height . He is VERY active and has stomach issues that make us use a lot more diapers than normal so I need the best absorbency that I can find . If the night time diapers were n't so expensive , I would use those all day , every day.It also seems like these Pampers are irritating his skin , but I am not sure if it is just something else . He has starting to scratch his bottom and try to take off his diaper ever since we changed brands . I felt the inside of the diaper to see if there were any scratchy parts , but felt none . I just added more lotion to his skin and it seems to help a bit but he still tries to take it off after I change him . He has never done that before , but I just thought that he was learning it from somewhere.I will go back to Huggies as soon as I can finish the 352 diapers that were sent to me . I did n't feel like sending back this huge box and we are running out of time before our overseas trip to wait for a new shipment of Huggies .
 The price was nice but the performance is lacking . Our son can soak one of these full in a few hours and has more leaks with these . We do n't dare use these overnight and just use them during the day -LRB- We use Huggies Snug & Dry Size 3 at night -RRB- . Even during daytime use , he still will leak once in a while with these . It might be partly a sizing issue since these are larger than the equivalent 3 in the Huggies . We wo n't be getting these again after this pack runs out .
 I have bought baby dry diapers before and have been satisfied with it . But this time I ordered it from Amazon . The diapers tear when they are opened from prefolded packing . Sometimes I have even found that the gel or the stuff its made from has leaked . I am extremely dissapointed with this lot of diapers . Now on I 'd rather buy it from a store than order oline so its easier to return .
 When my son wheres Pampers , the poop always rides up his back . I am very disappointed in these diapers and ca n't believe all the positive reviews . I gave it 2 stars because it does hold in pee alright for 3-4 hours max . These diapers do n't perform as well as Huggies Snug & Dry .
 These diapers are terrible . I have been using the Pampers Cruisers and those work well . I thought I would try the Baby Dry for overnight . Every night my baby wets right through these . I have to change his entire outfit during the night , which really wakes him up and makes it difficult for him to go back to sleep . Sometimes I have to change him twice . I will not be buying these again .
 I am writing this review after a long term usage of Pampers Baby Dry Diapers for my little one sold by Amazon . Note this is review for the product sold by Amazon only and not by Pampers or any other vendors who sell pampers.Initially due to the cost and same brand I thought this deal was amazing and told almost all my friends that this is the best you can find around . Then we noticed that our baby was wetting her bed too often . Initially we thought she was drinking too much water and stopped giving her water at night just before she went to sleep . But then she started doing that all day . We ended up changing diapers way too often to avoid spils . I was wondering why the diaper was not holding anything , then one day I found a cheaper deal with BJ 's and bought from there . Turns out it was the diapers that was causing this . Its been more than 6 months I bought from Amazon and had the frequent wetting problems . The same product from 2 different vendors can make such a difference ? You might think that it was my daughter who might have stopped wetting . I thought so too , which is why i used one of the left over diaper from Amazon again this week and the same thing happened . My daughter was in the car seat and now i have to wash the whole thing.I am not buying this product from Amazon again . I dont want to find out any more ugly truth about this product and do not want to take the risk with my precious one .
 I have used the baby dry diapers for months now . The last two boxes I have recieved do not have as much of the blue absorbant material and the diapers are overall totally different -LRB- almost flat -RRB- . Although the diapers worked well for awhile , the new design leaves much to be desired .
 The package contains 246 diapers , so you 're getting a great deal right?Wrong.I hate this item . I had been putting my daughter in Pampers Swaddlers from day one and love those ! We ran out of diapers so my husband and I used our ` backup ' diapers which are the Walmart brand . When I got the Baby Dry diapers I was thrilled . I was so thankful to stop using the cheap ones and having to do my daughter 's laundry every day because of leaks.I was sad to discover that these particular diapers are the same as the cheapies . Only I consider it worse that they have the Pampers name on them but are worthless . I 'm not even exaggerating here . My daughter is tiny , and she was wearing a diaper for 20 minutes in her carseat and it leaked . When I take off the diapers after she gets up in the morning , they have practically disintegrated . You honestly would be better off with cloth diapers or just continue using the Walmart brand and saving yourself money.Better yet , do n't even stray from the Swaddlers . Not only was my daughter soaked from the diaper leaking through her pajamas , her tiny behind was also soaked because the '12 hours ' of protection had failed to pull moisture away from her skin . She got a rash within the first day of wearing these . Very disappointing . I love the Swaddlers , I can rave about those all day if you let me . I had found a lonely Swaddlers hiding in her diaper bag but it was a size too small . `` To heck with it ; it 's still a Swaddler ! `` It did n't leak overnight like the Baby Dry did.All in all , I would recommend if you want to try the product -LRB- or any for that matter -RRB- try it in small numbers first . I did complain to Pampers and they have agreed to make it right by giving me some coupons to use on my next few purchases . I feel like I was taken seriously and that they really care about their customers ' satisfaction . Best of luck to all you reading this !
 I have a boy and this diapers are really bad for him and for me : - / . They are leaking all the time , even if it is a new not over wet diaper.Buy something else if you do n't want to wash the clothes many times a day !!!
 We only used 5 of these diapers with our newborn , and we had problems with 4 of the diapers . Two leaked poop or urine . One had the fastner break . One had the fastener repeatedly detach.We had no problems with Pampers Swaddlers , so we will switch back to that diaper type . Perhaps , this diaper type will work better at the higher size .
 I wanted to try this product for my baby girl . To my surprise , it was too small for her when compared with other brand level 1 diapers . I had to reorder my diapers again .
 After using a different type of Pampers , we purchased these . My 10 week old premie has had numerous blow-outs in these diapers . His clothes end up wet often and they feel much cheaper material than Pampers Swaddlers . I definitely wo n't purchase Baby Dry diapers again !
 I bought these because my 6 month old started leaking with her Pamper Swaddlers . These said that they were for overnight protection and would last 12 hours . When I opened the package I was surprised to see that these are thinner than Swaddlers and plastic feeling . I can handle that as long as I do n't have to clean urine off of my daughter , her pajamas , and her bed every morning . She sleeps 12 or so hours some nights , but still wakes up for a feeding on most nights . When she woke up after 7 hours for a feeding , her clothes were soaked . Very disappointing . Pick up a small package before you buy the value size to see if they work for you . These diapers did not work for my daughter .
 I have used pampers cruisers consistently and mistakenly bought these baby dry ones this time around . It was a mistake . My 21-month old -LRB- 21 pounds -RRB- sleeps 12 hours a night and with these diapers in size 4 -LRB- up to 37 pounds -RRB- she wakes up with pee having soaked through the diaper onto her pajamas . She ever peed through the diaper on a 2 and a half hour flight . Not sure why they are called baby dry , but they sure do n't keep her dry at all . I just placed another order for the cruisers , but now I 'm stuck with 150 of these poor diapers too .
 Like another reviewer , I went for these rather than the Pampers Swaddlers because I thought `` heck , these are also Pampers , how bad could they be ? '' Answer
 I am a longtime Amazon buyer and a first time reviewer . I am also a Pampers Swaddlers devotee and so I thought , a fan of Pampers in general . I have since found that all Pampers are not created equal . I typically use Pampers Swaddlers in the day and Huggies Overnights at night for my 8 month old son - who is not by any means a `` super soaker '' . I bought the Pampers Baby Dry because they had a good deal going , so I thought I would give them a try . With `` 12 hours of overnight protection '' , what 's not to like ? The first night I used these , I found my son 's entire frontside wet in the morning . Okay , so it 's hard to find a really good overnight disposable . Maybe I should have bought one size up from his usual . I thought , `` I 'll just use them during the day ... '' . Well , after just 1 nap and about 3 hours in the diaper , again soaked . What a waste !
 We purchased these for awhile because they were the only diapers that would stand up to the `` blowouts '' but let me tell you the Target brand diapers are the same quality for SOOOO much less $ If I had any advice for people getting Pampers or Huggies it would be try Target brand they are the best I promise you wo n't be disappointed . Do n't try Kroger or Kmart brands or anything similar just Target . Only if someone told us this a year ago we 'd have a Ferrari by now with all the money we saved after switching !
 I love Pampers Swaddlers so I thought I 'd try these once my baby outgrew the Swaddlers . While I 've never had any issues with leaking , I 've had to throw out at least four brand-new diapers -LRB- so far -RRB- because the the entire side where the tab tears off while I 'm trying to fasten the diaper . I 've never had this problem with Swaddlers or Huggies , so I know it 's not the operator . Also , these diapers do n't seem to fit very securely . They tend to sag and feel very cheap -LRB- even my husband commented on that and he generally does n't notice these kinds of things -RRB- . I 've only used about 20 diapers from my box of 140 , but I 'm sure I 'll have more problems with tearing . What a waste !
 We always bought members mark diapers -LRB- we were very happy with them -RRB- until we found out about amazon mom . So I thought pampers would be the best . Not so much . They 're flimsy diapers . They were always showing his booty and always leaking .
 The Pampers Baby Dry diapers seem to be leaking often even after a new diaper has been put on . I changed my son 's diaper and it leaked within 15 minutes on 2 occasions . They seem to fit him well and are soft and cute , but somehow are n't effective . I 'm sure that it 's like many products . They work extremly well for some , but for others , the product does not work .
 Used pampers cruisers , just loved them , for over 2 yrs ... then they just stopped making those and started baby dry . I hate these . Leak all the time . I dont understand pampers , why fix whats not broken ?? Now have ordered huggies , hope they are better.neeta.doc.nita@gmail.com
 These diapers are too expensive and leaky than other diapers . Usually i do n't buy them because of high cost but I bought them for the first time thinking that they will be gud but they were the oppsosite . They leak if you forget to change a diaper before the baby sleeps . I usually use LUVS DIAPERS . They are far betther than these and cheaper as well . I made a great mistake thinking that if it is expensive it will be good.People do n't waste your money in this junk product .
 i do n't know if it 's pampers or this particular distributor , but there are what seems to be dried up resins in lumps in the diapers . i wonder if they absorbed moisture then dried . i 'll never buy another pampers diaper .
 Babies can not wear these !! the poop just pours out of them . They do not absord and this is because they are for older babies with solid foods ... . Stink with swaddlers or cruisers !! will never buy this type ever again .
 I got the replacement because of severe diaper rash which is the first time for my son . I have to say amazon customer is good . They send me new box and I send old ones back.But the new box is even worse . There s Crystal like stuff come out from the diaper . I need wash my son every time .
 Terrible diapers . We normally buy the cruisers and I accidentally purchased the baby dry diapers . The diapers continually leak ! Even when they have been worn for short periods of time , they really can only hold a small amount of urine if your child is at all mobile .
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 These are the worst diapers I 've ever used . I 'm a huge fan of Pampers and have used them with both of my children ; however , these were absolutely not worth the money ! Every single time my son had a dirty diaper it leaked everywhere !! I understand that diapers leak , but the Pampers Swaddlers I use with him almost never leak at all . I do n't recommend that anyone purchase these diapers .
 I decided to buy these diapers instead of the pampers sensitive , I was just trying to be economical , but it backfired . These diapers are a bit cheaper , but useless , they leek all the time , every time my baby girl poops they leek all over . I have to change her more often with these diapers , because they do n't have a good suction . -LRB- so much for economical -RRB- I was also disappointed to find that these diapers have a plastic around the edge , I imagine them to be so uncomfortable for my 4 months old baby , I 'm sure no baby/anyone would like to wear a plastic bag around them all day , unlike pamper sensitive , which are so soft inside and `` plastic free '' . The most annoying thing was , the size . Size two is like a size one from pampers sensitive.Everything about these diapers is wrong . I do n't know how other buyers gave these diapers high rating , maybe it 's different for baby boys.Once these diapers run out , I 'm definitely going back to pampers sensitive , specially now that i 'm saving with Amazon Mom 30 % , it 's worth every penny .
 Something in this brand gives my kid a rash . The rash is not wetness related , but seems to be from something in the band of the diaper .
 Rather flimsy construction , prone to leaks , with a distinct chemical smell when baby is wet -- I would n't buy these diapers again .
 We started out with Pampers Swaddlers from newborn to Size 2-3 which is the largest that they make . These were hands down the best diapers we have tried during the first year . After our daughter outgrew the Swaddlers we tried Pampers Cruisers and were a little disappointed , however the Cruisers did their job of keeping everything where it was supposed to be . I saw the reviews for Baby Dry and thought `` hey let 's try these and see if they are better than Cruisers '' BIG MISTAKE . We received the diapers yesterday and have already had multiple leaks and overflows . These diapers have almost no absorbency and need to be changed approximately every 2 hours for us . We made the mistake of using it overnight and the entire bed was soaking wet this morning.These diapers may work for some , however I ca n't believe that they would work for many considering how little they can hold . Buyer beware .
 It says they are 12 hour diapers but not so much . We use them as day only diapers and change frequently . I like the dry max much better .
 DO NOT BUYIt does the job capturing urine fine , but it does not stop 3-4-month old baby thing feces comming out over the top of a diaper in the backIn our case , every other time our baby boy had bowel movement we had to copmletely change his clothing because of the leakageProduct link
 I use Pampers for my kids for more than 3 years . . I always liked them , until few months ago . . I thought maybe a packages was n't good , and then I see it again and again ... 1 out of 10 diapers is falling apart ... `` wings '' are come off , when you try to put diaper on !!! I do n't want to buy Pampers again ... : -LRB-
 Previously we had used Earth 's Best since size 1 , 2.5 years ago . I recently decided to save money on his size 5s and go non-ecological with the mainstream `` best '' which are apparently Pampers . Not only do they smell like pungent baby powder out of the package , they just do n't work . Our son is n't overly wet , due to regular diaper changes , but these diapers could n't even contain pee for a 2 hour span . In addition , when he wakes up his pajamas smell like he had an accident , due to the thinness of the Pampers . And yes , more often than not he was wet through to the pajamas , sheets , etc. , and if he pooped overnight , he was rewarded with a sopping wet diaper , a wedgie , and poop leaking out . We have four kids , and trust me , use Earth 's Best . Does anybody want 152 Pampers?Hope one of these links works , and of course , look for subscribe and save !! Amazon search -- Earth 's Best TenderCare Chlorine Free Diapers , Size 5 -LRB- 27 + Pounds -RRB- , 104 CountDirect cut and paste -- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We switched to baby dry from swaddlers because our local club big box store had a coupon.We wanted our baby to start sleeping longer and since we really like swaddlers and baby dry promises up to 12 hours of dryness , the baby dry would be exactly what we are looking for . ... . right?There are also not as absorbent , I do n't mean you let you baby sit there and see how long he can go without a diaper change , what I 'm talking about is the more liquid poo is not absorbed and ends up in the little leg compartment making a mess out of his chubby little tights and if not caught early enough ends up on the outside of the diaper !! . We are constantly changing his diaper , at night we dont get the * up to 12 hrs promised , not even the * up to 6 hours !! Last , there 's no wet indicator ... I used to like this feature on the other diapers . Our baby does not like diaper changes -LRB- unless he 's full -RRB- but sometimes even if he was full he would fuss and I do n't like when he gets upset after feedings , specially at night since its harder to get him back to sleep . With the wet indicator I could make the decision to change him before or after his feedings depending on how wet was the diaper.I do n't have many children but I know when something is better or worse ... I know that much ! The Baby dry 12 hour diapers are much , much worse that the diapers we used to have ! However if you have a baby that doest poop , pee , sleep or fuss than this might be the diaper for you !!! *** Updade 9/6/2012 *** The leaks continue ... . the latest leak required an emengency bath time because there was poo everywhere !! After the last leak I 'm swiching back to swaddlers ... . Pampers Baby dry have only been disappointment and frustration !!
 These diapers absorb MUCH less than Swaddlers . They do n't have a prayer of lasting through the night despite the claim they last twelve hours . Really disappointing product .
 We have been purchasing Pampers Baby Dry through Amazon Prime Subscribe and Save . This last shipment of diapers were horrible . Pampers has lost our business . The diapers were paper thin and my 14 month old boy kept waking up soaked through . Leaving the bed soaking wet . Something is horribly wrong with these diapers . We will be changing to another brand ASAP .
 The diapers were fine except my order was for 124 diapers and I only received 112 . I also did n't have any way of contacting the shipper to let them know that my order was incomplete .
 Several of these diapers broke at the side seams causing the gel material to fall out and leave a trail everywhere our toddler went until we finally figured out where it was coming from . Happened with three more diapers in order and after vacuuming for over one our we gave up and tyre the rest out .
 This is the worst nighttime diaper we have used . They leak 100 % of the time leaving our baby drenched in her own urine ! Awful . :-LRB- I highly recommend Huggies Overnites-zero problem with leaks and a great fit.We will not attempt to use these again .
 I used swaddlers with my son when he was a newborn so I thought I would try these -LRB- he is 1 now -RRB- . After wearing them for not even two days he developed what I can only describe as a chemical burn . He was really red and when I wiped him I saw tiny drops of blood . He screamed so much and even screamed when I put his diaper back on . After I realized it had to be the new diapers I immediately took his diaper off and put on one of his old diapers and he seemed to be happier almost immediately . The diapers have a very strong scent . When they arrived I put them in our living room and I could smell them from across the room and I had n't even opened the box yet . I can only imagine this is what my son reacted to . I only used around 10-15 of the 144 diapers so I have emailed Pampers asking what I can do since I feel like I wasted all that money on diapers that ca n't be used . If your child is used to non-scented diapers I would not try these out . The scent is overwhelming and should have been the only warning I needed . Stupidly I still decided to try them out and now my poor baby is paying the price . If your child is fine wearing a certain brand of diapers then I suggest sticking to that brand . I definitely will now !
 I decided to make the change to pampers based on all the positive reviews from customers . It was a bad decision for my baby ! It gave my poor baby a really bad diaper rash from the chemical in the baby dry ! Maybe good diapers for others , but definitely not for my baby . I will be sticking with Huggies !
 We got a big box of `` baby dry '' from amazon . Our experience is that my son 's clothes are soaked with just a small amount of liquid . On the other hand , the `` swaddlers '' take on a ton of liquid and my son stays dry as a bone and so do his clothes . We are sending these back as defective and ordering more swaddlers .
 These are THE worst diapers I have ever used . I have never had soooo many leaks , soaked through diapers , messes all over my son , in his 28 months of life , than I have with this pack of Pampers Diapers . I will never buy Pampers again & will share my opinion to others .
 I gave these diapers a try when my son started soaking through his Huggies in the middle of the night . I was looking for something more absorbent , and having tried another type of Pampers in the past and was satisfied , decided to try these . He soaked through them every night for four nights . They were completely ineffective . On the plus side , they smelled nice and were softer than Huggies . I did n't want to waste the one that were left , so we used them during the day . A few days later , my son , who at 14 months had never had a diaper rash , got a terrible , painful rash . We stopped using the Pampers immediately , but it took over a week for the rash to clear up . So , having read other reviews telling a similar story , let me caution new users that it 's a gamble . Will these diapers give my kid a rash ? Maybe . Maybe not . Are you willing to spend your money to find out ?
 We decided to try the subscribe and save program and had been using Pampers Cruisers Stage 3 . I had never really noticed a specific title with the diapers we had been using . They had been wonderful . So , we decided to try the only Pampers that were available in this size . Despite the claim that they last up to 12 hours , each of the three that we used on our baby boy leaked . Awful , awful , awful !
 I had to return these . I bought 3 boxes , they 've only taken 1 back so far . These do n't have those flex tabs so they 're like those cheap Huggies . The picture is rather misleading .
 We usually put our baby in cloth diapers , but we do keep a stash of disposables on hand for trips and emergencies . I really wish pampers would go back to offering their usual ` cruiser ' style diapers without the baby-dry . Our child has had a bad reaction to them -- she gets diaper rash almost immediately .
 I like Pampers but the baby dry has got to go , it has no give to the sides and DD leaked through every one of them .
 I was very dissapointed in the quality of the last batch of pampers that I bought . 1/4 of the diapers fell apart as I was putting them on my daughter . I switched to Huggies because of this and have not bought any more pampers .
 BUYER BEWARE ! ! ! YES THE DIAPERS ARE GOOD BUT I RECEIVED THE DIAPERS WITH STAINS THEY LOOK LIKE DNA STAINS . SO I CALL THE COMPANY AND THEY INSTRUCT ME TO TROW THEM AWAY ALL 200 DIAPERS WOW . SO I WAIT IN THE MAIL FOR SOME COUPONS THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO SEND ME AND TURNS OUT I HAVE TO SPEND MORE MONEY IN ORDER TO GET THE DIAPERS I HAD ALREADY PAID FOR . SO I CALL COMPANY AGAIN AND THEY SEND ME MORE COUPONS TO REPLACE THE DIAPERS SO WHEN THE COUPONS GET HERE ITS ONLY ENOUGH COUPON TO PURCHASE 100 DIAPERS WOW THEY SCREWED ME FOR 100 DIAPERS SO I CALL THEM BACK AND THEY ASKED ME TO SHIP THEM BACK THE COUPONS SO THEY CAN SEND ME MORE COUPONS OK FINE ILL DO IT . SO I GO TO THE STORE TODAY AND I TRY TO GET REDEEM THE COUPON FOR THE DIAPERS I ALREADY PAID FOR AND NOW I AM FORCED TAXES FOR THE DIAPERS I ALREADY PAID FOR MY TAXES AND AM FORCED TO PAY AGAIN FOR WHAT I ORIGINALLY PAID FOR . . BAD BAD BAD EXP I AM SORRY I HAVE TO GO THRU ALL OF THIS VERY DEPRESSING . .
 These diapers are terrible . They leak in the front , through the diaper ! How does that even happen ? My 6 month old needed a new one every two hours , otherwise it would leak and soak his clothes . Putting him in one for bedtime was a joke . 12 hours ? No way . We had to buy a case of Swaddlers for nighttime so he would n't soak his PJ 's at night . Do n't waste your money - get the Swaddlers , they 're fantastic !
 I 've been buying Pampers Baby Dry on Amazon for many months . The price is being increased every month on the same product with the same quantity . Unacceptable . I love the diapers , but will most likely be buying from somewhere else from now on .
 Started an order , which I never completed . Looked at my card and they had withheld the amount for the order , which I never completed ! Called them , and they confirm that I have n't placed an order , but they are unable to credit my account in another 10 days ! This was on a gift card!The customer service agent promised to take care of it first thing and he even stated that he was going to email me immediately the next morning . Two days later , after no email , I called and they have no idea of my issue , and we start over again with the talk about the 10 days . Noone seems to know why they 've taken over $ 200 from the card .
 Pampers Baby Dry Size 2 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 246 CountI 'VE MADE A HUGE MISTAKE BUYING THESE DIAPERS . I thought it is a good deal and i can save some money . but when i received these pampers baby dry diapers i opened the box and i find out that all of them has a little tiny brown stain on the back . since it was the first time i got these diapers i guessed it shoud 've been this way so i put one on my 1 month and half baby girl . when it comes to change her diaper i was really shocked . her butt and all the diaper area was in terrible red color and she had the worst rash so far . i put several pastes and cream to treat it . it took almost 2 day to get rid of them finally . she had been using this particular diaper like for 2 hours and for this little time it caused this terrible reaction . i dont understand how can people sell such a product especially baby stuff has to be carefully examined . do not repeat my mistake . NEVER BUY these diapers !!!
 These are a great deal in terms of price , but I am very disappointed as these diapers leak bad ! And we are stuck with them now as there are 192 of them to go through . We 've never experienced such a problem with Huggies ... I do n't know what happened to Pampers , as they were better quality earlier . It seems that the Diaper is much thinner , and there is not enough of the filling to absorb the pee ...
 The swaddlers are so much better ! These are not comfortable and they leak . I would not recommend these diapers to anyone .
 I was a huge fan of Pampers Baby Dry . With my first child , I faithfully used the Pampers Baby Dry diapers for over two and half years with no complaints at all . I recommended them to friends and family members with babies . With my second child , who is now one year old , I returned to Baby Dry since they worked so well with my first . I do n't know what they changed about the diapers , but the diapers continuously explode . I do n't leave them on for longer than two hours at a time . Sometimes , the diaper feels completely dry and it still has exploded . The inside of the diaper is also irritating to my son 's skin . I am tired of vacuuming up clumps of diapers . This happens to at least one diaper a day . I 'm done . I am cancelling my subscription tonight and returning the last box which I have n't opened .
 This are horrible for newborns . We had one on and not only did it leak through the diaper , but her clothes , blanket , and on to what she was sitting on . So gross . I wo n't buy these again . This is what I would expect from a cheap knockoff brand not a name brand . Do n't make the mistake of buying this for a newborn.They also do n't have the indicator strip , so you have to open to see which is frustrating for a newborn . Pay a little more for swaddlers or huggies because they are a waste of money . I 'm donating them to a shelter or something because we ca n't use these .
 I bought these thinking that there couldnt be that much of a difference between pampers and pampers swaddlers . I was wrong . The diapers just feel very cheaply made , the outside is a different material that is rough and the diapers seem to swallow up my 10lb baby . As for absorbancy , they are ok , better than the huggies and so far no accidents up the back , but I will not buy them again .
 This is not what i oredered , but this is the third time they continue to send them to me , dont know why
 I was n't too impressed by these diapers . The diaper itself stays dry overnight and does n't leak through if the baby just pees . However , these diapers -LRB- size 2 -RRB- seem low on my 14 lb baby -LRB- he is on the longer side though -RRB- and he had several leaks -LRB- pooped out the back and front at the same time on several occasions -RRB- , honestly , I wondered if I should have gotten a size 3 for him . The size 2 pampers swaddlers are great and the pampers baby dry just do n't compare .
 The swaddlers are wonderful diapers , never had any problems , however , the Dry Baby diapers are terrible . We have gone though one box of them , and still have another one to go before we switch over to cloth -LRB- this is not the reason we are switching to cloth -RRB- . My son has woken up several nights in a row completely wet and we 've been having to change the sheets . They leak horribly . Even daycare hates them . We 've had so many blowouts as well . They are incredibly thin and cheap feeling .
 Some people may have no issues with these diapers , however , my little girl probably leaks in these once a day if not multiple times . I 've tried everything making sure that the diaper is on just right or immediately changing her when I `` hear '' her go . NOTHING WORKS - I change her outfit multiple times a day and not for the fun of it . So it is back to Swaddlers for us ... I do n't know why I ever changed .
 I just received the pampers baby-dry diapers in 2007-04-30 , but guess what ? The exp . date is 2006-12-31 , as the other reviewer said , it 's old type , they do n't have the Caterpillar-Flex . I should send them back , but I do n't have time and my baby needs diapers now . I 'm very disapointed . They should check before they deliver .
 We started off with the Pampers Swaddlers , and I bought these ones by mistake . Since I had them , and the reviews were quite good , I decided to keep them . They claim to have an ` ultra absorb core for outstanding leakage protection ' , but my baby is 10 lbs -LRB- size 1 is for 8-14lbs -RRB- , and after about 5 hours , she had actually leaked through and out onto her outfit ! Not just a bit , but palpably and visibly wet ! I would pay the extra money and buy the Swaddlers , which is what I have done .
 I have been using Pampers Cruisers and wanted to try Baby Dry to see how they worked . They are fine for during the day but horrible for at night . My little girl woke up cold due to her diaper did n't hold in what it should have overnight which made her onesie soaked in the morning . Will NOT buy anymore Baby Dry ... Wondering if maybe I can exchange ????
 Not the latest product . Does not have wet line indicator like the new ones . You need to keep on checking at the diaper to find out if it is wet .
 These diapers fell apart and left a huge mess of falling apart diaper . I now know I need to use a different kind for overnight but then they should n't be advertised as baby dry .
 Where do I start , how about I hate these diapers !! This gel stuff leaks out of them , all the time . They do n't last long on active babies . Not to mention that I have to clean up leakage . Try another brand please !!
 I originally bought these diapers for my daughter to wear at night . They leaked so badly that I could n't use them . My daughter would be soaked from her chest clear down to her socks . Of course she would wake up early . I had to wash all of her bedding and her jammies every night . You can imagine what the scene looked like when she pooped ! To get rid of this box of diapers , I used them during day use , but , again , the swaddlers worked better and seemed more comfortable for my daughter . The Baby Dry seemed very thin and very uncomfortable ... almost papery . Not good .
 Ever since they 've redesigned these , almost every morning , my son is found wet , and the diaper has actually split on the sides with the gel contents spilling everywhere . It 's ever so much fun having to clean a toddler , crib , walls , floor , all first thing in the morning . I have used these religiously since the first couple of months , but I 've changed brands .
 The diaper is too thin that it hardly holds anything . We found we literally had to change the diaper for our kid every hour . Interestingly , the same Pamper diaper we bought from local supermarket or Walmart store was a lot better and could last for several hours .
 Loved the old design - my baby stayed dry through the night . Now , every morning he is soaked . `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' I did n't mind paying a premium price for the old design - it was phenomenal . The new design does not compare . I have switched to Luvs .
 I have been using Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers diapers and now that my daughter is 6 months old I decided I would try and save some money given her skin may not be as sensitive . The first week in using the Pampers Baby Dry diapers she went wet through it overnight -LRB- which she has never done so I assume the absorbency is not as good -RRB- and on a different occasion the blue dye on the diaper came off on her skin !! The blue dye coming off on her was the most disappointing . I was so shocked by the difference in quality of this product . I will never use Pampers Baby Dry again and will be going back to Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers its worth the extra $ 16/month !
 Will not buy again , save your money and just buy LUVS , the only advantage the baby dry have is that they smell good . We went thru almost twice as many diapers trying to keep our baby dry.lol
 I 've been using the Pampers brand since my daughter was born . I 've tried Luvs , Huggies , and store brand and they all did n't work . She was using Swaddlers until she got to size 4 and I bought these . They SUCK . The pamper seems harder and the strip on the inside is n't as long . And to top it all off , it gave more poor child a rash . Luckily I did n't get stuck with all these pampers because a friend of mine used these on her daughter and they were fine . I 'll be switching to the sensitive brand since they come in swaddlers .
 At first , I thought it was just one or two diapers that have sand like in them but it 's actually the whole box of diapers that have sand in EVERY DIAPER . But I willing to give it another try . Unfortunately , the 2rd and 3rd boxes were still the same -LRB- still have tons of sand like in every diaper -RRB- . The changing table and crib were filled with tiny sand like everytime I changed my baby diaper . It 's freaking me out cause my baby is super active and she 's at the stage where she puts everything in her mouth . So , no more Pamper Baby Dry for me .
 These diapers are terrible , they leak and make my baby smell like urine . I thought I ordered the same pampers as before which were the swaddlers , No these are not and they are very different . These diapers are blue in color and are just as bad as huggies . i love the Pampers Swaddlers my girls can go all night and not have any problems .
 I did not like these diapers at all ! They leaked at night and even during the day . As soon as my 10 month old daughter peed in them , these diapers hung to the knees .
 The june 2011 shipment of the pampers cruisers diapers was way below par . The diapers were too thin and leaking all the time.I 'm on auto-shipment
 I CHANGED FROM HUGGIES TO PAMPERS BECAUSE OF THE PRICE BUT NOW I SEE THAT HUGGIES IS WELL WORTH THE PRICE . MY SON USED PAMPERS WHEN HE WAS BORN JUST BECAUSE THAT 'S THE BRAND THE HOSPITAL WAS USING , BUT I QUICKLY CHANGES TO HUGGIES AND WAS VERY PLEASED . THEN I DECIDED TO GIVE PAMPERS BABY DRY A TRY SINCE THE PRICE WAS CHEAPER AND I GOT MORE DIAPERS FOR MY MONEY . THEY RAVE ABOUT A BABY DRY SYSTEM THAT LAST 12HOURS ... NOT AT ALL . MY BABY LEAKS AFTER A COUPLE OF HOURS . THE DIAPERS ARE EXTREMELY THIN . I STILL HAVE SOME HUGGIES LEFT OVER AND I HAVE TO USE THOSE FOR NIGHTIME BECAUSE IF I USE THE PAMPERS MY BABY WAKES UP CRYING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NITE ALL WET THROUGH HIS ONESIE , PJ 'S AND CRIB SHEET !!! HORRIBLE DIAPER ... NOW I 'M STUCK WITH OVER 200 DIAPERS . I 'M GOING BACK TO HUGGIES AS SOON AS I FINISH THIS PACK , UNFORTUNATELY WILL HAVE TO BUY HUGGIES OVERNITES MEANWHILE I FINISH THE PAMPERS .
 These are awful ! They gave our son an angry red raw rash all around his pelvic area ! We even took him to the doctor thinking it may have been some time of Thrush from antibiotics ! Do not purchase these if your child has sensitive skin or may be allergic to the filler !
 I have used 3 different brand diapers for my twins since they were born , huggies , pampers and luvs . When they were little I stuck with pampers sensitive because I felt those were softer and kinder to their skin . When they got bigger I went with luvs because of the price , then I discovered amazon mom and its many benefits including its low prices on diapers , so I switched to huggies , and realized how much better huggies are compare to luvs ! We 've been using huggies for the last 9 months . Now the last time I needed to buy some diapers , pampers was running a coupon on amazon so the price per diaper was a little lower than huggies , and I figured , why not give it a try , hence , I bought these pampers baby dry . What a bad move ! These diapers leaked after an 8 oz milk and some juice , I mean , with huggies such liquid intake would hardly `` make a dent '' ! So now I am using almost twice the amount of diapers compare to when we were on huggies . These are worse than luvs , at least luvs charged you less for it ! I actually feel these are very much comparable to luvs diaper in terms of quailty and `` structure '' , just more money , it 's almost like both were made by the same people but were marketed differently . So if you are thinking of getting these , save yourself some money and buy luvs instead . I do n't understand how they could advitized it as `` last up to 12 hours '' ! That 's if you do n't feed your kids any fluid for 12 hours I assume ! How could this product get so many good reviews on here ? Maybe a lot of people use pampers exclusively and did n't have a chance for comparison ? I would have returned these if I had not thrown away the box . What a rip off ! Do not buy these , get huggies snug and dry instead !
 I made a huge mistake by buying the baby dry after reading through the reviews . I thought that for the price , why not try them . What a huge mistake ! I should have just bought a smaller amount to try them first . Instead we have been using these for over a month now and I have had to clean up a poop spill at least every other day . My baby was 4 months old when we started using these and since he is not eating solids yet , the poop is pretty runny . The baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on . It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the HuggiesSnug & dry from now on , The Snug and dry from huggies absorb much better that those lousy ones , Hope this helps someone wondering which to buy Snug and dry or Baby Dry , DEFINITELY go with the SNUG AND DRY !!
 This is the very cheap product that does not measure up to the standards of the other Pampers diapers . I would recommend not to buy this but the 186 count instead .
 With 3 grandchildren , I 've tried many disposable diapers and my daughter and I feel that Pampers does not , in our opinion , measure up to Huggies .
 I loved swaddlers but they are only in small sizes so I moved to baby dry . Well with teething there is diarrhea and even when I ran to the changing table to change him after an audible bm it was on it 's way out of the top back of the diaper and the sides , also I bought them thinking they had the flexible side panels , which are wonderful because you do n't feel like your cutting off your babies circulation if you want them snug . I must have received an older box and it did not have the flexible sides . I have since switched to cruisers and love them .
 Do not buy diapers from Amazon . Your order will likely not ship unti lafter a couple of months or one fine day you will discover that your order has been cancelled because they ran out of stock . Not only that if your original order had multiple items on it and had qualified for free shipping they will charge you the shipping amount even though they are unable to fulfil this part of your order . I have voiced this concern strongly to CS and believe this is a false business practice they are following . If I were you I 'd stay away from diaper shopping at Amazon .
 I wo n't use it again.very low quality . I feel the frequency with which I change these , adds up the cost.so better to buy a good quality diaper .
 These leak about every other time my baby poops . I purchased them accidentally thinking I was getting the Swaddlers . Will NEVER buy these again , just terrible !!
 My bundle of joy is 4.5 mo old and none of the other diapers leaked until I started using this one . I tried other brands , Huggies , Luv and also Pampers Swaddlers and they all work fine except this one .
 My baby is n't 17lbs yet and these diapers were too small for her , and they say it is for 16 to 28 lbs . Plus , even though my baby sleeps through the night , when I used this diaper , she woke up at 2:30 am all WEAT . I called the Pampers costumer service and they offered me a $ 5 coupom ... yes , I could not believe it , at last they offered a $ 10 coupom , so I 'll still need to spend monwy on it ? I hopped to have at least a size 4 sent to me . Be carefull , those diapers can work for you , but be concious that whenever you need the costumer service they will not replace the diapers.Not buying Pampers agin ... by the way , seventh generation and Huggies are far better!Viviane
 I would not recommend these diapers as they have a strong scent that irritate baby 's skin even if not the sensitive type .
 I just love Pampers Swaddlers and I 've used them for both babies . But these Pampers Baby-Dry sz 3 are just worthless ! Every little wee-wee just balloons the diaper and subsequent wee-wees leak out . Diaper gets `` full '' way too easily , then when we pick her up and hold her it squishes out -LRB- number 1 squeezes out and wets all of our clothes -RRB- . Just no good . Hubby does n't get upset at much , but he is just hugely frustrated about these . We 're going through 3x as many diapers , at least , as we did when using Huggies . So back to Huggies it is .
 We use a lot of diapers and frequently go back and forth between Pampers and Huggies as our child grows . Our 18 month-old son definitely wears size 4 but this version of Pampers seems slightly too small . Worse , the stick-on flaps are much less sticky than most diapers we use . Several times his diaper has actually come loose because the flap unsticks during the night resulting in a wet boy . Not sure if this was just a bad batch or there is something different with this particular model . We have not had problems with other Pampers in the past .
 We use a different variety of Pampers diapers on monthly delivery . We were running short and bought a box of these `` Baby Dry . '' For some reason , they do not work at all . They leak through the legs .
 We ran out of Earths Best and so I got some of these at Walgreens to hold us over . I am simply shocked that these diapers leak very badly over half the time . I was expecting these to perform better than Earths Best simply because they 've been in business for so much longer and can use all the fancy chemicals . That was not the case at all . I ca n't believe these diapers are still on the market . It 's like they have holes in them . Our son does like the Elmo image , though .
 I bought these because I needed some diaper for when my daughter goes to great grandmas -LRB- or else my cloth diapers end up in the trash ... -RRB- and they LEAKED EVERYWHERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Granted my daughter is a heavy wetter but these say 12 hours !!!! And they smell HORRID !!!! The poo went everywhere . I have NEVER had a leak in my cloth diapers . NEVER . 7 months so I was just used to packing her diapers and not spare clothes so I had to come home from work to get her . Last time I EVER use Pampers again . Everyone told me they were great . YEAH RIGHT !!! I wish I could give them a zero .
 This is a worst diaper I ever used for my kids . I bought this just to try , because of its price . This diaper is like a tissue paper . easily tear
 These diapers are horrible ! I 've had 3 in the last 2 days leak . I should have just gone with Swaddlers . The sad thing is I have 246 diapers to use , with the potential of them leaking again ! They also have a horrible smell . It 's supposed to smell clean or fresh , but it just does n't . It 's too strong . The smell I can get over , but the leaking I can not . You can see where it will leak since the blue lining with all the absorbency does n't even go all the way to the edge .
 I ordered these after my baby grew out of Swaddlers which do n't come in a size 4 . Swaddlers were amazing ! These are terrible . She leaked with every poop and had to be changed many more times during the day . I changed to cruisers and am once again happy with Pampers . I would definitely recommend cruisers !
 These diapers have been a huge disappointment ! They claim to be Baby Dry but they do n't keep anything dry . We 've only been using them for a few days and every day we 've had to change outfits because of wet diapers . The diaper does n't even seem to absorb anything . As far as night protection ? There 's no way it offers 12 hours of protection . Maybe one or two and that 's if you 're willing to change the sheets.I 'm going back to Luvs .
 BEWARE !!! Just because the box looks like Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max Diapers , these are NOT the same . My son is now 5 mo. old and we 've been using Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max diapers since he was born -LRB- you know , with the blue wetness indicator on the front -RRB- . However , these are NOT Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max . These are thinner , do not have the woven material inside the diaper and are not nearly as absorbent as the Swaddlers . My son has leaked out of his diaper the last 5 nights ... these diapers simply are not absorbent enough to contain a night 's worth of pee . We rarely had this problem with Dry Max . I wo n't be buying these again - they simply are n't worth the very little cost savings .
 We went from Swaddlers Sensitive to Baby Dry and were so disappointed after less than a week that we gave them away and went back to the Swaddlers . First of all not only did they leak urine -LRB- EVERY night woke up soaked -RRB- but even during the day when I changed my four month old 's diaper after only a couple of hours his skin was very damp . Now he 's never had a diaper rash , and all Ive ever used to keep him dry were the swaddler and baby powder but with these diapers I started using desitin just to keep the urine off his skin . They also couldnt hold in his poops . EVERY time he pooped -LRB- not exaggerating -RRB- it was a complete blow out , down his legs , up the back of his clothes . We NEVER had this problem with the Swaddlers . I also have to agree with the post about them being too thin , feeling recycled and rough against babys skin . The Swaddlers are MUCH better .
 I bought these diapers for my 6 month old daughter after using Swaddlers since she was born . The coupon was only for the Baby Dry and with a name like that , would you think anything else than a dry baby ??? Guess again . These diapers are terrible . Of course I got the largest quantity too , 246 diapers , for $ 38.99 . Boy I thought I was making out like a bandit ! I changed my daughter tonight at 6:15 and it 's 8:15 and she 's soaked through to her clothes . And every single morning after sleeping a full 10 hours , she 's got wet sheets and blankets . I can not believe how disappointing this item is . I am shocked that Pampers even makes a diaper like this , when they have Swaddlers on the market . Please , if you are reading this before you switch over , DO NOT BUY THE BABY DRY . I am devastated that I am stuck with 200 more of these awful diapers .
 We tried Pampers Baby Dry on vacation and our had leaks at least once and up to four times per day ! Our one year old baby is a size 3 and does n't have any problems in swaddlers , cruisers or other store brand diapers . I could n't believe how leaky these were !
 I was not happy with pampers diapers . I was using huggies before and after I switched to pamper , there were more leakage accidents . Plus the side wings broke couple of time while putting on diapers . So overall I was not happy with the pampers this product . I had used pampers with my first child few years ago and they were fine .
 I purchased these baby dry thinking we could step up from the Pampers Swaddlers . I was wrong . I just assumed they would be as good as the swaddlers but they are not . My baby girl is 6 months and is an average baby ... not chunky or big -LRB- other reviews mentioned it may have an impact on the diaper -RRB- Here are my con 's : - do not absorb like I need them to . She is up one to two times per night and if I do n't change her at one of the feedings by morning she will be in a puddle and I will have to wash everything.-they are not nearly as soft as swaddlers . - when she is really wet the inside of the diaper will come apart and stick to her . . it is a stringy something that sticks to her legs.yuck.They really are fine during the day , it is at nap and night time that she seems to over flow out of the diaper . I will not order another box of these . I was honestly shocked that they were not better because I really love pampers . Oh well . live and learn .
 These diapers are awful and we 'll never get them again . They seemed thinner than the Huggies we normally buy , so I guess the only plus is that you can fit more in the diaper bag/in the basket on the changing table , but the positives end there . They leak like crazy - esp . when they get pretty full during naps/bedtime - we have to wake up our son to change him in the middle of the night so he does n't wake up in wet pajamas and a puddle in the morning . Also when they fill , they sag so terribly . Our toddler quickly learned he could easily reach in when they were saggy and mess with his poop if he had any . He also easily took them off , unlike the Huggies - probably because they were sagging and uncomfortable . Unfortunately we have 222 to get through ... ugh ...
 This baby dry diaper is supposed to be used for longer duration at nights . Out of the 5 diapers I have used , the gel balls from 2 of them burst and spread all over the house . I have been using the pampers swaddlers and the pampers cruisers but never had issues with them . I will never buy the pampers '' baby dry '' diapers again .
 I hate that these diapers sag ! My daughter weara them for about an hr and they are sagging and they leak . I will never buy these again ! Going back to Luvs . No leaks or saggy diapers !
 As soon as I got these diapers I was surprised at how light and thin they were and I was also worried about the absorbent pad not running all the way to the back . The next day my fears were realized and I got poop all over my shorts . It leaked right out the back . These diapers have a cheap look to them and they perform that way too . I still have about 240 of these left so it will be a long month ! My wife thought it was pretty funny though .
 These diapers work . They did n't leak . However , within 2 days of using them on our then 2 month old daughter , she had a diaper rash . We had previously been using the Huggies Little Snugglers -LRB- without any problems -RRB- . We took her out of the Pampers and the diaper rash cleared right away . Well , me not being one to waste money thought that maybe it was a coincidence that she got a diaper rash . No , it was n't . Once she was healed we waited a few days and tried the Pampers again , again she got a diaper rash . Needless to say we threw out the rest of the box . Poor baby , she was so uncomfortable.Not only did they cause her to have diaper rashes , but they also stink . The Huggies did not have an odor to them , but these smelled as though they were supposed to cover up a dirty diaper smell . I do n't know about you but adding extra chemicals to diaper for an infant seems crazy to me.Lastly , the diapers have a pretty rough texture , not something I would want to sit in and not something that I will ever put my daughter in again .
 My husband bought these by accident and I was glad to see them go . We normally use Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Baby-Dry do not come close to comparing.While using these , my daughter had a few accidents -LRB- I will be fair and say that a couple of those could have been as a result of human error -RRB- and they do not appear to be nearly as durable.Unfortunately , I would not feel comfortable recommending these ... spend the extra money and go for the Swaddlers .
 I made the huge mistake of buying the baby dry after reading through the reviews . I thought that for the price , why not try them . What a huge mistake ! I should have just bought a smaller amount to try them first . Instead we have been using these for over a month now and I have had to clean up a poop spill at least every other day . My baby was 4 months old when we started using these and since she is not eating solids yet , the poop is pretty runny . The baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on . It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the Swaddlers from now on . Hope this helps someone wondering which to buy Swaddlers or Baby Dry , DEFINITELY go with the SWADDLERS !!
 I used to use the more expensive Pampers Cruisers but thought I 'd try the Baby-Dry to save some money . I bought a pack at a local store first to make sure the fit and performance was good . I liked them just fine . Nice stretchy tabs , much like the Cruisers . So I ordered from Amazon . I ordered three cases to take advantage of a promotion Amazon was running . But the diapers I received must be old stock , before Pampers put the `` flex '' stretchy sides on the Baby-Dry diapers . The older expiration dates on the Rewards code confirms this . Maybe they 've gotten rid of the old stock ; then those newer diapers would rate 4.5 stars . These non-flex diapers barely close to fit my baby whereas the flex ones were plenty big . It irks me that Amazon posts a picture of the `` flex '' diapers and delivers a different , inferior product .
 I love Pamper 's Swaddlers . I 've tried Huggies and both Pampers brands , and out of all of them Swaddlers are my favorite . That being said , the Baby Dry diapers are terrible . With Swaddlers you can adjust the fit , and the diapers are really soft . Baby Dry diapers feel like they 're recycled and and I really dislike the sticky waist straps . They 're shorter so you ca n't adjust the fit as easily , and the waist is always loose -- with a boy that 's a very bad idea because he tends to get his clothes wet through the TOP of the diaper instead of the sides now . I ca n't wait until we use these up because I will never buy Baby Dry again .
 I signed up for these with the subscription purchase because they were slightly cheaper than the Huggies . We are not happy with them at all . They do n't seem to hold as much , which is a problem for overnight . You also have to be careful how you position them on your child so they do n't leak . When I used swaddlers for my son as an infant , I thought this was a great brand , but the Baby Dry are definitely NOT of the same quality . We will continute to use these during the day until they are gone , but I will not by them again .
 This is my first time using Pampers . I 've used them consistently for almost a month . Is it just me or do they seem to be soaking wet ALL the time . I put them on my daughter and an hour later it 's soaked and needs to be changed . Unless I can them for free again , I would n't purchase again .
 I bought these for my 5 month old because I thought they would be as good as the Swaddlers since Pampers are the best diapers , but I was sadly mistaken . The Baby Dry diapers would leak after only 1 hour of being used . It seemed like the urine would be collected in the front by the turqoise lining , but once it was full , it would bubble up & leak . One night I had to change the crib sheets twice ... these diapers were a nightmare !!! Never again would I buy these .
 These diapers do not have a stretchy wastband . Poop frequently runs up my childs back !!! I will never use these diapers again because of all the extra laundry and mess they created for me .
 I have used pampers primarily since my son was born . THIS box has REALLY disappointed me !! More often than not the left side tab TEARS OFF as I am putting it on , which then makes the diaper USELESS !! I called pampers and they sent me a $ 5 coupon , BUT more than 50 of these diapers has been wasted !! I do n't think i will EVER order this again !!
 I do not recommend buying these . My son is 15 months and can only wear these about 2-3 hours before the diaper leaks and/or explodes open . The diapers have ripped open multiple times -LRB- even when the diaper is not even full -RRB- and all the absoprbent gel particles make a huge mess on our carpet . They do not work at night either . My son wakes up every morning drenched . Stay away from these ... However , Pampers Cruisers are great !
 its very bad diaper from Pampers . . It wont keep dry more than 2 hours . . during night i have to change my kids diaper 3 times . . thats being very worst thing.i bought new diaper for my kid . . i stop using this diaper . . i am totally unhappy with this pamper product .
 We found this diaper undependable . Leaky and ca n't take an average load -LRB- liquid or solid -RRB- . Difficult to manage the night shift , when his clothes and the sheets get wet.Prefer swaddlers any day .
 These diapers are simply awful . I mistakenly ordered 192 of them ! My poor son has woke up in the middle of the night absolutely soaked through . I will not purchase these again - sticking with the Cruisers from now on .
 I decided to try the cheaper Pampers Baby Dry instead of my usual Pampers Cruisers . I figured there could n't be much of a difference , but boy there sure was ! I HATE the Baby Dry diapers ! Every time my son urinates there is such a strong pee smell that I assume he has peed right through the diaper . However , I check him , and it 's not through the diaper - it just smells like it ! I ca n't stand that ! I 've never had a diaper perform like this one does . I WO N'T be ordering this kind again , that 's for sure !
 After reading the baby dry reviews , I bought a pack of 228 -- BIG MISTAKE ! They feel ultra soggy after 2 hours -LRB- the other brands do not -RRB- and I ca n't even go without changing her after her early morning feeding . When we do change her , it seems like the diaper is n't wicking the moisture away properly as she seems a little damp -LRB- yes , even after just 2 hours -RRB- . I 'm dissatisfied that the box says 12 hour protection , when it really maxes out at about 4 hours . Even my husband asked me why I bought the crappy brand :-LRB- We absolutely love the swaddlers and swaddlers sensitive -- they both make it through the night -LRB- anywhere from 8-12 hours -RRB- for my 3 month old daughter . I 'm a little disappointed in Pampers right now because we have loved all their other products , but now I feel like I 'm stuck with 200 + diapers that I paid for and probably wo n't use .
 I understand that you ca n't avoid leaks all the time - babies move and diapers can bunch or gape . But we are dealing with leaky diapers on a daily basis and the leaks are consistently up the back , not through the leg holes . When I looked at how Pampers are constructed I realized why my 5mo old has been soaked in pee every day since we started using `` Baby Dry '' diapers . -LRB- She is 15lbs and we have been using size 2 . -RRB- If you look inside the diaper the rectangular absorbent pad goes all the way up the front , but there is virtually no coverage in the back . So there is no protection for when my daughter is lying down ; the pee simply runs up the back and soaks her clothes and sheets . This is particularly irritating at night because she loses at least an hour of sleep for every leaky diaper because she has to be undressed , wiped off , and dressed so she is WIDE awake . -LRB- And you KNOW how precious that nighttime sleep is . -RRB- Maybe it 's different with male babies but I ca n't imagine anyone is getting `` 12 hour protection '' with these stinkers . Either the makers of Pampers think babies only pee when sitting up , or they have discovered a great way for us to have to buy more diapers .
 I keep trying Pampers . With my daughter , they leaked and did n't fit well . With my son , I have tried Baby Dry and Cruisers at different stages and still , they fit awful . The tabs feel cheap and they do n't stretch as well as Huggies . I give up on Pampers . Some store brand diapers fit and stretch better .
 My baby was extremely sore after using one of these diapers for just one day . I am sending my order back because of this . No wonder it was such a great price !
 This is the first time I ordered size 5 . It was a defective pack . The sides stick to the inside of the diaper when I try to open up the diaper to put it on my child . When I forcibly pull them apart , plastic is left on the area my daughters bum will be , as well as strands of plastic left hanging that I have to be careful to pick off so my child does n't get them . Hopefully it is just this pack . It still absorbs as Pampers usually do .
 My baby wakes up everyday with wet clothes in front ! Not something we have every had in the past 13 mo 's with other brand diapers . Would not buy these diapers again . The fabric is soft and the diaper is not stiff I do like the texture and overall feel but when the baby is waking up wet and mad this needs to be addressed . Defiently not Baby dry ! Overall not satisfied .
 Most of the diapers ' strap are glued to diaper itself such a way that you can not use those diapers . I am just throwing away lots of diapers without using it ...
 If your child has sensitive skin DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND . Our child suffered for 3 months with total body rash - we thought it was due to food allergies , but it was actually due to the diaper . Pampers use TOO MUCH DYE on the images on the diapers . The dye is totally unnecessary . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY , even more so , DON `` T SUBJECT YOUR BABY TO unnecessary CHEMICALS and ALLERGENS.TERRIBLE PRODUCT !!!!!
 I 've been using Amazon for years and this is the first time I 've left a comment because I hope that you wo n't waste your money like I did . I have 2 sons . My baby uses the Swaddlers and my toddler uses Cruisers . When Cruisers was unavailable online , I thought , the Baby Dry ca n't be that much different , they both are made by Pampers , right ? WRONG !! I have been washing wet bed sheets and pjs every single morning for 2 weeks since my toddler used the Baby Dry . It can not hold anything . I had my son pee in a clean Baby Dry standing straight , waited for a minute , then took the diaper off . The pee was dripping out from the diaper . It was the worst diaper we have ever tried . I heard that Pampers changed the Cruisers to be thinner as well . I am giving Huggies a try now . Though it was not as soft as Pampers , I have not need to wash the wet bed sheet or pjs for the past week . Now I have a big box of Baby Dry diapers sitting in my garage that I ca n't decided if I should donate ...
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I tried all the different diapers before converting to cloth pocket diapers . We used these Pampers for a few months before swearing off disposables completely . Pampers do n't hold leaks and are filled with so many chemicals that they gave my baby a rash . I felt horrible about using something that filled up the trash so fast !
 I figured for the price I 'd give pampers dry a chance and now I 'm incredibly disappointed with this product . I 'm not exactly why it 's called `` Pampers Dry '' since it does a horrible job at absorbing urine . On many occasions I 'd have to change my baby 's clothes simply because the urine has run up her back and wet her clothes along with my bedsheets.I 'm going back to Swaddlers !
 Terrible poop control . Spills right out the sides and back . Absorbent for urine only , would not recommend this product . Swaddlers are much softer , and much more absorbent , I have not had any spillage events with swaddlers .
 I know many people swear by Pampers and I did find their fit to be very pleasing BUT both of my children had significant allergic reactions to the light scenting added to these diapers . For parents of babies with sensitive skin these may not be the diapers for you .
 I like the price and quantity in the package but I 'm noticing now that they are holding up overnight . I 've recently changed to a more absorbent diaper at night .
 Every single night my 11 month old daughter would wet through these diapers and get her sheets completely wet ! HORRIBLE buy in my opinion !
 Our daughter is 6 months old and 19 lbs . She has been wearing these size 3 Pampers , and we wake up to exploded diapers many mornings , with little gel beads all over DD . I 'm switching to Huggies overnight , based on a co-worker 's recommendation .
 You can buy these cheaper at the babiesareus store -LRB- with mail/email coupons -RRB- Product itself is good , I am a pampers brand mom .
 I , like many other reviewers , fell into the trap of buying these because they were going for a great price . My son had been wearing Huggies size 3 , but I thought these might be worth a try . My husband and I now have a joke that our son has been crawling in the cobwebs again . These diapers fall apart and the fibers look like little spiderwebs hanging off his little bum . Sometimes we find our son plucking the `` webs '' off his diaper like someone plucking a chicken . I would not recommend these diapers , especially for active babies .
 I really want to like it . It is certainly better than the Huggies I bought before but the quality is no where close to the pamper 's cruiser we have been using . It is good if you knew you will change diaper frequently as it will hold just one pee then start to sag . I have n't run into any leaking issue yet as I now use it only when I knew my baby will not stay with it for long . We use it as temporary diaper that is why I still give it a two star rating . It is cheaper for more diapers , you get what you paid for .
 I used this diaper for my 2 year old and once she urinated in it once it would sag half way down her leg . Also when I used them at night come morning they would smell so bad that her pajama pants and even sheets smelled of urine . The only reason I 'm giving it 2 stars is because they never leaked even when very full .
 I have used a wide variety of diapers -LRB- Huggies , Earth 's Best , Target -RRB- and these by far are the poorest quality . They have a low threshold as far as how much liquid it can hold before they start to leak . My daughter wakes up completely wet whenever she is wearing Pampers , but not when she 's wearing another brand . In addition , the tape on these diapers is not great , so the diaper often comes undone by itself , which can create quite a mess at an inopportune time .
 I moved my daughter up from a size 1 Pampers Sensitive to the size 2 Baby Dry . The diapers are the exact same size . We have a blow-out every BM . I am so mad right now . How can the sizing be so off ? I am stuck with two big boxes now of diapers I can not use .
 I used pampers swaddlers then switched to baby dry to save money . To me there is no comparison . I have never had a leak with the swaddlers . Almost every time I have put my baby in the baby dry , particularly at night , she wakes up with a wet onesie . I thought that it might be a size issue -LRB- maybe they were too big -RRB- . But , I waited a couple of months and they are still leaking .
 These diapers crack and leak all over ! On the bright side however , baby never has a rash with these . So they keep her bum dry and her onesies soaked . hmmmm ... Is there a happy medium ?
 I 'm a first time mom of a baby boy . I 've tried many different kinds of diapers on my son . Pamper 's Baby Dry are the worst I 've used . They do n't hold much at all ! I 've been lucky and my little man sleeps through the night , but these diapers ca n't stand up to that -LRB- even when he was only 2 months old -RRB- ! Every night they leaked . I could n't stand it . I had to buy a different kind of diaper to use at night time until that package of baby dry was gone . My favorite diapers have to be either Pamper 's Swaddlers , or Huggies Supreme Natural Fit . The only thing is , the Huggies seem to run a little bit smaller than the Pampers .
 We have been using Pampers Cruisers , I got these by mistake . These are not anywhere near as good as the Cruisers .
 I love swaddlers , so after finally getting to the end of the initial stash of pampers from the baby showers etc , I started purchasing them . They cost more than other diapers , but oh well I was hooked.I got the grand idea in my head that &#34; Oh , baby dry ? they must work even BETTER than swaddlers , DRY is right in the name ! &#34; Wrong . In a swaddler my kid could pee 2-3x and no leakage . In the baby dry , I do n't know what it is about them , if she got to peeing a second time ? Good lord get that thing off of her quick or she 's going to leak or please no zues , oprah , or a tiny baby jesus , do n't let her poop because it IS coming out the back even if I have her in a size too big without the back rolled down.I ened up using these as Daycare diapers , because there she got changed ever hour -LRB- No worries , I usually check her ever 2 hours max or at the first whiff of poop at home but that was n't enough for baby dry -RRB- Not ever getting those things again and if they 're gifted I am regifting .
 I have solely been a pampers mom but after buying these I 'm thinking of trying something new.The diapers reeked of chemicals , very unhappy and very upset that I had 246 to go through . I will not buy diapers online again , at least not these .
 I tried to save a buck and get the baby dry instead of my usual swaddlers ... Big mistake , I have ruined a bunch of outfits because # 2 rides up the back of these.Penny wise pound foolish , spend the extra few bucks and get the swaddlers .
 People kept telling me to try Pampers because they hold a lot of pee . We primarily use cloth diapers and our cloth diapers work well for nighttime -LRB- 11 hours -RRB- but sometimes I just hate waking up to that ammonia stink . I decided to try some different kinds of disposables to see if I could find a brand that would work all night without a change . We tried Seventh Generation and Nurtured by Nature , and they work off and on . I thought I would finally give some Pampers a try and see if the package was right . It says these are good for 12 hours . Not for us ! They leak worse than the chlorine-free disposables and stink like powder . My son 's closet -LRB- where these are stored -RRB- now has a stinky powdery smell . Some people might like this smell , but to me it smells bad . I decided to use them up by using them during the day and they gave my son a horrible rash.Never . Again .
 I do n't know if this a &#34; 2nds &#34; product . When the same product was bought at Target , the fit was great , no leaking , no blowouts . When bought through Amazon ... nothing but problems . The only reason delivery continued is because I forgot to terminate it , then my baby was on to a different size .
 I normally buy Pampers Cruisers , I will not buy these again . They seem really cheap , plastic like , I do n't like the smell . Yuck , ca n't wait for the jumbo pack to be done !
 my son is 19 mos old , so at this point we have tried A LOT of different diaper brands - from target to bj 's to huggies to luvs to seventh generation to babies ` r ` us . we just started using pampers recently - this was only our 2nd box and i have just switched my subscription back to luvs because i 've had it with the constant issues i 've had with these . they are the most expensive brand out there and so i figured the quality would be top-notch . not the case AT ALL . i have never , repeat NEVER had diaper tabs instantly rip off on me , but it has happened no less than 6 or 7 times per box with these diapers , making them useless -LRB- i tried taping the remaining nub to the diaper just so as to not waste them , but it does n't hold -RRB- . we also had one of them bust open on us , spilling little gel balls aaaaall over my son 's room . i 've literally had issues with and had to throw out almost 15 diapers in just the past two months that we 've been using them - issues that i 've NEVER had with any other diaper brand over 17 months of use . they are truly horrible and way overpriced . the only plus that i can see with these is that they are thinner than the rest . that 's about it . back to luvs we go ...
 Hey guys.I love that these diapers are thin to start with and also holds a lot however I will not purchase again after these 2 boxes I recently ordered are finished . Here 's why : Although these diapers are thin & sits high on waist -LRB- so the strap does n't rub against sons thigh and cause bruising . . as occurred with the huggies brand -RRB- The BIGGEST fallback is that it is made up of silicone particles -LRB- the absorbent -RRB- in the diaper itself and when wet , if child runs around -LRB- like my VERY active toddler -RRB- then the diaper tears and the silicoe particles fall out the side.Today was the 5th time this has happened in the space of 2 weeks . I DO change his diapers frequently and now I do it even more than I did with the huggies in fear that the silicone will fall out and give him a rash or dirty the floor . It is a mess to clean up , there 's silicone ` powder ' everywhere.Tonight I 've pretty much had it with these diapers . My son -LRB- 19months -RRB- was running around kicking his ball and when it was time to change him , there was a big glob of silicone at the foot of his pants . Luckily he was wearing his thermal pants so the elastic band was very close fitting to his ankles and this is what kept the majority , not all , of the silicone within his pants and off the carpet.In summary . These diapers and thin and does not leak BUT these 2 factors do not make up for the huge downfall of having silicone particles all over the place . Thank God he has not gotten a rash from it as yet.I do not recommend this specific type -LRB- Baby dry -RRB- of pampers because I have not tried the other types from Pampers .
 I bought these daipers but they are not very absorbent . I got some from the hospital when We were discharged those daipers were awsome . I had the same problem with my first baby and I had t go find those pamper daipers from target . The price is very good on Amazon but I am not very pleased with the product . It doesnt absorb much and then the baby is wet and in winter changing clothes frequently for new born is not fun .
 The baby dry diaper is not as good as swaddlers for leakage proof performance . It leaks quite frequently from the back side . One reason may be that my baby has some gas issue . But the swaddlers worked much better to prevent leakage by adding thicker layer on the back . I should have bought it even with the little additional cost . So be warned if you do not want to wash baby cloth that often .
 I AM SO DISSAPOINTED WITH THE NEW BABY DRY DIAPERS . I have been using Pampers cruisers for my son and have rarely had any leakage . . Maybe an occassional leak which is not bad.I was happy with Pampers.I decided to give `` Baby Dry '' a try bcos it claimed to have a more absorbent core to prevent night time leaks.I am sooo disappointed . The core seems to be WAAAAAYYY inferior to the Cruisers core and leaks !! I started using them a few days back and my son has woken up atleast 5 nights crying bcos he was soaking wet !! : -LRB- This morning I was holding him and my shirt felt wet . The diaper was leaking and it went thru his clothes onto mine !! So its not just about night time leaks . So much for absorbent core to prevent night time leaks.I was better off with my tried and trusted Cruisers.NEVER HAD SUCH A BAD CASE OF LEAKS WITH CRUISERS ... WILL NEVER USE BABY DRY DIAPERS AGAIN.I hope Pampers is not dropping its quality : -LRB-
 At first we tried Pampers swaddlers , and they were great except that my baby developed a diaper rash when using them . We switched to Baby Dry , and the rash went away . However , they consistantly leaked whenever he was on his side while nursing . About 10 times I have ended up with a wet lap.Also , they do not fit very well , as they have no stretch around the waist . We switched to Huggies and they are wonderful . They have n't ever leaked and they stretch around the legs and waist .
 Every night we put our 1 year old in one of these diapers , and most mornings he wakes up not just leaky , but with the seams of the diaper opened up and the absorbent material all over his clothes and skin ! But since we bought so many we have had to keep using them and dealing with this disgusting problem day after day.They are fine during the day , when we change him fairly often . But during the 12 hour night time they are useless . Huggies leak too , but at least they do n't explode .
 I ordered several boxes of these and was very disappointed to find that these are not the improved `` flex '' kind . I only switched from cruisers to the baby dry because they were stretchy . Now I have several boxes of diapers that barely fit .
 My sister gave us a package of Pampers baby-dry diapers so we decided to try one on a recent diaper change . These diapers are awful ! The sticky -LRB- not velcro -RRB- tabs do n't stretch and the diaper does n't fit as well as Swaddlers and bunch up between the legs . Are these made from recycled paper ? Pampers Baby-Dry & LUVS are basically the same diaper since they are both made by Proctor & Gamble and are both bargin brands . Stick with Swaddlers , Cruisers , or Huggies .
 I wo n't use these again ! They kept falling apart and the gel crystals went everywhere ! They got all over my toddlers bed !!! I change his diaper every couple of hours , there is no way these could be used for 12 hours to keep your baby dry . I 'm never buying pampers again , horrible experience with these .
 I use Pampers during the day and have to switch to Huggies for our night diaper ... My son is 17 months and every other morning he wakes with a leaky diaper :o-LRB- Clothes soaked ... bed soaked ... I sent my last box back .
 I purchased the next size up for my son for nighttime . I have never had a leak this badly before where it went up his chest and sides . I 'm going to try the Huggies nighttime diapers .
 good price , but stupid shippingthey could n't deliver this item , and the order returned.they refunded only part of money and i paid and i lost all saved money of online order because of this unexpected returnyou should be careful when ordering something online
 Amazon says the delivery is within 24 hours for diapers when you look at the item.After placing the order , it always gives the shipping date atleast 2 to 3 weeks after palcing order . You child may go the next size by the time you receive the box.Please order the next size if you ever order diapers from Amazon .
 I got these diapers for my retarted uncle . He suffered a kick to the head from a horse at 15 when he was trying to shave his back end . Ever Sence my uncle has been unable to do basic bodly functions . So we put these on him after we hose him down . He just loves the feel on his chaped hairless hair . Saddly to say tho after a night with a hungry man meal my poor uncle blew the ass end out of these diapers ! The smell was terrable and my Dad had to get the hose and not only beat my uncle he also had to hose down our poor cat . I called up the manufactor trying to get them to pay for the damages . They refused !!!!
 We have been given Huggies , Luvs , and Pampers Swaddlers as gifts for our baby and so I feel like we have pretty much seen all the diapers that are on the market for a size 1 baby . I got to feeling creative one day at the store and picked these up because I had a coupon . I got the smallest number of them available and I am glad I did.To start , my baby hates having her diaper changed . But we have been using the Pampers Swaddlers and the Huggies Newborns on her , both of which are soft and flexible . And they fit her right . So when I open the package and see how scratchy and thin these are , I am skeptical but decided to try it out anyway . I put them on baby she screams her head off , louder and more violently than usual . And I honestly ca n't blame her . These crummy diapers do n't fit well either , big gap around the top of the diaper where her belly and diaper should `` seal '' . The first and only time she wore these , she got `` muddy '' and it rushed up and out the top of this diaper . I can not tell you how mad we both were and I went right back to the store to get my money back . They would n't take them so I tried donating them to a local group of twin moms and got no takers there either . That says a lot considering how many diapers a twin parent goes through in a day!These Baby-Dry diapers are HORRIBLE and I would not recommend to anyone , even on sale or with a coupon or FREE ! If I could put 0 stars I would . I hope that the Pampers Cruisers are as soft and cushiony as the swaddlers , otherwise I think we will be off Pampers when baby outgrows the size 2 Swaddlers .
 I 've been using the Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive for almost 6 months because my 22 month old kept getting bad rashes from Huggies Little Movers . I LOVED the swaddlers , but sadly , they only go up to size 4 and were getting much too small . So I just switched to Baby Dry and I am so unimpressed . Dry for 12 hours my ass ! Excuse my french , but seriously , these DO NOT stay dry for even close to 12 hours . Maybe if your kid never drinks water , milk , juice or any liquid for that matter , then you 're in the clear . Okay , I ca n't continue to down Pampers , because I do love them , but the Swaddlers & Huggies Little Movers held more pee than these . My child drinks a bottle of mixed milk & water at nap time . The Swaddlers always held all the pee for the entire duration of the nap . With the Baby Dry , I 'm scared I 'll have to change the sheets everyday ! Since I 've had these , -LRB- roughly one week , with maybe 6-8 diaper changes a day -RRB- , they have leaked 50 % more of the time than any other diaper I 've used . I recommend using Huggies Goodnights at night time , they are warriors ! The only thing I really love about Baby Dry is , the diapers are softer than Huggies and very thin . But I 'd rather them be thick and hold more pee ! Oh well . . time for another diaper switcharoo !
 I use these for my son , at night since he is potty trained during the day ! He has woken up wet , WAY too many times , which means he is wet AND his bed ! This has NEVER happened with Luvs ... they are SOO much better of a diaper and cheaper too ! All pamper has going for them is their name !
 I decided to try these diapers instead of the swaddlers to save a few dollars . Needless to say that was a mistake . They claim to keep baby dry for up to 12 hours . My little one ca n't use these to sleep through the night -LRB- 6 hours -RRB- . I do n't recommend these at all . Spend a few extra dollars on the swaddlers , you 'll make your money back on the $ saved on extra laundry they cause because they leak .
 I decided to buy this over the cruisers since i 'd save a few dollars and get a few extra diapers at the same time . Unfortunately , this diaper would fall apart in my hands as I opened it to put it on my son . In addition , my son would leak . So i decided to go back to the cruisers and have been happy since . No more leaky diapers .
 I buy these diapers through subscribe and save , so they come out at reasonable price . BUT the quality is not good enough . My daughter is a pretty good pooper and these diapers spil all the time ! I have to change her clothes or wash sheets and mattress cover every day ! The money I save on diapers i spend on detergent , energy and water.Huggies are so much better !
 I thought these would be great for my wee one , I have been using swaddlers and loved them . After just a short time everything was wet and damp eww gross gross gross gross . So I will use what I have left and move on to another style and if they do n't work too well i will move on to another brand .
 Worst Diapers ever !! I 've been using these diapers for three days and they have been nothing but stress to me . These diapers truly leak even if they are not full . The material that they are made of tear very easily if I even carry my 22 month old daughter the wrong way . I was completely dissatified when I used them when she was a size 3 , and I 'm upset that I allowed myself to buy these again . They were only a few cents cheaper than the Huggies Snug and Dry which do n't leak at all . I used to have great respect for Pampers but I refuse to waste my time with the company to call and complain . I am embarassed to give these to someone , and will end up just donating them .
 These have to be the worst diapers I have ever bought ! Waste of money , useless at night , they leak and smell after being worn for just a short period of time . Seventh Generation are by far the best I 've used and will continue to do so , do n't know what I was thinking buy these
 These are terrible for night use . We used them at night for a week , and they leaked at least half of the nights . Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive are much better .
 I generally order stuff from amazon and diapers and baby wipes are sure from amazon . This packaging was complete waste . Almost 50 % of diapers that came had faulty belt . One of the sticker belts of the diapers wouldnt stick at all . Which caused more that 50 % wastage .
 I bought the XL case of Pampers Baby dry in size 3 and after only 5 diapers my son has a horrible rash on his entire back where the diaper touches.My son 's skin is not sensitive and we have used Pampers swaddlers , Hugggies Snugglers , Huggies Snug n Dry , Parents Choice and Comforts -LRB- kroger -RRB- brand and he has never had any issue.now I am stuck with this XL case of diapers .
 It seems virtually impossible to just contact Amazon and tell them there was a problem with my order without writing a review or packing up the diapers in the huge box , printing out a mailing label and returning them . The diapers I 've been ordering monthly -LRB- Subscribe and Save -RRB- for a long time came and when I opened the plastic packing , they appeared to have been pre-wet . They had that crunchy , beady texture that diapers get when they are exposed to water . Of course , the whole reason I have them on order monthly is because I need them regularly and these came just in time -- I had run out of diapers . I have 3 kids , 3 and under and I ca n't easily get to the store to get more diapers so I had to use these gross diapers on my daughters AND now I have to return them to get a refund ?? Something is broken with this system .
 These diapers literally FALL APART at night . Even with my son who has a pretty servere case of urine reflux -LRB- not all his urine fliters out -RRB- and these diapers decingrate -LRB- sp -RRB- This morning I spend almost 30 minutes trying to clean off the little gel balls of the diaper material off my son and changing table !! So if you have a baby that can sleep through the night and you do n't want to spend 30 minutes at the changing station , spend a couple extra dollars and buy the pampers extra protection , or HUGGIES !!!
 I am a amazon customer since Aug2010 but i never had this kind of experience that my account is charged several times in a month and same product is dumped into my home.When check with the customer care they are saying i might hit the button several times so my subscription duplicated and hence i am receiving the same product multiple time.I do n't know how it is possible.Finally i am able to cancel my account.So be care full when you are subscribing and check you account -LRB- credit/debit -RRB- attached to the subscription frequently .
 We used Pampers sensitive swaddlers for my son but by the time he was size 3 they did not work . The swaddlers did n't have good protection and he would poop out of them . We decided to try baby dry . They are awful every diaper he either pees or poops out of . Now I am constantly washing his clothes and going through at least 3 outfits a day . I am really not happy with Baby Dry . I loved Pampers but a friend of mine told me she had same problem with the larger sizes of Pampers and had to switch to huggies . : -LRB-
 These diapers are dangerous and should be on recall . Pampers should be sued and put out of business . I was so surprised to find out that the extreme rash problem with my twin girls -LRB- yeah both of them -RRB- was caused by these diapers . I say this because since birth I have used Pampers and up until my daughters started using size 4 there was no diaper rash let alone this severe.I am disgusted that I failed to recognized the source of the problem earlier , but that just goes to tell you how much faith in the Pamper name we as parents had . I have no idea what is the difference between size 4 and the lower sizes , but I will NEVER buy a Pamper product again.My girls had such extreme diaper rash that they bled . We kept on blaming it on the heat and the baby wipes and even the diaper rash cream . We must have 10 different types of diaper rash cream in the house.Believe me when I say that in this size -LRB- size 4 -RRB- the diaper is different , they did something , added/switched/deducted some ingredient.I do n't know if the reviews for this diaper that received 5 stars are reviewing the size 4 or other sizes but they should allow this particular size to be reviewed by itself.Read all the one star review , almost everyone had the same problem . Over 100 reviews regarding diaper rash.Don ' t let the low price allow you to buy this dangerous product . I will be contacting Pampers directly as well as Amazon to inform them about this problem , in which I 'm sure they both already know about , because I 've seen reviews of Pamper representatives.BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Big mistake buying these diapers . Baby dry technology does not work apparently - got several leaks . Will get Dry Max next time .
 We 've been getting Pampers Baby Dry from a Wholesale club for a while now , with no problems -LRB- my son is 13 months , in size 4 -RRB- . I saw the price on Amazon and with the 30 % off , it was a great deal . However , when the box arrived the diapers smelled AWFUL -- chemical-like . I gave them a day to air out , which they did , but in the next few days of using them my son has developed a terrible diaper rash . He has only had tiny rashes 3-4 times in the past , but this one is continuous and awful-looking . We are discontinuing use of these particular ones immediately , and going back to the Wholesale club . I do n't think it 's Baby Dry , per se , but the shipment that Amazon has . It really upsets me that they would offer inferior diapers at such a reduced price -- they need to be tossed and NEVER touch a baby 's skin .
 Now it is 6:00 am , Saturday . I 'm so mad and just find this page to write this review . Yesterday was the second day we use Pamper Baby Dry and we yielded 4 dirty clothes and 2 dirty sheets in last 24 hours . Baby Dry leak terribly !!! It is soooo frustrated to change sheet and cloth at 5am in the weekend.Our baby is 15 days old and 9 and a half pounds today . Never got any problems using other NB or Size1 diapers.I bought a large pack of Baby Dry -LRB- 252 counts , size 1 -RRB- . There are still about 240 left . For the last ~ 10 pieces Baby Dry we used , Half of them leaked . Need to figure out of a way to get rid of them .
 Tried pampers for the first time and it was size 5 . It 's very Thin and most of the time it leaks from the side when she poops .
 Pampers that I bought online are very poor quality than that are purchased from stores.Pampers Baby Dry Diapers Economy Pack Plus Size 4 192 Count-Jhansi
 If we do n't change the diaper at least every 3 hours , there is a spill . So every morning when our daughter wakes up we have to wash everything in her bed . The jell in the diapers gets saturated so easily . Some of the jell has actually leaked out and given our daughter a break out on her tummy and legs . Not to mention everything else she has leaked on . The swadlers were the best . I should have just sticked with them .
 The price was Great butThis was completely different from what I 'm used to . The diapers look different . And ever since I used one . . My baby suffers deA horrible rash . His skin peals off and it has gotten worst over time .
 This diaper is OK during the day . It is very thin , flimsy , feels really cheap , but it is sufficient to hold a medium-size mess during the day . However , it leaked all over every single night no matter what we tried . I would actually test different diapers every night , and this one would always have the most leaks all over . Cruisers did a bit better , Huggies did as well -LRB- actually as bad -RRB- as Cruisers ... but , still there were leaks every night ! If you are used to Swaddlers , be ready for a huge disappointment ! This diaper can not be used overnight . Our boy is 13 months and 24 lbs , and is long . Even tried a size bigger as it was suggested . Had to go back to Swaddlers ... size 4 -LRB- sensitive-the only type of Swaddlers in 4 -RRB- and no more leaks ! There are never any leaks with Swaddlers !!! Pampers Baby Dry is the worst Pampers diaper I have ever used !!
 My 5 month old never had diaper rash until she started using the Pampers baby dry -LRB- size 1 -RRB- she does n't even sleep for more than 4 hours at a time so she never sat in a diaper for much longer than that . I would never buy these again . In fact , we have tons leftover and I 'd rather waste the money than subject my baby to them .
 It gets soggy in no time and leaks out big time . The product has lost its quality . I will never buy it again .
 I have been using Baby Drys -LRB- via Amazon Mom -RRB- on my now 11 mo old for several months with no problems . There has been either an unannounced product change or a problem with this batch of diapers , as my child developed a severe diaper rash . The doctor confirmed it was a contact rash and the only recent change is this new box of diapers . Unfortunately , we 'll be switching brands for at least the time being.Despite this problem , Amazon 's customer service was great and promptly issued a refund for this product . I was pleased with the service .
 Diaper did n't last through the night . My 2 year old woke up multiple times needing to be changed -LRB- totally unusual for him -RRB- . The gel beads inside the diaper became really cold when wet and the diper completely ripped open , allowing the wet , cold gel beads to spill all over the place . I 'm going back to my normal pampers and just getting the next size up -- hopefully that works .
 The diapers are super absorbent and do a great job . Half way through the bag , we noticed that the sticky tabs were n't sticky . The diapers were n't staying on . This could just be a bad batch of diapers with no sticky , but for the cost of diapers , I am not going to take a change on buying another set of diapers . We are sticking with the Pampers Cruisers - love them !
 Since my daughter started sleeping on her belly she would wake up every night in the middle of the night with her clothes all wet . So I tried this diaper and now instead of getting all wet once a night , it 's been happening twice a night . It 's worse than regular diapers and the bottom coverage is not wide enough for a baby 's bottom -LRB- my baby is not big , she 's in the 50th percentile -RRB- .
 These leak every single day ! Please avoid and save yourself money , time , misery and agony.We committed the mistake of buying a big pack .
 We used the Pampers Swaddlers -LRB- NB and Size 1 -RRB- prior to these . I ordered these thinking they were the next in the Size 2 line ; however , our baby is constantly leaking and smells like pee immediately after a diaper change . We are going to switch back to the swaddlers and hope that solves the issue . They may cost a little more , but hoping they keep our daughter dry . Since she is only 13 pounds , there was no need to move her to size 3 as someone recommended . I would think twice before ordering the Baby Dry .
 I am very unhappy with these diapers . I usually purchase Pampers Cruisers but this was such a good deal and being named BABY DRY ! They leak everynight !!
 My review comments apply to Amazon 's shipping rather than the product itself . I recently subscribed to Amazon Mom and was rudely surprised to see that my regular two day shipments have started taking almost 10 days to arrive !! I wish Amazon would let us know in advance that they would be stopping the two day free shipping that came with the prime membership , if we enroll ourselves in Amazon Mom . Very disappointing indeed !
 not so great . She wanted to take it off every 2 seconds and it was a headache . I will be trying same brand different method .
 When my baby did # 2 they always leaked . I switched to pampers swaddlers and they are perfect . I ordered these by mistake to begin with .
 Pampers Cruisers are the better of the Pampers diapers . I would not recommend this particular type , as they leak . Still better than most ...
 I 've been using Amazon Mom for a while now and I love the service . I 've also been trying out various types of diapers since my little guy was born . We brought home Pampers from the hospital and they seemed to be just fine . Since then , we 've used Huggies , Kirkland -LRB- Costco -RRB- brand , and Luvs , too . And , honestly , I did n't have a problem with any of those three . I stopped buying the Costco brand when Amazon.com started beating their price with the Amazon Mom program.I 've had a huge box of Pampers sitting in my closet for almost a month and since we just ran out of the last shipment , I finally opened these up . I 've been using them for a week and I am thoroughly disappointed in these diapers . They feel and look great , but my baby has leaked each time I 've put him down in these . EACH TIME . Granted , he is a bigger guy and drinks 10-12 ounces a meal now , but come on . Even during a two hour nap he wakes up in wet clothing and yet another sheet change for me . And we simply did n't experience this with any other diaper we 've tried . I ca n't explain it , but I 'm so frustrated that we 've had to change him twice as often and are burning through this box of diapers . Pampers are the most expensive diapers out there and they have just been nothing but a pain . We stopped attempting to use these at night and have been using Huggies Overnights with great success.After this box is used up we 're going back to Luvs or Huggies . I 'm going to change my Subscription right now . : -LRB-
 After getting a box of these diapers -LRB- all defected -RRB- , Amazon 's great customer service replaced the box with Luvs . The diapers also tend to sag and leak . I really do not recommend them to any mom and I know I would n't purchase them again !
 The price was great for my twin grandsons . After a month both babies developed a severe rash from the baby dry diapers . Other Mom 's have said the same thing . Now they have switched to Huggies .
 These pampers leaked , one out of five times.Makes changing them much harder.I do not recomend this product to anyone .
 We had experience using the Pampers Swaddlers and thought that we would try the Dry . My son is almost 20lbs and these days he likes to roll around a lot . These diapers have poor absorbancy and they are constantly leaking . I am very careful whenever I put diapers on . The Velcro must meet each other in the front and I make sure everything fits securing around the back , legs and hip . These diapers will do it 's job during the day time . But during the night time -LRB- when my son sleeps on his tummy off and on -RRB- , they will leak . Every morning when I go change these , the pee is up to this chest . I have to change his clothes every single morning . Extremely frustrating.Prior to using these , I was using the Kirkland -LRB- Costco -RRB- size 3 ones which was actually doing a fantastic job . Me being curious and always trying to find something a little better , decided to try Pampers Dry . Ca n't wait until the package is done , then I will for sure go back to Kirkland .
 As another reviewer has mentioned , Pampers has changed the design . We also hate the new design , but Amazon has the old design in stock . There 's unfortunately no difference at all in the box or product labeling , so I suppose what you get is open to chance .
 these diapers are basicly the same as a size 1 but the problem is that you ca n't get something comapable to a size 2 , I ordered size 3 after these no longer fit and the things are huge and constantly leak . hope pampers sees this and goes back to old sizing because pampers are the best for leaks etc but this stupid 1-2 combo is insane !!!
 I have two main complaints :1 . These are not as absorbant as the pampers swaddlers , and since it 's a diaper , that 's pretty much its main task . I did n't experience any liquid leakage , but solids were problematic . Any more detailed description will probably prevent this review from being published ... 2 . These diapers do not have the wetness indicator lines that are found on the swaddlers . I did n't realize that those lines were so useful until I subscribed to these -LRB- used to get them at Target -RRB- . Anyway , these two reasons are sufficient for me to cancel my subscription after two shipments.This review is by no means related to Amazon 's subscription and shipping service . I think Amazon does a fantastic job with that . All shipments arrived before the stated arrival dates with no problems at all !
 Summary
 Its not what is expected . I really did ` nt like Pampers Baby dry.I have been using Pampers Swaddlers dry max since my baby was born . I had no problem with it . It was really soft and feels good . But comparatively Pampers Baby dry is not good . It looks like plastic.By seeing the price i ust got fooled . . So Beware before purchasing this product .
 I am a long-time Pampers buyer and have never had a complaint before , but my latest batch of baby dry must be either defective or a new design . The tabs tear off of the diaper with the tiniest amount of force . Which means as I 'm diapering my wiggly baby , I sometimes go through three diapers before I get one on that stays intact . Very frustrating for such an expensive product . Never had this experience with this brand with my older children , so have to assume Pampers is cutting corners .
 Now I am sitting on a big box of diapers that do n't even fit my daughter anymore . Very disappointing since I thought that this would be a good deal .
 My oldest usually does good with her cruisers so I figured why not when i bought these for my youngest ! Every 30 minutes she 'd be soaked and on top of that , everytime she pooped she had blowouts ruining about 5 of her sleepers . I do not blame Amazon for this , but NEVER in my life will I buy babydry again !
 This is the worst diaper I ever tried . I used the fisher price brand or luvs , I saw this on sale and was mislead by the 12 hour overnight protection advertisement which turns out to be more like2 hours . Maybe that was a typo LOL . Seriously this is not worth a dime and do n't waste your money you will be wiping poop and peep of the floor in no time . They are no match for my 20 months old daughter
 Pampers changed their diapers and added a new material -LRB- or substance -RRB- that I can only guess is suppossed to absorb moisture . It is TERRIBLE !!! It has given my littlt guy the worst diaper rash . The first box of diapers I received was great . The fit was perfect and they were identical to the ones in the hospital . The next box was totally different with that new strip and they are just awful . Do not buy them unless they are without the strip -LRB- will be white in color and just have Sesame characters -RRB- . The ones with the strip are blue with sesame characters .
 The diapers were great . I made the mistake of signing up so Amazon would send me diapers every month . I canceled , because my child is know potty trained . Amazon still charged me for the month of October and I have been trying to get them to fix it for 5 days . Everyone keeps saying that my card did not get charged when it did . I ca n't find anyone that can take care of my issue and Customer Service does not seem to care .
 These diapers are TERRIBLE . I bought them , hoping that they would keep my daughter nice and dry all night long when she sleeps for 12 hours . When she woke up in the morning , her sleeper was wet and her skin was very wet as well , inside the diaper . The diaper did not keep her dry like it claimed it would . Her Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers kept her way drier then this diaper ! When she wears those all night , they soak up everything and her skin is still pretty dry the next morning . I will never use Baby Dry again .
 When my son wheres Pampers , the poop always rides up his back . I am very disappointed in these diapers and ca n't believe all the positive reviews . I gave it 2 stars because it does hold in pee alright for 3-4 hours max . These diapers do n't perform as well as Huggies Snug & Dry .
 I got these diapers because I had a coupon . Big mistake . It felt like it took forever for me to get through this one pack of diapers . I almost threw them out completely . They have hardly ANY tabs on the size so they are too tight on my little one . They are also pretty scratchy and not at all soft.I think the best diapers on the market are the swaddlers made by the same company .
 Diapers are Pampers , so they work as well as any diaper . Except , that I prefer Safeway brand diapers because they hold overnight and are slightly bigger than Pampers . But , the price is comparable to Amazon.com . Delivery , on the other hand was horrible ! Box was totally ripped , torn and almost all the diapers were exposed . Deivery by UPS and I took a pic . Very disappointed Amazon did n't put box into another to protect the cheap box the diapers are orginiall packaged in .
 Great price for this product , but it caused both of my kids to have rashes . I ended up going out and buying another kind to mix with them so the rash would subside enough that we could use the diapers without wasting money and having to throw them away . These also do n't have elastic in the back waistband of the diaper ... another really nice feature in other brands .
 I began using these diapers for my newborn , but was sorely disappointed to find that the diaper offered little protection for anyone holding my baby when she had a poo . Perhaps she is oddly shaped causing the diaper to fit poorly ; however , she seems perfectly normal to me , so I am guessing it is the fault of the diaper . Every poo was a blow-out !
 When DD was first born I used Pampers Sensitive and I absolutely loved it . I 've tried Costco brand , Pampers , and Huggies . I thought I would go back to Pampers since I had such a good experience with it . This Baby Dry line just doens ' t work for us . The diaper feels overly moist after she goes number 1 , and it does n't actually seep through , perse , but it feels a little moist and it 's not a very pleasant feeling . But one pro is that it 's thin so it 's very portable . Other than that it was a big BUMMER for us : -LRB-
 If you like smelling pee all day long , buy these diapers . Do n't get me wrong , I love pampers . I love Pampers swaddlers . We have been huge fans since day one in the NICU with the micro preemie pampers that were smaller than a credit card and still too big.Yes , these hold in the pee but good lord you smell it . With technology in diapers , spend a few more dollars and go with the swaddlers . If you buy them on amazon with the prime membership you 'll get a better deal .
 At your peril let your child fill one of these diapers eg during a long overnight sleep or nap ... The diapers literally explode and you will find bits of soaked absorbent material all over the place . These are not as absorbent as other leading brands and when they are wet they also feel wet on the outside . I expected so much more from pampers
 We prefer the Swaddlers ! Much more roomy - big difference between these and the Swaddlers . We wo n't order these again !
 I was really unhappy using these , they leaked badly many times.In the past I have used the Pampers Cruisers and was very happy with them.I now buy Huggies little movers since I feel those are the best diapers around .
 I ordered these before our son was born . At the time , I did n't know the difference between the swaddlers and the baby dry . Well , I learned the hard way as these leak like CRAZY . I can not convey how truly awful these are . Please spare yourself the pain and do n't get these diapers . Baby dry is awful .
 These diapers have a weird high-cut fit , and our 21/2 year old has peed through them ENORMOUSLY both of the first two nights he wore them . Wet down to his feet . They just do n't seem to have enough absorbency for the job .
 I have been using these diapers for both of my girls for years . My last Subscribe and Save box landed on my doorstep last week and my 15 month old daughter has had welts and red hot rashes on her diaper area ever since . I hope that this does n't happen to anyone else and that whatever has changed is fixed quickly . For now I will switch to Seventh Generation.Last week I received my box on my doorstep and due to the new frustration free packaging , could n't open the box with my hands anymore due to all the tape on top of the box . This makes it a bit of a frustration , instead of less .
 I bought these after reading tons of reviews and not realizing the HUGE difference between the Baby Dry and Swaddlers or the Sensitive Pampers . The Baby Dry ones are horrible ! They are rough and hard and do not stretch AT ALL , not to mention my son poops up the back of them about every other day . So if you are debating between these and swaddlers/sentive pampers go with one of those they are so much more absorbent and softer !
 I bought this product because it was less expensive than the Pampers Cruisers and I thought it might a comparable product . WRONG !! Simply picking up the product , you can tell it is n't made as well and has a more plastic feel to it . I only gave it 1 star because I could n't give it a `` 0 '' . By the next day , my son had a diaper rash like none I have ever seen . My husband and I have practically had to hog-tie him to put ointment on his bottom or even bathe him . He even cried when he was sitting . We switched back to Cruisers and he is healing , thankfully , but still has marks two weeks later . We will NEVER buy this product again . Do not walk , RUN from this product .
 We used Pampers swadlers and loved them . When we switched to size 4 we decided on Pampers Baby Dry . What a mistake ! Every morning we woke up to our son completely wet . These diapers do not hold enough water !
 The baby dry diapers are terrible ! I 'm so glad I did n't buy them . I received them as a shower gift . They have a plastic duct tape feel to the top portion and they left my son 's skin very moist . He literally had urine sitting on his skin when I opened his diaper . NOT my idea of a good diaper . I stick to Pampers Swaddlers or Pampers Cruisers , depending on which size you are using .
 I usually love Pampers , but the Baby Dry Pampers really irritated my little boy 's skin . He did n't have any leaks but the angry red marks on his skin negated the leak free aspect . If your baby 's skin is n't super sensitive , these would be great but if your little one has sensitive skin , skip these and go for the Swaddlers .
 I bought these diapers not realizing that they were the baby dry . I usually use the swaddlers and I love them . So when I noticed these ones were different I thought it would be okay . No way !!! I used about 5 diapers and my 2 month old son blew out of every single one ... keep in mind we have never had any blow outs before . So I definately would never recommend these diapers to anyone . Now I am stuck with 270 diapers I will never use ... ugh
 These are ok diapers for daytime use . We have blowouts almost everytime we use them overnight . My son is 22 months old , so it 's not like he has runny newborn poop anymore . I do n't even let him wear these for naps anymore because they just do n't work that well for sleep . They are very `` paper-y '' feeling compared to cruisers , which I could tolerate if they worked better . Once I finsh the rest of these I will not be purchasing them again .
 In general I like Pampers items and quality . But the Baby Dry version I seem to have a lot of leaks .
 it is small and uncomfortable . it can not compare with cruiser , not even Haggie .
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I like these diapers , however , my son gets severe diaper rash with the pampers brand so we use Huggies and there is no rash . The best Huggies are the supremes , worth every extra penny .
 The quality difference between this and Pampers Cruisers is just amazing . We hate these diapers . I 'd actually buy store brand before buying this . You get a few less diapers when you buy Pampers Cruisers but it is well worth it to get them instead !
 Do n't buy these !!! I have always used Pampers diapers , and think they are far superior to other brands . Until , that is , I tried these Baby Dry diapers ! They leaked like crazy ! Not onece or twice , but every time I used them ! If I did n't change the baby IMMEDIATELY after them getting wet , it would soak straight through the diaper and wet her clothes ! NEVER had a problem like that with the Cruisers ... I still have an almost full package of Baby Dry because I got sick of changing clothes constantly from the leaks ! I will never buy these again -- only Pampers Cruisers from now on !!!
 Was hoping pamers would be more quality then the huggies that we normally use . But these diapers are total disappointment for us . We never want to use them for our baby at nights which leaks up and wets his bed .
 I used Pampers sensitive diapers since my baby was born . As she grows and sleeps longer through the night , I was thinking maybe this Max Dry diaper will give her even better comfort . Yet , to my surprise , it did n't . Moreover , it leaked multiple times that I had to changed her from inside out . So I returned the rest of the package and continued using my previous Pampers Sensitive ones.By the way , I never receive any partial refund on this return package !
 I 've had to throw at least 6 onesies because of the leakage riding up my sons back :-LRB- awful my next attempt is to try pampers swaddles while he still fits into their size . Hopefully they work out since there are many good reviews .
 These pampers are not good quality as compared to same brand product available on any other retailer store . The problem with these pampers are the poor absorption and also the velcora waist is not good quality . I would not recommend for future buy .
 I do n't often write reviews but I feel I need to . I have twin girls and have found that everytime I use Pampers they leak . The sizing is correct based on the label but they do not absorb enough through the night . I have had to change sheets many times . I do not find this happens with other diapers and Pampers are expensive .
 These pampers were the worst , my son was soaked . Every nightI Switched to o overnight ones which are great , no leaks
 The quality of these diapers just does n't compare to Huggies . They do n't hold up overnight for my 18 month old . I 'm just sorry I bought 192 of these diapers !
 I was shocked at how poor these diapers were for a name brand . My 2 year old would constantly pee through these after being in one for only an hour ! The Target diapers and the Huggies work much better for my son .
 I bought many times pampers but this product seems to me particular bad . The pad in the middle is so thin that does n't hold much urine . Stay away from this one !
 Decided to try these as a cheaper alternative to Earths Best diapers . Since I read they do n't have Drymax , I thought it would be okay to use . Within the first day of use , my child started getting a reddish rash . It went away as soon as we stopped using these . My feeling is that it is due to the blue colored absorbent material and/or the scent . I did not realize the diapers had a scent , since I was used to the EB diapers .
 I bought these based on the reviews and the price . Big mistake . I only get 6 hrs of `` dry '' time before my little one soaks through his clothes and leaves a big wet spot on the bed .
 I have two girls and a boy , when my daughters were in diapers I always used huggies , but when my son was born they did not keep him dry through the night so I switched to Pampers Baby Dry because that was the type of diaper that claimed to be best for boys , but it is not , my son leaks through all over his clothes and the person holding him and the diaper itself is nearly dry . It is as though the diaper can not absorb the pee fast enough . I would not recomend this product .
 We bought this baby dry I think this is great mistake done by me . Its getting wet so soon . Before we were using cruisers but we thought why do n't we try this once . Never ever buy this pampers baby dry .
 They leak , they do NOT hold my daughter over through the night , they do not hold in the poop , they are thin and useless , and are loose around the leg after only an hour of wear . I opted for these instead of Huggies because I got a great deal on them ... I 'll never make that mistake again !
 use it as not using , the diaper even broke on the side ... . never buy it again !!!!! it make skin rash , . babd bad bad !!!
 i used ordered these because i thought they might have the netting in it and i heard those were good but they arnt they have like sand or something . they are just too bulky and i got size 2 because pampers cruisers size 3 were pretty big but these were too small . sxo i had to change her ALOT multiple times during the night so i gues i shoulda got a smaller pack to try out then to just go crazy and order the HUGE BULK lol but thats my fault . i like the pampers cruisers VERY SOFT . and nice .
 Some of the diapers in the box had a strange stain on them ! Had to throw them out . What a waste . LM for Amazon to provide a refund .
 Well these diapers are ok as far as soaking capacity goes and I did n't have any problem with leaks . Size is pretty accurate as well.My problem with these diapers is the green color on the inside -LRB- that touches baby 's skin -RRB- , with strong chemically smell . We got Pampers at hospital as well , and they had similar smell . But green on these makes them even more unappealing . After having used other brands and cloth diapers for a long time , I just could n't get past the smell and decided to cancel my subscription .
 The baby dry diapers left a rash on my baby . Not a diaper rash another kind of rash . I will never use these again .
 I used Pampers Baby Dry for my 2-year-old daughter with no problems . I started my youngest daughter on Swaddlers after she was born and when she started having leaks , we switched to Pampers Baby Dry diapers . They seemed okay at first , but then the leaks started again . She would leak out of the legs and would have blowouts out of the back . It was very frustrating for me . I know that the same diapers do n't work for all babies , and this was the case for us ! We 're now using Target 's Up & Up diapers with no issues !
 I love Pampers products and bought these with complete confidience but I was extremely disappointed.These diapers are awful , they do not hold anything and they caused my daughter to have a rash . I only wish I had bought Cruisers .
 First time I 've ever bought the Pampers brand and it was indeed a waste of money . I bought size 2 for my baby girl who is 131/2 pounds at almost 4 months old . The old size 1 's from Target were getting a little snug . The Pampers diapers fit her well but she leaks everywhere at night . We are talking after only 6 to 8 hours of sleeping though . Not the 12 hours Pamper guarantee 's . I am so upset with these diapers that I will be calling Pampers myself and doing a product complaint . I 'm not one to complain and I 've never written a review in my life but I felt I had to warn other parents.I have to change her twice in the middle of the night -LRB- when she wakes up for feedings -RRB- so she is n't soaked through by morning . I 'm pretty sure I 'm not doing anything different then other parents out there . My daughter is exclusively breastfed and pees just like any other baby . Also during the day it seems she only pees once or twice and the diapers look like they 're going to leak.I did subscribe and save with these diapers and I cancelled my subscription . I will be contacting Amazon back to return the second shipment I received . I ordered two boxes at once , lesson learned .
 We have always used Pampers for our little boy , despite the price , with great results . When I saw the lower price on the Baby Dry , I was thrilled to pieces and thought it would be a great buy . These are the worst diapers we have ever put on our child . I have to change him much more frequently , I have seen more `` soak through '' episodes -LRB- the best was on my lap , in the middle of church -RRB- , and he is clearly uncomfortable , pulling the diaper away from his skin . We have never had a problem with Swaddlers or Cruisers -- I say , stick with these .
 I was using swaddlers -LRB- pampers yellow box -RRB- and then decided to try these baby-dry -LRB- pampers green box . My 5 month old is in a size 2 but when I ordered size 2 in the baby-dry they were to small even though she was still in the weight range -LRB- 15lbs -RRB- they give on the box . So my advise is that the baby-dry pampers run small .
 I have been usage the Size 2 for my son and he is still breastfeeding and so his BMs are still pretty runny . These diapers were terrible ! - the poop leaked straight THROUGH the diapers - not leaking out the sides - THROUGH ! That meant that there was no way that he could stay clean through a BM ! Which is very annoying .
 My kids both wore Pampers . The last few times I 've bought Pampers for my youngest they fall apart so easily . He does n't even wear them that long before he has stringy diaper hanging off . I tried to chalk the first box off as maybe its a defective box or that he is so active . But after 3 boxes I know longer believe it . It does n't leak , but just seems to fall apart -LRB- hard to describe -RRB- no matter if he 's worn them for 5 min or longer . I ca n't wait until he is fully potty trained so he wo n't need them anymore . I am very disappointed
 The fragrance on this product is egregiously intense . In fact , I tried to air twenty of them out in a closed room and the air in that room over a matter of days would make you light headed and naseus . Do n't buy them !
 Pampers are actually an okay brand of diaper , however I put one on my daughter with sensitive skin -LRB- and eczema -RRB- and she immediately broke out in a rash in every area the diaper touched ! I could not use the rest of the package and the rash took several days to go away . If your baby has sensitive skin at all , stay away from Pampers . Huggies work best .
 I tried these diapers b/c my daughter 's diaper was leaking at night , and these were the worst of all of the diapers I tried . They even leaked during the day.If you have nighttime diaper leaks , try going up a size and buying Pampers Swaddlers or Cruisers instead!Pampers Swaddlers , Size 2-3 -LRB- 14-22 Lbs -RRB- , Economy Plus Pack , 152 SwaddlersPampers Cruisers , Size 4 -LRB- 22-37 Lbs -RRB- , Economy Plus Pack , 140 Cruisers
 We tried a bunch of different diapers for our 2 month old . Huggies Natural , Pampers Swaddlers and Baby Dry , other Huggies and by far the most leaky diapers were Baby Dry . # 1 and # 2 never stayed in the diaper ! Right out the sides and back and all over me ... almost every time . Also , the absorbent core stuff would come out and stick to our baby 's skin . Swaddlers are absolutely fabulous and we 'll stick with those .
 This may be a kid specific thing , but little man got a terrible rash shortly after switching to Pampers . AND , diaper tearing - resulting in pee crystals . A HUGE diaper pet peeve of mine . Back to Huggies we go . : -LRB-
 I liked these the best when my baby was 16 lbs . but now at 20lbs he leaks through every one of them in 2 hours or less . The 4 's fit a little too big and I know he 's almost ready but these are supposed to be good to 28lbs and they are not . I have almost an entire case of these that I am donating because I do n't trust them . Size 3 of Sam 's Club brand is working WAY better than these and cost less too .
 These diapers are great for pee -LRB- never leaks -RRB- , but terrible for poop -LRB- frequently leaks -RRB- . We 've been using these for the past 2 months -LRB- my daughter is now 4 .5 months , average size -RRB- . She is breastfed so her poop is really runny . Even if I literally run to change her as soon as I hear her poop , it still regularly squeezes up and out all over her back and clothes . Most days she messes her clothes at least once . I 'm going to try something else because this is just ridiculous -LRB- and gross ! -RRB- .
 I have been loyal to Pampers diapers since my 13 month old was in Newborn Swaddlers . I tried these diapers because of the positive ratings and I am VERY disappointed . The diapers are rectangular and not good for a cruising baby . The front of the tabs turn under so they sometimes leak out the side . Also , they say they are suppose to last 12 hours . My daughter usually sleeps 10 hours straight at night and by morning the diaper has `` sweated '' pee through the diaper and through her pajamas and I 've even had to change her sheets . I go through a lot more diapers with these because i have to change her very frequently . For some reason the Pampers Cruisers with dry max gave my daughter diaper rash so I guess I 'm buying Huggies next time .
 I have always used huggies , but the price was great on these pampers and hospitals use them so I figured they must be great . First , they leak and separate when wet . I put them on my baby at night and he wakes up with wet clothes . When walking around the gell is saggy and it separates into sagging pockets . These diapers are of the same quality as a noname brand of diaper ... they really suck and I ca n't wait to get rid of them but its going slow since I ordered 192 of them !!!!!!!
 Not Worked on my baby ... . he drinks plenty of water . . so obviously tooks more diapers at night times ... i was keep on changings 2 or 3 times every night ... it didnt set for babies who takes plenty of water
 These diapers leek up the back when my baby poops ! Then got to waste time and change her shirt with poop and whatever else the poop got on ! Annoying !!
 We switch to pampers for the savings but my son developed a terrible rash . After a week -LRB- treating him in the meantime with lotions , skin barriers and other topical creams -RRB- , we got back to Hughies and his rask got clearly better in a couple of days . We used pampers swadllers before wihtout any problems . I found in the internet other people with similar issues :[ ... -RSB- If your kid has allergies or delicate skin , I will say to do not use this diapers .
 I purchased these diapers thinking that Pampers is a good brand . These were terrible ! A tiny amount of pee would fill these and make them very tight . I will never buy again !
 I assumed since these are a well-known brand , that they would work well . They are the worst diapers I have ever used - pee leaks stright through them , ie if you do n't change the baby pretty often , their clothes will be soaked more than once a day . How am I going to use up these 200 + diapers ? Ugh .
 We had been using Pampers Baby Dry for our daughter right after she outgrew newborn size of Pampers Swaddlers . Now my daughter is almost 20 months old at size 4 . We could n't be happier with Pamper Baby Dry until the last shipment we received from Amazon . The diapers are thinner than before and leak frequently . I thought it may be a bad batch and bought a smaller size of the same product from a department store . They were exactly the same and also caused leaks . The leaks happen both at morning and night times . I 'm too disappointed in the product to give it a 3rd try . We are switching to Huggies Snug & Dry . Hopefully , they will work better .
 Diapers do n't absorb wetness at all , everything goes through clothes ! Super thin too ! Do n't buy it ! Waste of money for sure !
 This is the worst diaper we ever tried . After my 20 months old daughter go to bad -LRB- changing diaper at 9pm -RRB- we have to change it at around 4am , otherwise she -LRB- her outfit , bad and comforter -RRB- will be totally wet by the morning . We had no other diaper with such an experience . During daytime it is even worse , sometimes it start letting thru everything after few hours . We use 5-7 diapers a day whereas we needed only 3-4 from cruisers . This simply have not enough absorbent to stay dry for 12 hours -LRB- as advertised -RRB-
 this is the worst experience ever , the cheaper LUVS brand is much better ! do n't buy this diapers , I hate hate hate them , my daughter wakes up with all her clothes wet ; I change it 2 times at night !
 THESE DIAPERS ARE HORRIBLE . I ALWAYS BUY THE PAMPERS CRUISERS BUT SINCE THE STORE WAS OUT OF STOCK I THOUGHT PAMPERS MAKES THESE AS WELL SO THEY MUST BE GOOD AS WELL . WELL I WAS WRONG MY DAUGHTER WEARS THEM FOR HALF AN HOUR AND HER PEE PASSES THROUGH THE DIAPER . THEY SHOULD MAKE IT TO AN HOUR AT LEAST . ONE PEE AND I HAVE TO CHANGE HER DIAPER . HORRIBLE I CA N'T BELIEVE PAMPERS MAKES THESE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE DIAPERS !!!
 I have been a loyal Pampers customer for years , but lately , I do n't know what they are doing . When they introduced DryMax , I switched to Baby Dry because it caused mild redness on my older son . I have happily used the Baby Dry -- they really do last 12 hours and have never leaked for me . When my younger son was born , he reacted horribly to Swaddlers with DryMax , so we switched to Baby Dry . He just moved up to size 3 and is now reacting badly to these diapers . Even with heavy duty diaper cream , he turned red and became very rashy . Last night I noticed that he was VERY red in the creases of his legs and then realized his skin was raw and bleeding . The diapers are nowhere near too tight . I realize that sometimes things happen to kids that is not the manufacturer 's fault , but after taking a break from these for a day and then coming back to them , my son is red and rashy again . I think I 'm ready to give up on Pampers . I do n't know what the heck they 're doing , but their diapers are sub-par compared to what they used to be . * Edited on October 4 , 2011
 These diapers are junk ! I recently tried some Pampers again and they were terrible ! The tabs would rip off half the time and this would really make my husband disgruntled ! I told him Pampers are supposed to be the `` best '' in the diaper area ! He told me to stick with the Huggies ! Boys and girls , quality , price , Huggies are the way to go in our household ! I would not recommend these diapers for anyone , unless you like throwing unused daipers into the garbage can !
 I purchased these Pampers from Amazon for my 7 month old . These pampers have the ability to burst open in the night while your baby is sleeping . When my daughter woke up the next morning , the pamper burst open on her belly . The padding inside the pamper was released on her belly on several other occasions . I did n't have this problem with Huggies . I will NOT purchase Pampers ever again . This is a hazard and they should be recalled .
 I recently purchased a case of diapers and noticed that there was a huge increase in the diapers I bought . Nothing has changed , but the list price was ~ $ 43 and increased to $ 51 within two months ! This is a overwhelming increase . I do n't know what is going on , but you can see the price comparison between other vendors that the Amazon price is significantly higher than Target or Babies R Us . With subscribe and save , it used to provide excellent savings , but now , I have to reevaluate and perhaps close my subscription ! Rethink and check out other vendors !
 I have been using pampers swaddlers with dry max since my twins were born and love them ! I can count on 1 hand the number of `` blow outs '' and leaks . I use subscribe and save and my item was unavailable for the previous purchase price . I decided to try these . I thought they also had dry max since they said baby dry . I am now having at least one leaky diaper every morning and have had 3 diapers I had to throw away because the tabs tore . This has never happened . My twins are one and in size 3 diapers . I have tried the cruisers which seem to be ok . I 'm not sure if it is just the lot I have or this line of diapers . I may have to go back to the cruisers since the swaddlers are not made in large sizes .
 I was expecting the usual prime 2 day delivery when I ordered this package of diapers over a week ago . I guess I have become so spoiled by Amazon 's 2 day delivery that I just expected it to be here , and have been anxiously awaiting its arrival everyday until I had to breakdown and go to Target for diapers yesterday to avoid a complete crises ... I will read the fine print next time or make sure I am getting the fast delivery schedule that I am expecting
 A little over a week of use , I noticed a bad diaper rash that rapidly progressed to blisters . They healed when I switched to a different diaper and broke out again when I tried to go back to using this diaper . I 'm giving two stars because pampers agreed to refund my money even though I was outside the week window to return them to Amazon and because according to Pampers , this is the same formula they have been using for 20 years , which means they were my favorite diapers for my daughter .
 My daughter was wearing the Huggies prior to this . I ordered this diapers , thinking that they would be softer and more absorbent than the Huggies . To my surprise , they are neither softer or more absorbent . I 'm very disappointed and have had to change many skirts , and pants because of this!I am planning on writing to Kimberly Clark as well regarding this . Also , these diapers run small !
 Target diapers are much better than these diapers . My daughter sleeps through the night . When she wakes up her dress , the sheet everything will be wet . This diaper is ok to use during the day times but definitely not at night .
 I 've been using this diaper bag since my son was born almost six months ago and am very disappointed in it . In fact , I 'm on Amazon tonight shopping around for a new bag.Here are my problems with this bag : - The main pocket is large , but is n't very easy to get open -LRB- especially with one hand -RRB- . The pocket does n't open up completely making it difficult to get at the things that are inside . - The stroller attachment straps are a joke ! They broke the very first time I used them ... within a half hour ! The bag was n't even very full . It had a receiving blanket , a bottle , a couple of diapers and a small packet of wipes . The straps are a cheap rubber and seem like they 'd be a good concept , but the rubber tore just like a big rubber band would which made the straps completely useless ... garbage ! - I thought that the padded shoulder would be nice and it was for a while ... until the black part of the pad -LRB- the part that sits on your shoulder -RRB- started disintegrating and leaving black crumbly residue all over my shirt . - The bag itself is attractive at first , but I learned my lesson buying a light color ... it shows dirt and is n't easy to clean . - The bag seemed poorly sewn together . It had lots of long strings hanging off of the corners and seams . - The outer flap has a large pocket that is convenient for my wallet , but it has lots of other very small compartments that do n't fit much of anything at all.All in all ... I 'm very disappointed in the quality and design of this bag . I do n't write reviews often , but I wanted to forewarn other parents that I would not recommend this bag to anyone .
 I do n't review items often unless I LOVE the product or HATE the product . Unfortunately , this one falls in the latter category.The things I like about the bag are more or less cosmetic and slightly less functional :1 -RRB- I like the color . Easy to find . I do n't care if it 's easy to clean or not -- it 's a diaper bag for goodness sake ! 2 -RRB- I really like the changing pad . Personally , I feel it is superior to a lot of changing pads I 've seen that come with other diaper bags . It 's super easy to fold and unfold with one hand .3 -RRB- The pockets in the main compartment are huge which is really nice.That 's really all I can find at this point that I like.Things I do n't like :1 -RRB- The main pocket is kind of hard to find . I know it sounds stupid , but there are so any zippers and pockets , that it takes you awhile to figure out which one is the `` main '' pocket . Plus , it 's not in the most logical place which would be the top of the bag . There is a zipper at the top of the bag , but it does not access the main compartment . Since I 'm the one carrying the bag 95 % of the time , it takes my husband forever to find anything because he has to negotiate all the stupid zippers to find the right pocket .2 -RRB- The stroller carrier things are a complete joke ! The hardware is good , but the pieces that attach to the stroller are so cheap ! They tore like an old rubber band within 10 minutes the first time I used them , and it was n't like I had anything in there that a normal parent would n't carry .3 -RRB- The main pocket is roomy , but does n't open all the way and it can sometimes be hard to find what you 're looking for in there .4 -RRB- The stitching around the zipper to the main compartment does n't seem very strong , and I honestly expect it to pull apart at any minute .5 -RRB- The mp3 player pocket is probably great for keys if you do n't have a lot of keys . I have too many keys on my key chain to put in there , and there 's really nowhere else to put your keys unless you want to put them in the main compartment which is not easily accessible with only one hand .6 -RRB- The front flap pocket is n't useful for anything I carry . I wind up carrying my wallet in the main compartment . If the main compartment is pretty full , the pockets on the front flap are too tight to store or access anything.If you plan on emptying out your purse and using the diaper bag as a diaper bag/purse combo then it 's probably fine for you , but there are times when I do n't need the diaper bag and I just need my purse . Considering the price of the bag , I do n't really feel like you get what you pay for . It 's more of a daddy diaper bag and less of a mommy diaper bag .
 I gently used this Kidsline Zanzibar Diaper Stacker for about a month and the bottom of the fabric just below the embroidered crocodile began to split and fray . I only filled the stacker half full with disposable newborn diapers simply because it dose n't look or feel that sturdy . The only reason I have the stacker is because it was purchased as part of the 6 piece set . I never would have purchased it separately if I had actually seen it alone in a store . I stopped using it after a couple of months because the fray in the fabric looks so bad . I have to say that I really do n't think very much of this collection at all . It 's attractive but not worth the money !
 I absolutely loved the appearance of the bag . The colors are beautiful and the bag has a lot of compartments but it unfortunately has two huge problems :1 . the main compartment opens on one side which makes it hard to open and close and calls for tugging at the zipper2 . the material along the zipper to the main compartment tears too easilyI have had this diaper bag for no more than a month and the bag is already completely torn at the zipper . The great thing is that JJ Cole has great customer service . But I do n't buy items to return them so this is an inconvenience .
 V disappointed with these . Way too big to be a size 1 , poor fit and poor absorbency . Just finished my pack of Huggies and the difference is clear . Stick to Huggies ...
 Pampers appears to have two lines of diapers for small babies -- Baby Dry , and Swaddlers . My wife and I had to buy Baby Dry in a pinch , and they were n't as good.The primary problem is that the waistband is not strechy AND the tabs have more adhesive than hook-and-loop -LRB- a.k.a. Velcro -LRB- R -RRB- -RRB- . Swaddlers just have the hook-and-loop . You need to adjust the tabs more precisely the first time because there 's less forgiveness , and it 's not as easy to reposition the tabs securely because the adhesive loses stickiness.Six thumbs down to Baby Dry . Stop those lines , and just make Swaddlers . That 's my advice to Pampers.I give `` 2 stars '' because the koala is cute , and the diapers are better than going without !!
 The retail price in local stores is 2.99 , and you can get it in even cheaper price when it is on sale
 This pillow was too shallow to hold the baby in the right position for me , and I 'm only 5 ' 4 '' . In fact , having him nurse on this pillow caused him to pull on my nipples , even when he was latched properly , causing me much pain , and cracked and bleeding nipples , until I figured out what was going on.I do n't know if you 're one of those moms who 's got a waist immediately after giving birth , but I was n't . And , I found that the waist opening was a little too small to accomodate my slowly shrinking baby belly.I wish I had bought a `` Breast Friend '' nursing pillow instead . Its a little bigger and more adjustable .
 For all of the positive reviews on this , I did n't find the Boppy all that great . It did n't support my arms as I held my baby and it was more cumbersome than anything when I was trying to feed him . I do n't think I would suggest this to other moms , regular pillows you 'd find on your couch or bed are easier to get in place than this thing . About all I 'll use it for in the future with other children is for the baby to lie in when they 're between 0-3 months in age . The Boppy with toys that hang over it might be a good purchase , but this thing does not work well for breastfeeding .
 I 'm not sure what the fuss is surrounding this product and why so many deem it a `` must-have '' I find that a regular firm pillow works just as well if not better . The width of the boppy is too narrow to support a bigger baby . The U-shape is n't especially comfortable to me . The other problem I 've had is washing . They come with slip covers now , but if you ever need to wash the pillow itself , it screws up the distribution of the stuffing.I much prefer the My Breast Friend pillow
 Another MUST HAVE I was told . I think not . Pillows are much more effective in my opinion to prop up the baby while nursing . The boppy just was n't comfortable for me , it was too stiff . I did n't feel like it really fit me - and I am not a big woman - size 8 before pregnancy , size 10-12 while nursing . I really think it is overrated and not necessary.I have heard good things about `` my breast friend '' I might try that one next time . But still felt like the pillows did the trick .
 This is a good pillow if you do NOT plan to breastfeed . The pillow doesnt stay around your waste if you want to sit comfortably . I find that in order to breastfeed my son i have to lean foreward so far that it hurts . It is just too bulky and firm for brestfeeding . The star is for helping my son sit up . However it does tend to slide back away from him . This pillow is also too bulky for tummy time . My advice is to buy a cheaper one if you feel you need one . Or buy one with toys attached , even better is the gym model , which I plan to get after I return this useless pillow . Think about this
 I found that the Bobby just would n't stay in my lap , making it worthless for breastfeeding . No matter what I did , it just slipped away . My lactation consultant recommended the My Best Friend/My Brest Friend nursing pillow instead . It has back support and a velcro strap to hold it in place . I LOVED the My Brest Friend nursing pillow and would recommend that over the Boppy any day .
 I read all the great reviews and tried this as a nursing pillow . It was horrible ! It was large and cumbersome and too low for me . Because my baby was constantly tugging my nipples down I was cracked and bleeding for two months . I finally put it in the closet thinking I could at least use it when he started sitting up . I think he sat in it about 5 times before he could sit up on his own so I was disappointed I had wasted the closet space storing it . After talking to my girlfriends I found out that everyone GETS a boppy but most people do n't actually use them . They just do n't bother to post reviews ! If you need a nursing pillow there are lots of other ones out there , just not at BRU !
 I was given this by a friend when pregnant . I was quite excited and even took it to the hospital with me . I hated using this pillow . I am not a big woman at all -LRB- 5 ' 3 130 -RRB- but it would not fit in the glider with me comfotably . I did use it to sit on for a while and I used it to help my son sit up when he was learning but if you are looking for a nursing pillow try the `` My Brest Friend '' or my favorite the `` NoJo Nursing pillow '' Boppy just does not live up to the hype .
 I am not a fat woman , but when I 've just given birth to a baby , I 'm not a SKINNY woman , either . Boppy Pillows are designed for SKINNY women . If you are n't super-skinny , you will never get that pillow around your waist . If you are skinny , I 'm sure this is a great product.I did find my Boppy was useful for sitting my baby inside , as he was learning to sit up . It supports them all around from falling .
 I was given this pillow as a gift and wish I had kept the gift receipt . This pillow slowly moves away from your waist and I was often left with my baby on my lap instead of on the pillow . My back often ached if I did n't prop myself up with enough pillows . The only place I could use it comfortably was in the car . I bought the My Brest Friend nursing pillow myself at the prompting of my lactation consultant and it worked out much better . I could use it on the sofa , at night in bed to nurse my daughter and then easlly place her in her bassinet . The boppy looks nicer but not very functional at all .
 There 's so much hype over the Boppy being a `` must have '' that I made sure to get one when our first baby was born . I was very disappointed . It is horribly designed for nursing a baby . The cushion was always slipping and sliding out of position . There is no way to strap it to your waist to keep it in place . For a nursing support pillow , I highly recommend the the `` My Brest Friend '' pillow instead . It 's a flat crescent shaped pillow that straps around you and provides lumbar support as well . It made a world of difference for proper positioning , and latching on correctly . If you want a pillow for nursing support , save your money and skip the Boppy .
 bought this pillow because of the wonderful things people say about it . i thought it 'd be great . i found that i needed other pillows to support my arms and back each time i nursed with this pillow . saw `` MY BREST FRIEND '' pillow , tried it on in the store , and i never used the boppy again . `` my brest friend '' has a strap that fastens pillow to you so you can be reasonably mobile and nurse at the same time . it also has back support and a firm , flat platform for baby to lay on . by FAR the best . also comes in an inflatable style .
 I had a boppy with my 1st child and found it hard to use . It kept popping out of place when breast feeding . A friend then loaned me her breast friend which I loved !!! I will definitely be getting one of those this time around . I would like to get the boppy for tummy time and when baby is learning to situp by himself .
 I put this on my baby registry pretty much because everyone else I know did . I thought it was one of those items that I just HAD to have , kind of like , diapers , wipes , and boppy . But it has been sitting in the corner for a while now . The first week he came home from the hospital I used it a couple of times but it quickly became more of a pain than a help to breastfeeding . One reason for this is that it 's just too bulky . When I put it around me and then my son on top of it he would be almost too high to feed . So it only really worked when he was very tiny . We 've used it a couple times more recently to help him sit up but he does n't seem very happy in it and with all the other things we have for him to sit in , the bouncer , swing and gym , this just is n't very exciting for him . I can definitely see where some people might find this helpful for breastfeeding but I 'd borrow one or get it second hand and try it out before spending the money on this one . For us it was definitely a waste of $ 35 but on the plus side , if anyone asks , we have a boppy ! : -RRB-
 Even though I ended up bottle feeding , I did try breastfeeding while using this pillow . I am not a huge person , but a little larger than average , and this pillow just DID NOT work for me . I tried it every which way I could , and no such luck.My son enjoys it as much as a 3.5 month old can . Even though it clearly tags the product to not use for a sleeping infant , it saved me at times when his reflux was especially bad.If you are a size 14 + you will want to look into a pillow that will fit you better , because most likely , this one will not be as helpful as it is for smaller women .
 I registered for the Boppy because everyone said it was a `` Must Have '' . I am breastfeeding my baby and I do not think it is a `` Must Have '' but it is nice to have - just not for breastfeeding.I tried using it for breastfeeding and found that there are other pillows out there that work better . The reasons are :1 -RRB- It is designed to fit around your waist but it keeps sliping out on my lap .2 -RRB- The top is curved and the baby can easily roll off the Boppy , especially as he gets bigger.I later purchased a Tresor breastfeeding pillow that was recommended by a lactation consultant and found it much more useful . It comes with a buckle that can be attached around your waist so it stays put on your lap . Also it is much larger and flat accros the top . I do not feel like the baby is going to roll off the pillow , which is nice when you are trying to undo a nursing bra or grab a burp cloth.I do love the Boppy for other reasons . I have used it as a `` nest '' for my napping baby . He is now 8 weeks old and frequently I put him in the Boppy to curl up while I am doing other things . He seems really comfortable and stays put . I 'm sure as he gets older we will use it more for sitting up and tummy time.The fleece cover is nice and seems to stay clean . It has washed well a couple of times . However the extra covers that we purchased came apart in the laundry.I recommend getting the Boppy for other reasons than for breastfeeding .
 I attempted to use the Boppy twice when breastfeeding with no luck . Both my daughter and I were much more comfortable without it . Perhaps it would be better for when I no longer have my `` baby belly '' and need an artificial prop ?
 I breastfed my daughter until she was a year old and found the Boppy to be pretty much useless . It was n't the right height for nursing for me and I preferred to use a smaller pillow which conformed to my daughter 's body better.We used it once or twice for sitting up , but most of the time , she was supported by my legs or multiple pillows . I think this is one of those products that 's either love/hate -- for us , it has to be the latter !
 Being quite tall and not petite , this pillow just did not fit well while breastfeeding , it put my son up to high . I had heard all the hype about this product and thought it had to be fabulous , but it just did n't fulfill my expectations . My son is now 4 months old and does n't even like to be propped up on it for more than a few minutes !
 I registered for a Boppy pillow with the hopes that this pillow would enhance my breastfeeding experience . The bottom line is that it simply does not help . It is awkwardly shaped and does not facilitate an easy latch for new Moms who have never breastfed before . It 's also super bad for little babies like mine.I would NOT recommend this pillow .
 I went to target today to purchase this boppy . Apparently it has been recalled and they took all the other ones off the shelf . I do n't know why it has been recalled yet but I wanted to warn the amazon buyers first .
 I BOUGHT 2 OF THESE , BUT NEVER USED THEM . AFTER A C-SECTION I COULDNT PUT IT NEXT TO MY TENDER BELLY AND PLUS IT BARLEY FIT AROUND ME . IM NOT A VERY BIG GIRL BUT IT BARLEY GAVE ME THE SUPPORT I NEEDED TO BREASTFEED . I SWITCHED TO ANOTHER TYPE OF BREATFEEDING PILLOW AND MUCH MUCH BETTER . BIG BABIES AND NOT TEENY TINY WOMAN WILL HAVE ISSUES . MY 7PD BABY BARLEY FIT TO NURSE . WE NOW USE IT AS A TUMMY TIME PILLOW ...
 I think it is not comfertable around my waist and I had a 29-30 waist my babys body took the whole thing up and he was 6lb 8oz and 18in . -LRB- he was small and so am I -RRB- so I was not very happy with it . So I go a different breastfeeding pillow that is just wonderful that I would give a 6 star out of 5 stars , it is red with bears on rocking chairs -LRB- I would have prefered clouds on thi one -RRB- and it was even cheaper than boppy . also perchaced at babys r us . but everybody is different so try someone elses and see if it works for you . it just was n't for me but it was for my friend so you never know till you try it yourself .
 The bobby was way too cumbersome for nursing . It was given to me as a gift , a lot of people said great things about it and I registered for it before my baby was due . In the beginning , I would spend a lot of time trying to get the boppy comfortable around me and in place before someone handed me my daughter during feeding times . Now I just grab my daughter , go to a chair/couch and find a comfortable pillow and do just fine without a boppy ! The boppy is collecting dust . Pillows work just fine!UPDATE
 I placed an order for a new mother on or about August 3 , 2006 . It was available at the time I ordered it and received this confirmation : Shipping estimate for these items
 I was told by friends how WONDERFUL the Boppy was , and also registered for it due to the number of rave reviews . However , I took it to the hospital with me and found that it is not as versatile as expected . It did n't fit around my waist , causing a huge crease in the middle . A friend suggested and actually sent me a `` My Brest Friend '' , which I thought would sit in the closet but it actually turned out better . It has an adjustable velcro belt , so even Daddy -LRB- who is pretty big -RRB- can use it for bottle feedings . As suggested by others , you should really try them out before you spend the money .
 I urge mothers to wait to purchase the boppy . I was sold by all the rave reviews , bought the pillow and never used it . I had an 8 lbs . 9 oz . baby boy and found it difficult to nurse him with it . It got in the way . Now it just sits in a corner . I guess I 'll use it when he 's learning to sit up to prop him up with . I urge mothers to borrow one first to see if they like it before spending the $ .
 The handle broke off the top within the first three weeks of light usage . Otherwise , it 's an ok basket . Nothing special .
 Unfortunately the bouncing mechanism is not strong enough to bounce the baby 's entire body . When my 9 lb . baby was in there only her feet were bouncing . It did not create the same feeling that she gets when I bounce a `` regular '' bouncer with my foot . A huge disappointment ! I returned it .
 In short
 We bought this product based on its testimonials and thought it would be the best choice for our new baby . While he had no problems using the Playtex Nursers , he ended up having a problem with Dr. brown 's Natural Flow bottles . First off , they are a pain to clean . Each piece needs to be painstakenly washed -LRB- boiling the nipple , washing the bottle , and scrubbing each hole of the the insert and the reservoir . -RRB- It was certainly laborsome and time consuming . Anyhow , when he uses them , he spits up where he did n't with the competition . I tried to figure out why . If you tip the bottle over it drips constantly without any sucking . So my baby is not sucking or swallowing when he uses this product . He lets it build up in his mouth and then ends up having to push it out when he has gotten too much . Needless to say , we are planning to return these and will stick with Playtex .
 If I could rate this any lower then 1 star I would , when I was pregnant I did alot of research on many different bottles , I decided to go with these based on all the reviews even thow knew they took a long time to clean , I wanted the best for my baby , but my baby is very gassy and does not burp well . I do n't think there worth the time or the money .
 My daughter is 6 months old and loves all Playtex baby stuff but these literally fell out of her mouth - the nipple is very small and more suited to a new-born . Just hope the 6month plus is a better size.I gave them two-star for the easy-clean ` hole system ' in the back ... great idea .
 There was nothing wrong with the product . I ordered ever pacifier under the sun for my baby girl and she hated them all including this one . Also when I came they were in a green . I did n't remember it saying anywhere it was green and the picture shown was girl colors .
 My son loved to be swaddled during his first months , but this product never fit him right . It would gap and he could put his arms out and eventually wriggle it loose . We tried it a few times and then put it in the donation bag . Old-fashioned swaddling with receiving blankets worked much better -LRB- and is less expensive -RRB- .
 Our baby loves to be swaddled , so when she started to outgrow the receiving blankets we had , we purchased the Swaddle Me large size . It only comes in large or small . She was 14 + pounds when we bought it , so within their weight range for that size.It 's a great idea , but the Swaddle Me is far far too big for her . It goes around her one a half times . It 's as if the people who made the blanket never tested it on real babies . You ca n't make it tight enough to get that cozy feeling that is the whole point of swaddling . There is only a small space where the velcro tabs stick . I do n't understand why they do n't make the whole blanket sticky for the velcro -LRB- it 's not scratchy -RRB- so that you could secure it as tightly or loosely as you need to.For our next baby I will purchase The Miracle Blanket instead , and that is what I would recommend to anyone looking for a swaddle blanket .
 I expected great things from this blanket since Baby Bargains raved about it . Save your money and buy an Amazing Miracle Blanket instead . The velcro is annoying , and my daughter could wiggle out of this way too easily . She never got out of the Amazing Miracle Blanket , even at 6 months -LRB- I swaddled her when we were traveling and she had a hard time sleeping -RRB- . Skip the swaddleme and get an Amazing Miracle Blanket . I swear I do n't work for them -- it 's just that the blanket design is amazing and miraculous !
 I purchased this product because I liked the idea of being able to easily remove the leg pouch to change diapers . I purchased the small which is designed to fit 7 to 14 lbs . The first time I used it , I realized it did not fit my son . Although he weighs 91/2 lbs. , the wing stretched far past the velcro fastener . My husband and I watched him wiggle his arm free in 15 minutes . I would suggest that you just purchase a regular receiving blanket . Just make sure it is large enough -LRB- about 30x40 -RRB- so that you have enough fabric to effectively wrap your baby .
 I am unhappy with this product . My newborn baby is 22 '' long and weighs 7 pounds . I purchased this item after speaking to the rep about size . I 've found that my son can easily get his legs out of the bottom pouch through the opening . I think that if there was a longer strip of velcro instead of the short square , this would be prevented . He also can get his arms out of the top . If the velcro strip could be larger , going more toward the back and side of the product , this would not happen . Maybe my son is more narrow at the top than some children and this is not a problem for many , but I think this would make the product more useable , one size fits all . Also , he is long , and the small size was too cramped . I 'm assuming the next size up would have been too wide for him and therefore making it impossible for his arms to stay inside - which is happening anyway . I like the product idea and the fabric and construction , -LRB- which is why I gave it 2 stars -RRB- but this product did not work for me . I have recently purchased The First Years swaddle blanket , but have issues with that one as well . I am currently searching for one to fit .
 We had received one of these as a baby gift . First it was too big . After my daughter had grown into it , she was able to get her arms out and it was never very snug , so she would n't like it very much . It 's not a bad product , but it just does n't work as well as a blanket .
 The small says `` fits 7-14lbs '' . So if you have a baby smaller than that you wo n't be able to use these . My twins were both less than 6lbs when they came home from the hospital so we used a blanket to swaddle them just like the hospital had done . No matter how small your baby is you can swaddle them with a blanket . Even when my girls were bigger and in the 7-14lb range , these still did not fit correctly . They were never snug enough so my girls were able to get their arms free and never stayed asleep since they were n't snug . Plus my smaller of the two was able to wiggle down so that her face was under the fabric -LRB- not safe -RRB- and the other became able to always kick the bottom so the velcro would come undone.If you want to swaddle your baby I recommend using baby blankets , a nice , large square one works best but I used just about any size or shape . You can get them nice and snug no matter how small or big your baby is . We leanred a way to swaddle our girls even better than the hospital did and it worked Wonderfully , plus we learned lots of other ways to soothe our girls , get the DVD `` The Happiest Baby on the Block '' our girls were so much happier after that.I never thought it took any longer to swaddle my girls in a blanket than it did in these . Once you know how to swaddle a baby in a blanket it is second nature .
 I read Dr. Karp 's book and decided to buy a swaddling blanket . After doing a lot of research and reading a ton of good reviews on this one , I decided not to spend the $ 30 + shipping on the miracle blanket , but get this instead . Boy , was that a bad decision . We tried a few times , and my baby unswaddled herself within seconds ! Granted , we had a big and healthy baby , who was strong , so maybe if your baby is tiny and/or weaker than an average newborn for whatever reason , it might work nicely for a while , but otherwise , do n't waste your time with this . I ended up buying the miracle blanket , and that WORKED ! Do yourself a favor , spend the extra $ 20 and buy the miracle blanket . I could have avoided many sleepless nights if I did that earlier !
 It did n't work with me . My baby did n't want to be swaddled and she hated it . If my baby is unhappy I 'm unhappy too.I would n't recommend it because I realized - as a first time mom - that babies only have problems to sleep the first 2 months and after that they sleep better.I 'd tell you
 Okay , so the point of swaddling a baby is to keep their arms and legs from flailing around when they 're trying to sleep . Thus , if your baby is active enough for swaddling to help him/her sleep , they 're active enough to get out of this weak , small blanket . I tried this product I received as a gift , and my 7lb . 5-day-old baby had popped the Velcro on this as soon as I put it on . Also , there 's no way to adjust the tightness/fit to make it tighter for a more active baby , or one like mine that can eventually get his hands free -LRB- and he 'll work on it until he does -RRB- and up to his mouth . I returned this gift -LRB- and the other 3 SwaddleMe 's I got at my shower -RRB- and just use a big blanket and used the money for more useful items.The key to swaddling a baby in a receiving blanket -LRB- until they 're too big , and then a larger thin blanket will probably be required -RRB- is to get the end around and tucked under the baby so that his/her weight helps to keep the swaddle tight enough to keep the baby 's arms secure . I 'd imagine that any baby weak enough for the SwaddleMe to work must be not very active at all .
 Nonsense . Best to have big enough flannel sheet and swaddle yourself . Would never buy it .
 The product failed in every respect - the velcro stopped sticking within a week -LRB- we bought three and had to throw each one away after a week of use because they no longer functioned -RRB- . In addition , the non-microfleece version stretched , which means your baby can wrangle out of the swaddle - rendering it ineffective at best . They need to take this product off the shelves and rethink its design and the quality of materials used in its construction - very dissappointing ,
 I was reluctant to invest in a blanket specifically for swaddling , but after a few weeks of making due with regular blankets , I tried the SwaddleMe wrap . While it is reasonably priced , cute and easy to use , my little guy found it easy to `` escape '' , both from the size-appropriate blanket , and from the smaller size . I just could n't keep his arms secure or tightly wrapped . Swaddling at night makes all the difference for my baby , so I 'll continue to do it , but I 'm back to my low-tech system
 We bought this item and could not wait to use it on our newborn daughter . Luckily , she was laying right next to me in her bouncy chair at the time because within 5 minutes , I looked over at her and the blanket had covered her whole face . When I lowered it , the skin around her mouth was blue.We tried it again 3 weeks later , when she was a bit bigger . Initially , it seemed fine but within a few minutes , it slid up to cover her mouth and nose again.I would not recommend this product . I will throw mine away because I am afraid to give it or sell it to anyone!Buyer beware !!!!
 We tried this product when our son was 2 weeks of age , but he broke right out of it within minutes and the velco scratched his skin up a little bit . Plain old receiving blankets are much nicer to use and are more multi-purpose unlike this product .
 This did not work for us at all . I found that I could n't get it wrapped around our newborn without her kicking it off . If you know how to swaddle then use the hospital blanket or another thin blanket made of cotton .
 My daughter is a strong little girl and though she needed to be swaddled in order to actually sleep ... she fought it most of the time . I bought this item in hopes that it would be comfortable for her and easy to use . Needless to say she unswaddled herself easily and could not sleep as a result . Admittedly not all children make valiant attempts at getting out of their blankets , however my little girl was pretty intent . I never could use this item and had to revert to using larger blankets until she no longer needed to be swaddled .
 If this is the only swaddle blanket you have ever used i can see saying its tje greatest thing ever , however its not my first one . This product is much more difficult to put on and certainly not as diaper changing friendly as they make it sound . You have to undo the inside velcro then attempt to put it back again after . Also , my very sneaky 7 week old easily wiggles his arms free so that his hands are poking out the top then wakes up . My kids are very long and they , at 7 weeks and only about 8.5 lbs , are already almost too tall for this product.The reason I bought these was because the halo fleece sleepers got too warm with wood heat but I must say even too warm the halo sleepers are a million times better ! I got size small which my boys are swimming in amnd I can still wrap them more tightly and change them easier.These are definately not my favorite by far , I think I swaddle with a blanket better .
 We got this as a gift and have used it 0 times . It 's expensive and poorly designed . A large receiving blanket works well and is cheaper , easier to fold , and nicer looking .
 I would like to give this item a fair review but I never received it . I have a new four month old that recently grew out of his swaddle blankets . He needed a new swaddler but this item never came . It said it was shipped out ??? Anyhow , I bought a similar one at Babies r Us and it was on sale too . If anyone knows how to dispute this purchase with amazon , please , let me know .
 My baby hates this even though he loves being swaddled . Definitely the worst baby product I 've purchased .
 Our daughter was born 22 Inches long and every time she kicked her feet the bottom would come on done . I guess if your baby is not a kicker it will work for you . We have the First Steps swaddel blanket which is much better then this one .
 Our baby is wiggly and we had to wrap this very snugly . In the middle of the night , though , she would sometimes wake up scared because it was so tight . When we wrapped it more loosely , she quickly wiggled her arms out and would wake herself when her arms flailed about . Like another reviewer experienced , a couple times our baby awoke with the swaddle me bunched up tightly around her neck . That was the last straw . Our baby was 8-12 pounds when we tried it . Now we use simple squares of flannel from a fabric store .
 I was very disappointed in this item . My daughter could easily pull her arms out , no matter how tightly we tried to close it . It did n't hold nearly as well as the Miracle Blanket . Although swaddling worked wonderfully for us , this product did not .
 I bought this after reading about all the benefits of swaddling but after using it a few times I realized that this was not for my baby . I live in the Caribbean and quite frankly swaddling is not commonly done here . The nurses do it in the hospital but it is not taught or suggested for home use . I never did it with my first child but decided to give it a go for my son.The first time I used it -LRB- during his first week at home -RRB- , he slept in it ok for a while but when he awoke and found that his movements were constricted he cried non stop until I removed him from it . My mom absoluted hated this thing and compared it to being in a straight jacket and she was convinced that it was keeping it too hot.I gave in and stopped using it . I guess this is a cultural thing and may work for some but I am sorry to say it was not a hit in our home .
 This product did help my 5 mo old sleep better , as she can not move her arms around and kick her feet which wakes her up . However it ripped very soon after we got it , around the velcro patch in the center . You are supposed to pull the left part down and velcro it to the middle patch on the babies lower abdomen area . Well there are holes that are growing larger and larger each time we use it . It could have been made with higher quality stitching and material .
 This product is a cheap knockoff of the Miracle Blanket , and is not worth the savings ! Let me tell you why.I bought and used this product for my newborn daughter . As soon as we brought her home , we found out that she liked to be swaddled , like most newborns . BUT this product did not swaddle her even close to tightly enough . The point of swaddling is it immobilizes their arms and hugs them snuggly . This product loosely wrapped her so her arms were flailing about inside , and eventually she worked her hands and arms out . So I wrapped her tighter with it , but then the fabric stretched way beyond the velcro . So , I had to use safety pins to keep the thing around her ! Talk about freaky with those sharp pins around my baby . -LRB- This is a normal-sized baby , born at 71/2 lbs. , and I was using the newborn size . -RRB- By the time she grew to where the velcro was getting even CLOSE to where I needed it to be , she had outgrown the thing height-wise ! So I bought a Miracle Blanket , which is over twice as expensive , and it is AWESOME . Worth every penny . This thing wraps your baby up nice and tight at any size , never any need for safety pins , and they stay wrapped up tight until you unwrap them . Plus , you do n't have to buy 2 or 3 different sizes like you do with the SwaddleMe , so think about that when comparing prices.Bottom line is , you get what you pay for . I am a firm believer in swaddling because when our daughter is swaddled , she sleeps like a rock in between feedings , and when she is not swaddled she fusses a lot at night . Every parent of a newborn should have a Miracle Blanket , and no one should waste their money on this cheap knockoff that is sure to disappoint .
 I really liked the Swaddleme fleece swaddle that was given to us when our son was born . As the weather turned warmer and the boy grew , I decided to try this cotton one . I 'm not happy at all with it . It stretches too much and does n't keep him swaddled for long . This morning I woke to his crying only to discover he 'd worked the entire thing up his body and wrapped it snugly around his neck . I wo n't be using it any more .
 This is going to sound very biased if not written by a corporate office , but I can only say , sorry , this is based on real life experience.We received one of these at our baby shower and knew from other people that swaddling was the way to go with a newborn . Once our son was born though , this did n't work all that well . He was too long and skinny . The SwaddleMe has a very small velcro strip for the top wing to attach to . Due to how skinny he is , the tabs would go right past the strip . The only way for us to swaddle him was to put the wing under him and hope he did n't wiggle too much . Also , when he would start kicking , the leg covering , which is also held by Velcro would come undone . I would repeatedly go into his room to find either his arms or legs free , if the whole thing was n't off of him.All of that said , a trip through Babies R Us found a better solution for our situation . The Halo Sleepsack Swaddle has a zippered sack to hold legs . The wings attach to the sack and have a good size Velcro strip to attach to . It is more expensive , but we have n't had any problems using it . I recently went back to the store to buy some more of them . They 're about double the price , but my sleep is worth it.Overall , the SwaddleMe is an okay product , but depending on your baby 's dimensions -LRB- skinny and long -RRB- , it might not be the best one .
 This seemed like a great invention so we registered for it for our baby shower . We got one and were so excited to try it out . When we finally brought the baby home and tried to use it , it was very disappointing . First , our 7lb 3oz baby LOVED to be swaddled tightly for his naps . This did n't swaddle him tight enough to where is wriggly arms could n't break out . Then the velcro did n't latch good AT ALL , it would n't stay put . We were very disappointed in this product . We found it best just to use the hospital blankets and our own folding technique to swaddle our baby snugly .
 I bought this b/c my son is not able to sleep unswaddled and he gets tangled up in regular swaddling blankets -LRB- scary ! -RRB- . Unfortunately , it was a waste of money . The blanket is not designed to swaddle tightly -LRB- which is the point -RRB- and my son is 9 lbs , 7 oz -LRB- clearly within the 7 - 14 lb range -RRB- . He got his arms loose and they flailed inside the blanket even after I stitched on additional velcro to make the swaddling tighter . Unless your child does n't wiggle at all , do n't bother with this blanket .
 This swaddle is wonderful -- when you purchase it in a size small/medium . However , after ordering the size large after my baby grew I received this swaddle in what was marked as size large . It is definitely not a large . The `` large '' is actually identical in size to the small/medium . I eventually spoke with the manufacturer about this and I was told that they are having production problems and currently are unable to produce a true size large of this swaddle . So do n't order the size `` large '' . This swaddle is wonderful though for a smaller baby -LRB- less than 15 pounds -RRB-
 I have an older fleece blanket and it 's great ! But this version is really bad , velcro closures are to far , ca n't close them properly , Size small was still to big for my baby who 's avarage size , I wish they would n't change this product !
 Swaddling is great if you use the right blanket , but this one is n't it . It 's too stretchy for a tight fit and the `` easy diaper change '' feature makes it too easy for the baby to kick out one or both legs , which just wakes them up . You 'd be better off buying a Miracle Blanket . They 're more expensive , but they actually work .
 My son lived in his Kiddopotamus fleece until he outgrew it/it got too hot . When we went up a size , I got the cotton knit , figuring it would be a similarly fantastic product . Unfortunately , I was mistaken.The whole idea of swaddling is to keep baby nice and tightly snuggled in , and the fleece did a fantastic job because it did n't have much stretch . The cotton knit can be stretched to about two times its length . My -LRB- formerly blissfully quietly sleeping -RRB- three-month-old would wiggle out within 15 minutes and wail until I 'd rescue him and repeat the process . I eventually threw it out.The other drawback to all the Kiddo 's is that they use velcro . So if you have an angel who will sleep through diaper changes -LRB- they do exist ! -RRB- you will absolutely certainly wake him or her while unfastening the velcro . I found that the Amazing Miracle Blanket was a five-star product . Once I got that one , I even gave up on the fleece Kiddo !
 Blanket was too big in the large size for 21 inch baby at 9 lbs . They have 2 sizes but no chart to figure out which size you need . The velcro tabs are small and she could easily slip out . I 'm waiting until the baby is bigger to use it , but we 're in the third month and still waiting . Other reviews have said the small was too small , so I 'm not sure . Would recommend Miracle Blanket ; costs more but is one-size fits all and is adjustable as they grow . Just do n't put it in the dryer ...
 I agree with the first reviewer , `` Cindy '' -- I love the concept , but the proportions on this swaddler just are n't right , unless you have a really tiny baby or one that does n't kick his/her legs much -LRB- my one-month old boy weighs 11 lbs and is 23 inches long . -RRB- . The velcro does n't hold because the patches are too small , and the knit fabric is too stretchy . However , I put him in the larger size SwaddleMe today , and it fits much better .
 I bought several of these for my daughter . First , she was too small , so I swaddled her using a traditional blanket . Then , they fit , but the fabric would stretch out during the night and she 'd get her arms up and wake herself up . Finally we spent the extra money for an Amazing Miracle Blanket . It is AMAZING and worth every penny -- instead of buying several of these , buy ONE Amazing Miracle Blanket and test it out . You 'll see that I am right !
 I have used the small and large size of these swaddlers and would n't waste my money again . I have to wrap my son so tight for these to work , that I wo n't be using them anymore . Too many nights he wakes because his hands escape . It 's not worth the disrupted sleep . I liked that these were more affordable than the other `` miracle '' brand , but ended up wasting more money because these did n't work for me . Other swaddling blankets , such as the `` miracle '' blanket do not solely rely on wrapping tight , but also have other tucking aspects that make it effective . If you have a Houdini baby , do n't waste your money .
 According to the weight listed on the package , this item should fit a baby 3-6 months of age -LRB- 14-22 lbs -RRB- My son is 13lbs and this does NOT fit him well . I wish I could post a pic to describe it better , but the opening in the front is still open . He wakes himself up by the slightest movement , and I was excited that he may be able to sleep finally without me holding him still , but I have been let down . AS I TYPE , MY SON IS STICKING HIS HANDS RIGHT THROUGH THE FRONT !!! I do LOVE the fabric , and the design , but the weight limit is wrong , this would do best for a NB up to maybe 10lbs . Approval In ... Fabric
 I purchased the `` small '' -LRB- 7-14 lb . -RRB- size for my 10 lb . baby and it was far too small . The fabric was nice , color a bit garish , but we really did n't get to experience this product because it was n't large enough for our baby.We have used the Halo swaddle sacks , and we like them . Moreover , they 're truer to the stated size.Halo : Halo Innovations Newborn 100 % Cotton Sleepsack Swaddle , Sage Pin Dot
 My way-too-big 4 month old loves to be swaddled - we all get better sleep when he is . I have a fleece Kiddo swaddler -LRB- large -RRB- that fits well - but is way too hot for the summer , so I thought I would invest in a new cotton one . This does NOT fit my 17 lb son at all - not even close . It 's tiny . It was a total waste . My old fleece Kiddo swaddler c. 2008 -LRB- we used them for my daughter too -RRB- is much larger . Seems they changed something up in the design - and it stinks ! I 'm very , very tired and wish someone had though about the 90 % weight babies !!
 Only used this twice as baby managed to kick his legs out of it . Could just be that he had a super strong kick . On the pro side , it was very soft & easy to put on the baby .
 Make sure its as tight as possible , otherwise the babies head can get inside and the baby could soffocate . The back/side should be totally covered in velcro so that you can stick the tabs where you need them
 I bought these breast shells to help with sore nipples while breastfeeding my second child . I had high hopes for this product because I had previously used the larger-sized Medela shells with my first son years before -LRB- I thought I was buying the same thing -RRB- . One problem with buying these online is that you ca n't see what size they are . They are very small , just big enough to fit over your nipples only , which makes these extremely awkward looking underneath clothing . It makes it look like you have giant , round nipples . Trust me , it 's not a cute profile.Another problem is that they are only made for people with smallish nipples . I do n't think I have particularly large nipples , but these cut right into the middle of mine , totally defeating the purpose of making them less sore.Finally , I only wore these two times , and both times they LEAKED MILK ALL OVER ME . The seal created by snapping the parts together is n't water tight , so the milk leaked right through both times even after I tried to secure them tightly . I was extremely disappointed in everything about these shells and wish I could get my money back.I highly recommend the Avent Isis Breast Shells intead . They 're more comfortable and more effective than the similar sized Medela shells , and certainly better than these little ones !
 I purchased these at Baby 's R Us because of the good reviews , but I have not had any luck with them . They did n't pull the nipple out far enough to make any difference , and the pressure on the nipple made me leak constantly . I would soak through a cloth pad in a couple of hours . They are suppose to have a reservoir to catch the milk , but your nipple must protrude a certain distance in order for the shell to work . My nipples were too flat , so I just ended up with wet , smelly breasts.They are also very large and extremely noticeable - there is no way I would wear them in public.I also think a previous reviewer got the medela shell types mixed up . This shell does not have a foam insert , and is hard plastic .
 just kinda scared cuz it had chinese and a made in china all over it . Would the FDA let us buy a tainted product for our kids ?
 very upset used pacifier !!! product came out of package with appearance of being very used realy !!! this was to be given as a gift but is clearly trash but it came in a timely manner
 Well it took over 2 weeks to get and when it arrived international from GUANGZHOU CHINA !!! it was unwrapped and stuff in a small bag ... how unsanitary is that ?! who knows where it has been . I was hoping to give this as a funny but still safe for the baby to use . But I think it would be super tacky to give an unwrapped pacifier ???? yuck !! I should have looked into where this thing was shipping from
 These are directly from China - really . Shipped in a brown envelope no pacifier case no wrapping . Like who would ever put this near a baby ? What a sick waste .
 my niece absolutely hates this thing . She hates the taste of it and she gagged the first 2 times I tried to give it to her , so I just gave up . What a waste ...
 For some reason these valves are too big for my pump . It is the right model and everything . Totally bummed .
 Shipping is outrageous!sure your prices look the best but the shipping is highway robbery!How dare you charge more for shipping then the item it 's self , and more than you indicated!the seller is a liar !
 This was the funniest thing at Halloween , but it was also broken.It lasted one day before it dropped out of his mouth and a whole 20 inches to the ground and snapped a piece off.I would not buy again .
 The foam padding inside this seat turned into a black powder within 4 months . I tried contacting combi but they do n't have an email address listed and when you call the 1800 number your call never gets through to a person or an answering service . I would like to give Amazon 5 stars for taking the item back when I contacted them and giving me back 100 % refund including the shipping . I just do n't agree with them for continuing to sell this dangerous product . The black power that the foam in this seat turns into could easily be swallowed by a young child and could cause serious medical problems . I have also reported this to the NTSB .
 Purchased because it was a good price and was comfortable for baby . Regret completely . The crotch latch is so short and uncomfortable for baby . Worst problem was trying to remove the pad for cleaning . Out of three carseats owned , this is the WORST to clean and put back together . Horrible !
 They say it works for infants , but without having to rig something to get it reclined enough , it does n't . Yeah , some other reviewers mentioned that you can put something under it to recline it more , but the point is that you should n't have to.Don ' t buy this garbage .
 The good news is that the seat seams to be safe , it has n't been recalled . Plus the weight range is great , it goes all the way up to 100 lbs . . The bad news is that it is very hard to install with the latch system . With the lap-shoulder-seat belt the installation is easier . It is hard to move around because it is cumbersome and all of its corners and sides cause bruises if you pick it up the wrong way . Furthermore , it does n't recline enough , which means that your child will be slumped forward when s/he falls asleep in it . That ca n't be good ! Especially if there were to be an accident it would seem that that would guarantee whiplash . Also , cleaning the car seat is a royal pain . In order to get the seat cushion off , you have to completely remove all belts , buckles and so forth . This is a 15-minute process that requires a screw driver to pop the plastic guides for the belts off !!! There is no quick and easy cleaning , it is a royal pain !!! When you get ready to potty-train , make sure you put a waterproof mat in the bottom of the car seat and have your child sit on it , unless , of course , you enjoy dismantling the car seat several times a day and spending 15 minutes each for disassembly and for reassembly after laundering the cushions . To me , that 's the biggest design flaw right after the issue of the slumping forward when falling asleep.I 'm using the seat because I have no money to buy another one right now , however , I would not buy it again and would not recommend it to anyone .
 I did a lot a research prior to purchasing this car seat . At first when my son was just transitioning to the convertible seat this carseat was fine , except for it was VERY VERY hard to install -LRB- no matter what car/suv -RRB- As my son has grown he has quickly become to big . The straps are too short and they pinch him . He head piece is hard to adjust as well . I do like the color and the fabric has worn well . Overall I wish I had bought another car seat .
 I really hate this after using the one we bought from Costco.We had read the review about some good points being safe andable to sleep well . Well , with our Honda Pilot , that chairsimple can not be reclined any bit for any comfort . And tryingto download instructions is a joke . It is so difficult and complicatedto use , I will NEVER recommend this to anyone other than an enemy.Our baby did not like it either , and the latch is so sharp I almostcut myself trying to unhook it to change to forward position -LRB- finally ! -RRB- It is very user friendly , unless you have a person dedicated totaking care of your baby and is mechanically inclined , do n't bother.Single moms should really stay away from this unless you haveall the time and resources in the world . I am sorry to soundso frustrated , but I am . It might be safe , but very difficult touse .
 I bought this seat since it was a `` Best Buy '' on Consumer Reports . I began using it when my son was 8 months old and too heavy to lug around the infant seat . Like others have said , his poor head always falls forward when he falls asleep . It looks very uncomfortable ! In addition , it took 2 people to install the darn thing and we still never completely got it level to the ground when rear-facing . We used blankets , etc. . If I had actually gotten it level to the ground , I would never have been able to have a front seat passenger -- and I have a Ford Explorer ... not a tiny compact car !!! I have never been able to get the harness tight enough on my son 's chest . For some reason , it seems that the harness gets caught in the back and even though I pull with all my might , I can not get it to budge . The final icing on the cake was this morning when I had to remove the seat so that my babysitter would have one while she kept my son today . It took me over 20 minutes to get the stupid thing out of the car !!! I bought a `` cheap '' $ 100 seat for my husband 's truck and my son loves it -- I think I 'm gon na buy another one and ditch this piece of crap !
 For all of the reviews that said this car seat was a pain to work with , we thought we 'd give it a try . After all , it is very highly rated for safety . Well , believe those reviews . I would rather have spent the extra money for an easier car seat to deal with.We should have known better when the fireman at the free car seat check-up/installation took one look and groaned .
 I 'm sure this item would have been nice except that my mom never got it . I bought it as part of a surprise gift for my daughter and had it shipped to my mom because they wo n't ship to APO . It 's a shame that this company wo n't send stuff to the military families serving overseas , protecting their rights . Anywho , my mom never received any of the stuff and when I reported it to the company they pretty much called my mom a lier and told me that I was out of luck and was n't going to get my money back . Thank goodness that Amazon stepped in and gave me my money back , but now I am still stuck with out any bedding for my daughters new bed . SO , I am NOT happy and satisfied with this company and I will make sure to tell all my friends not to trust this company .
 Material is too thin to look nice . When the sun is shining , you ca n't even see the design . Seems to be nicely constructed otherwise , but just does n't look that nice .
 We got this car seat as a gift . From the beginning we had problems with it . The seat did n't seem to fit into the base very well , and it was always a struggle to connect and disconnect the seat from the base . The second time we used the seat , we noticed the foam pads inside the head support had disintegrated into dust , and had gotten all over our baby 's head and clothes . There is a reason why this car seat it so cheap , and its because its a poor quality product . Luckily , we purchased a Graco car seat and have had no problems with it .
 I purchased this item a few months ago and just took it out of the box for my daughter born the end of November ... well all the padding has completely broken down and flaked all over !!!! I now have a complaint against combi pending and now must purchase a new seat because i will not put her in this one !!!!!!!!! do not purchase !!!!! who only knows what the material is made of -LRB- it was made in Italy -RRB- less then 1 star
 I purchased this stuff about half year ago when there is a promotion at Amazon . My daughter was born in Oct and we started to use this . On the second day , we found the sponge in the car seat had been degraded and were completely in the form of powder . Even worse , the sewing was so terrible that the disgusting powder continuously dropping everywhere . We had to make more stitches to keep that stuff inside . I will never buy any product with this brand in the future ! never forever !
 I thought I could deal with the things other reviewers said about this seat , but really , it was a waste of money . The lining is disintegrating and the base stuck to the seat for weeks and I could n't separate the two . Go with something else !
 I ordered this for my 3rd child in May . My baby was due in August . Within a few weeks of use the foam padding was turning to dust . Tried to contact Amazon -LRB- ha ! -RRB- I finally contacted Combi and they sent a replacement free of charge -LRB- not even shipping -RRB- . Now , a month later , it is turning to dust . Also , when the new cover was sent the newborn insert and the padding for the belt was not included . I do n't think you can buy this product anymore , but if you can DO N'T !!!
 I also had the problem with the disintegrating cover -LRB- after 2 months of use -RRB- , but got a free replacement from Combi , and it arrived within two days after calling to complain . Much better customer service than I would have guessed based on other reviews.My son was comfortable in this seat , it was nicely padded and had ample space . My one complaint was with loosening the strap . I actually had to dig around under the car seat cover and press down really hard to loosen the straps , despite the red stitching in the cover where it says to press . The cover is way too thick to pull that off.UPDATE
 I used this carseat for 6 months . From day 1 , the foam in the padding started to disintegrate into dust . It 's disgusting . And it got worse as time went on . You can take the padding out and shake all the dust off and the next day that you use it , its all there again.I was also missing the canopy in my box and they offered to send me one for `` free '' but the shipping was $ 17 . I paid them for the shipping because the canopy is a necessity for me but felt really disappointed in the company for it -LRB- by the way , the postage stamped on the envelope that the canopy came in was about $ 3 -RRB- . If it were n't for the poor customer service and the disintegrating foam , the carseat would be a 3 star anyway . Its often hard to remove from the base and you have to work it free . The carrying handle is also often hard to put down because the side button releases get stuck . I really regret my choice in buying Combi , I wo n't make that mistake again .
 Do n't buy this from amazon.com . Sponge inside of the carseat cover became a dust when I first open the box and the dust was spreaded everywhere . Nobody would n't want to use this dirty stuff for newborns . Do n't be fooled by its price .
 This is the WORST baby car seat That I 've EVER purchased !! I purchased this seat for my daughter 's new baby , I bought this 3 weeks before she was due , this seat was n't even out of the box -LRB- except for intial inspection -RRB- until 6/14 when Braylon was born . With in the 1st week the stuffing was falling out and by 3 weeks this seat was no longer safe enough to protect him in the car as the seat latch broke and the `` hoodie '' used to protect his little eyes from the sun ALSO broke ! Amazon does n't give refunds after 4 weeks . This really was n't Amazon 's fault as they were just `` selling '' it for the Omni company . Omni said they would NOT replace this seat or refund my money ! There 's nothing I know to do besides contact them directly and they threw it back in Amazon 's lap ! Now I see Amazon 's not selling this style anymore ! My Grandson now has to `` settle '' for a used car seat since I ca n't afford another one right now ! Steer clear of this company as they do not care about your baby 's safety ! These people are lower than low when they wo n't stand behind their products that are supposed to protect out children ! These people actually HAD a good reputation for safe car seats ! NOT TRUE !! READ ALL the other reviews !!
 I did massive research for a carseat and would not recommend this one . Bulky , long car seat base which does not fit well in Honda civic . Flimsy canopy , heavy seat , padding that dissolved when washed by hand . Very disappointed .
 I bought this seat because it seemed like it was quality , had a good price , and was n't too girly -LRB- for me the dad -RRB- . After a couple of months , all of the foam padding started deteriorating creating chunks of dirty foam all over my car . It eventually would turn to dust and get in my daughter 's eyes . It 's really horrible . Because the seat was used much less than her mom 's it lasted long enough for her to outgrow it , but I really wish I had replaced it earlier.If that 's not enough for you , the fact that the buckles are really hard to snap in even when my girl is sitting still is an even better reason to hate this seat . Once you 've got your child 's arms through , you clip the top of the belts to each other then have to align the two buckles holding them together in the most precarious way , then shove them into the other end of the buckle . Our other seat allows you to insert one at a time , without the need to perform some sort of magical feat to accomplish.The seat detaches from the base which most infant seats do , but that 's even harder to release than the buckles are to latch . :-LRB- You have to push down the seat/push up the base , all while pressing a giant release button that always seems to get stuck .
 It is hard to buckle , you really have to push hard and make sure not to pinch baby at the same time . Canopy is very flimsy and droops , not to mention , short and does n't cover well . Velcro from diapers , pacifier holder , etc pulls the fabric giving it a pilled look . The foam underneath is crumbling and making messes everywhere . I bought it before she was born so it is too late to return it now that I know all this ! However , it is very light and easy to carry .
 I bought this car seat based on good rating . I did not have any problems with shipping or the product when received . The car seat looks and feels very comfortable . After 1 month of use , I saw some dust on the seat of the car coming from the padded foam inside the top cover of the car seat . It looks like the foam is of very low quality and ca n't last long . I am going to contact Combi to see what they can do but for now , I am very disappointed with the product . I hope other people do n't have the same issue .
 I bought this model from a store , but it was pink . I brought it home and had my daughter sit in it uninstalled . She is 31/2 , weighs 34 lbs , and measures 31 '' from shoulder to floor standing . ALthough very average in size , she was too tall for the harness -LRB- the strap came out a tad below -RRB- and too small to use the car 's seat belt . I do n't see how this seat is safe for the majority of toddlers . Are people moving to booster too quickly because of this product ? They must be !
 I purchased this for my youngest granddaughter who outgrew the other seat I had . I wanted a five point unit that would work with just a seatbelt as I do not have shoulder straps in the back of the car . -LRB- I would have prefered the Fisher Price 20/60 five point unit but they stopped making it . -RRB- She fit in the seat with the straps in the upper slots . Unfortunately , there is a lump about an inch below the upper slots in the middle of the seat where one of the latching straps is attached to the rear of the seat . She felt this through a light winter coat . I had to put padding between the seat and the seat cover to prevent the bump from bothering her.If a child is smaller enough for you to use the lower strap holes they probably wo n't feel the lump as it will be between their shoulders and their neck . However , if they are large enough to require the use of the upper strap holes they will have the lump pressing against their spine .
 I 'm returning this car seat . After only using it twice , the belt clip pulled right out when I went to clip my child into the seat . I was disconcerted when it came out so easily and wondered how easily it might come out in an actual car accident . The manual tells you how to re-insert it , but the model I bought only has one slot for it , so there is no reason to make it easy to pull out -LRB- since it is n't adjustable with multiple slots for different sized kids -RRB- . I 'm not taking my chances on this seat ...
 A family friend bought us this booster as a gift because it has all of the features that she knew we were looking for in a booster . However , it is very difficult to adjust and the way it sits in our vehicle causes my son 's legs fall asleep every time he rides in it . The straps are dependent on each other , so as you try to loosen one side you have to tighten the other . It takes a lot of fussing around with to get the straps tightened securely . Our son is currently in an Evenflo Triumph and the knob tightening system on that is a pain also , so I think it is time to pay the price for a Britax , just for the ease of use . Luckily , the booster was purchased at Costco and they will take it back used and all for a cash refund !
 I purchased this seat after it received a favorable review from Baby Bargains . I was fairly happy with the seat at first -- it reclines much more than our Britax seat and is good for long trips with a baby . The fabric seems cheap and the straps and buckle are difficult to work with , though . After approximately six months of use , we went to turn the seat forward and found that the seat foam was actually disentegrating under the outer cover . I had to vacuum out the car to get it all up -LRB- and I 've never even put the cover through the wash -RRB- . I 'm contacting Combi to try and get a return .
 This car seat is falsely advertised as being able to hold a child up to 100 pounds , do not be deceived . It only holds a child up to 40 lbs . and Amazon has yet to change the wording on the description . The price IS too good to be true .
 I ordered this cup , but received the new ` Twist & Click ' version of the princess cup that is white or beige with the clear outer shell , and the silver stripe at the top of the cup . They do not appear to have the version in the photo .
 I have 5 of these cups , have loved them , and just ordered 3 more . But when they arrived I noticed that there is nothing on the packaging saying they are BPA-free . I just assumed Playtex and Baby Einstein items would be safe , but maybe not . Should I toss them out ?? They are great otherwise - rarely leak or spill , my 18-month old loves them .
 The spout on this cup is very dangerous . It tends to crack and split apart causing small pieces to break off . I purchased two of these cups and within a short amount of time the spout on both cups cracked . Fortunately , I discovered the problem before pieces actually broke off in my son 's mouth . I believe this product should be recalled and I 'm writing to Playtex to make sure they know about it .
 because my little girl loves to chew on her sippy cups . I hate I bought it but I do n't recall seeing `` Not for chewing '' on the outer packaging but the instructions say this is not for being chewed on . Also liquid pours out with no suction .
 hard to imagine that someone can mess up a simple and common enough device but that 's exactly what baby einstein did with this one . the handle is fat and heavy so everytime i left it in my baby 's bowl , it became the perfect catapult . the baby has n't started feeding himself yet but the spoon itself is making all the mess .
 This item looked good online , but is made from really soft tin that warps easily . It arrived damaged and was clearly not made to be long-lasting , so as a keepsake it is worthless . The molding material is supposed to be really easy to use , that 's why I bought it , but it 's no good without the display tin . Just imagine if your child gets his hands on it ...
 This book shelf did not last long at my home , I had to replace it after about one year . It started rocking from side to side after a few months and the books started leaning forward and falling out . Would not recommend it for homes with children under 5 years old .
 We bought this so that the stroller could have shade from the front . It was hard to put on and keep stable , and the parts broke easily . Not worth it !
 I bought this to shade my baby in her umbrella stroller while vacationing at the beach . The umbrella is SMALL and difficult to reposition . Definitely a waste of money . Better to invest in a more expensive umbrella stroller or lightweight stroller that comes with a sunshade .
 I do not like this item , I have a Peg Perego Pliko and the frame of this stroller is more like an oval , the umbrella attachment is meant to fit on a round frame . It 's not versatile at all , it will attach to my stroller tightly but as soon as you roll over any bumps it loosens and falls . I struggled so much with the thing I just gave up and put a blanket over the stroller to block the sun from my baby . I would n't recommend this unless you are 100 % sure it will attch properly to your stroller .
 If I could give this idiotic contraption 0 stars I would . There is no good way to attach it so it never adequately shields the baby . What 's more , it topples over onto baby if you so much as breath on it , making it not only useless but dangerous .
 This is my least favorite cup that we have tried . It does n't leak when dropped , but the liquid tends to come up the straw -LRB- when open or closed -RRB- . I 've checked and double-checked that the straw is in correctly and I ca n't figure out why this happens , but I 've read reviews where other moms had similar problems . It is insulated which is good for milk or hot days . The straw is 2 pieces and easy to clean and assemble . The cup is top-rack dishwasher safe .
 The leaking with this cup is simply terrible , and it seems to have a mind of its own . It does n't necessarily leak when you tip it over . It leaks AS SOON AS YOU PUT LIQUID IN IT AND CLOSE THE TOP . It just oozes milk everywhere . We are so careful about making sure the straw parts are positioned carefully , but it still leaks.It leaks less if you only fill it halfway , but that is so little milk.I am still searching for a good insulated cup that does n't leak , but I have n't found it yet ... Edited 4/17/10
 I am about to return this stroller tomorrow -- 3 months after purchase . I bought this as my back-up stroller for vacations and to keep in the car . I wanted a middle range stroller that was comfortable , reclined and had a basket . This stroller seemed perfect and up until 2 weeks ago it was great . However , I took it on a one-week trip and absolutely hated it by the second day . Here are the problems that I found :1 . My 13 month old daughter kept slipping out of the seat . Unlike other strollers , this one 's seat does not have a slight recline . Instead it is parallel to the ground which did n't keep my daughter contained . The only thing that kept her in place was the center seat strap which did n't look comfortable .2 . The seatback does not adjust to a very good upright position and also does n't stay tight . I had to rig the carry strap in order to keep my daughter in somewhat of a sitting position .3 . The basket rubs the tires and eventually wore holes in the mesh .4 . The brakes are difficult to release with your foot although they are down by the wheels . Plus the brakes did not work well for us -- stroller slid across a bus while the wheels were locked .5 . 5 point harness is great , but the straps are very difficult to adjust.It is too bad that the above things happened during my trip . I really liked the easy of folding this stroller , the lite weight and the great cup holder . Luckily , the store manager agreed to take back the stroller even though I did n't have the box .
 If this were based on looks alone ... i would give it five stars.But , it 's not just about looks on this item.This item , as adorable as it is ... is a complete nightmare to put together . The holes for the screws did not line up ... making the piecing together process only the more difficult . In addition , my instructions seemed to be a bit confusing ... even leading me through attaching the decorative wheels , which were already attached whent the item arrived.When I contacted Guidecraft -LRB- the company who makes the item -RRB- the woman was very condescending and far from helpful ... when I explained that I thought I had an older version of instructions that came with mine , she simply said , `` I 'm just going to believe you , but our product rarely arrives with the decorative wheels on it '' ... okay ... I obviously fell into the `` rarely '' group.The hinges are also difficult ... because from the picture in the instructions -LRB- tip to guidecraft
 This circus toy box is vibrant and fun looking , but the holes Guidecraft bored into it are too small to properly fit the screws.If you 're looking for a unique , pretty toy box , then this is one to consider . However , you should have a drill and your own screws on hand to complete its assemblance . Then you 'll be glad you bought it . Otherwise , this product is bound to frustrate you .
 Very , very cute toy box , but it 's an overpriced example of a cheap made-in-China product . Pre-drilled screw holes were off and the chemical and paint smell out of the box made it obvious that it was n't the healthiest product for a really young child .
 These were alot bigger then I expected , make sure that you have a perfect spot for these , they look best clustered together like one on top and two on the bottom , they to were not the exact color I thought they would be , they were faded to .
 This product is awful . The wood quality is nice , and it is nice looking , but the quality of the assembly and the difficulty of assembly is totally unacceptable . Normally , I would expect this to be screwed together . In this case , you are actually DRILLING INTO THE WOOD ! They supposedly provide pilot holes , but the pilot holes are rarely adequate to accept the screws that you need to screw into the wood , so you end up having to drill them yourself . Or , you can learn the hard way and strip some of the screws during the assembly . This product is a total ripoff !! Guidecraft , the manufacturer , has a phone number you can call for help . However , when you call , you 'll find that you can not get through to anybody . You sit on hold , and then get sent to a voice mailbox , which you can not even leave a message on because the mailbox is full!Purchase this product at your own risk . Avoide Guidecraft for your toybox purchase .
 I could n't even bring myself to give this gift it was so pathetically junky . It should have been $ 5 .
 Great if you are looking for a short term , cheap product , but you get what you pay for . when ours came , it was already cracking on the folds - its that cheap plastic-like material . doesnt seem like it would last long .
 I bought these because the price was unbeatable and who would n't want to `` calm '' their child . However , I guess I am spoiled because I know what quality lavender fragrance smells like because these wipes have a disgusting chemical smell that even my baby turns his nose up at if I try to wipe his face . While they did the trick as far as cleaning , I would never buy these again because of the horrible stench .
 I am a 170 lbs man and even with standing on the carseat base I could not get it tight enough . I had to use a locking clip , which is n't a big deal . I had to do this with our old infant carrier base . But even though the seatbelt was so tight I could n't get a fingernail under it , I could move the base 4-6 inches in each direction and I could actually flip the base up so that it rested against the seat back . I put our old infant carrier base in and it was very snug ... could barely move it in any direction . This is an extremely poor design and completely unsafe .
 I bought this carseat to go with my Journey travel system that has the Embrace 35 car seat . THIS BASE DOES NOT FIT THE EMBRACE 35 . That needs to be more clearly stated in the description ! Now I have to go through the hassle of returning this base and I 've lost my registery discount for this item . Also , the base they sent me was manufactured 6-1-2007 so it is expired !!!!!
 We 've had nothing but problems with our Evenflo Embrace Infant Seat and Base . Let me just list ... First , we live 2 hours from BRU , so I guess I 'm partially to blame for not opening up the actual box and inspecting the seat before taking it home two weeks before my baby was due . But , I did n't . The next day when we opened the box to install the seat , we discovered the seat cover was ripped . I did however email Evenflo and explain that there was no way I could make another 4 hour round trip journey to BRU to exchange the carseat while 9 months pregnant . They shipped a new cover out and we had it before our daughter was born.So , now we 're trying to install that base in the car ... let 's just say it was a task that should have taken 20 minutes tops but ended up taking over an hour . The instructions say that the base should n't move more than 1 inch when secured properly , but we never managed to get that to happen . The side that 's not secured by the seatbelt just bops up and down , and even though we had it securely fastened in the seat , it still slid side to side more than 1 inch.But the real problem was after our daughter was born getting the seat adjusted so that her poor little head did not fall forward . Even on the most reclined setting , the seat was sitting straight up and down . Being new parents , we did n't know that her head was n't supposed to do that , so I sat in the back seat every time we went somewhere holding her head up . Finally , one of my friends with kids mentioned that she should be more reclined and we put a folded up towl under the seat to help her sit back farther . It helped some , but it still was n't great.It keeps getting worse though ... the handle to the seat has some difficulty locking/unlocking , and TWICE when I was carrying my daughter in the seat did the handle magically unlock and the carseat flip forward . Luckily she was securely strapped in and it only scared us both . If she had happened to not be strapped in -LRB- when she was very young I would sometimes sit her in the seat while I made dinner -RRB- she would have fallen to the ground and been injured.I would HIGHLY recommend getting any other infant seat than this one . We thought that since we were paying $ 100 plus and additional $ 40 for a second base that we were getting a good product . What we 've learned is that $ $ $ does n't equal quality .
 My husband and I have found this base along with the evenflo base that came with our travel system to be unsafe and a hassel to install . We have had to put towels underneath it to make it tilt back enough for our newborn . It only secures at one end so the other end flops up and down . Fits great in our SUV but to big for our car . If you go to a Babies R Us store they have an acutal car seat that the let you strap any carseat and base into to test it . Do n't make our mistake . Test it before you buy it .
 Why are they so expensive here ? At least twice the price that they normally are at a drugstore ! I love Amazon , but it drives me crazy when they jack the price up on random items . I thought I was supposed to get a the best price here .
 I bought this for my 3 month old to get more tummy time but the &#34; pillow &#34; and I use that loosely is really small ! It barely pushes her up so her face just goes right into the mat . The ball turns on the part that is turned up but that is it . Not worth it at all .
 I purchased this the other day before reading reviews . It looked cute and colorful . It is very small , has very few toys and afer assembling it I discovered not only was the giraffe velcro piece coming detached but that particular piece does n't come with a toy . I am not crazy at the idea that the toys velcro instead of being stationary or having links to hold them in place . I read another review on the site I purchased it from that a Mother 's baby choked on the butterflies after removing them by grabbing ahold of them . Her father discovered her choking child thankfully . The tiger only plays 2 tunes and not nearly long enough . The only plus I would even consider giving this is the bright colors and easy assembly but simply not worth it ! I can see it becoming an easy bore for any baby .
 I am taking this back ASAP . . my 3 month son and I both hate it . I really love the idea of it , but it just did n't work for us . One of the reasons I bought it was because it played music , but it only lasts for 5 seconds . Seriously , how is that long enough to be able to put `` musical '' in the title ? The pillow is pointless because it 's so small . He liked the mirror and the toucan , but they only kept him entertained for maybe a minute before he became fussy with those also . For nearly $ 40 , this just is n't worth it . . to me at least .
 I have many of the fisher price items and have most of the rainforest products but found this disappointing . Child showed very little interest in it and had no growth potential for her . I will continue buying the rainforest collection hope to have better luck .
 Very nice product . I like the colors and style but since when do you have giraffes in the rainforest?Not very educational for your kid ehh ...
 I ca n't imagine any baby being interested in this . There is really not much to it , the velcro pieces pull off easily , the music player hangs down in the baby 's face so if they roll over they hit their head on it , and the mirror/ball/flap on the end is pointless . The flap was almost permanently folded down , the ball barely spins , and the mirror is tiny . My son never cared anything for this playmat ; when he got a little older he used it to stand up . All in all , this thing is a complete waste of money . If this playmat actually entertains a baby , it wo n't last very long .
 I bought this mat as I thought it would be good for my daughter to grow with . The velcro butterflies and toucan seemed like a good idea at first , but now that she 's had it for about a month the velcro has worn and the butterflies do n't stick for very long . She still likes the musical tiger , but the butterflies were what held her interest and now she can pull them off immediately . She 's 4 months old and I bought it when she was a little over 3 months old . I think it 's worth it to spend a little more and get a bigger play mat without velcro as it will last longer . She loves to play on the Tiny Love activity mat that our babysitter has .
 The toys are velcro on . The Toys are also very high up and hard to reach . My child is 6 months and I bought this as another thing for her to do . She could barley reach it and she is tall for her age . The hanging Zebra is hard to work . The only thing she liked was teh butterflys , which she yanked off withing hte first 5 minutes and started chewing on . Fisher price can do better .
 My 5 month old liked this initially , but he 's officially bored with it now . I wish I would 've bought a play mat with more hanging toys . The 2 hanging toys are lame . Spend a little more , buy something with more toys !
 Thought that this was very cute and had many things to do however I think it looks better than it actually is . My daughter really could have cared less about the entire thing . There really is only 4 things hanging down and they really do n't go OVER the baby . I think that the entire point of a baby gym is to have the toys over the baby to reach out a grab . This is a total miss .
 Do n't buy this gym ! Get a bigger one!We have a small house so I thought the smaller gym would be a good idea , but I really regret it . The pieces do n't fit together quite right and things hang a little crooked , and it was hard to put together . The toys are not very fun or educational . Last , the narrow width is really bad - once your baby gets excited in the gym and tries to roll over , they ca n't - they will be prevented by the narrowness and the toy bar . One one of the larger square gyms , rolling over would be no problem , and rolling over is such an important skill . I feel like another gym would have offered a lot more possibilities and growth ! I would NOT buy this one again . While I am glad there is a low-priced option for people who really ca n't afford a larger gym , do n't buy this gym if you can possibly afford a bigger one !
 We got this as a gift but I am not impressed . We also have the Tiny Love Gymini and that is way better for only a little more money.This FP gym is small . It is a pain to put together . It feels a little cheap and the toys are n't as soft or as well made as the Tiny Love.My kid was n't interested in it at all compared to the Tiny Love . Also the Tiny Love pops open easily and stores really easily .
 If I could I would give this item NO stars . It does absolutely nothing and I wish I would have never purchased it . My son was not impressed with this toy . HORRIBLE !!
 What I like : - Colorful - Hanging objects are mildly entertaining - SmallWhat I Do n't like : - Baby was only entertained for about 5 minutes max - `` Musical '' part was two 5 second tunes - Claim that it will grow with baby . I think baby will not be amused by it as soon as theres anything else to look at . - Pillow is so small its uselessThis will be the first to go when I start to sell my baby toys . I would n't bother saving it for my second child .
 I am a religious shopper of Amazon and have NEVER been more disappointed . The item in the picture is not the item that was delivered to my home . The nipple is much longer and not flat as shown in the picture . This is false advertising and I would not recommend going through with your purchase of this item .
 so i ordered these bottles that are shown in the picture right so you would think that you get getting what are are looking at you do in stores you should on line well when i got my package it was not what i ordered why would i spend this much money on this bottle when i can get in in store for so so much cheaper . my daughter is 3 months old and im a ful time breast feeder well i just recently went back to work havent found any bottle that hve worked a friend let me try hers out like the one shown in pictures and its the only thing she will take so i tried to get my own i had to leave work 3 days in a row tahts every day since i have been back just to feed cuz i had to reorded the bottles adn they are still not what i had ordered i talked to the ladies at amazon and now they are saying the picture is wrong . dont order these if you want square top nipples you will reciever round squar top nipples are very hard to find and you will not find them here
 I was excited to receive the bottle show because my daughter is having a very rough time learning to use a bottle . When i opened the package the bottle was just an Original Playtex bottle , Not the one shown in the picture when you place your order . Dont make the same mistake I did and Do Not Order from this seller !
 I was so excited when I found this bottle on Amazon . My daughter is having a very hard time transitioning from the breast to the bottle and some of my friends with older kids have told me to buy the square nipple Playtex bottle . The picture and description make you believe that is what you are buying . WRONG . I received the bottle and it is just the regular platex nipple -LRB- brown , but not square nipple -RRB- . It is total false advertising and makes me angry that I wasted money on something I will never use . It 's not even worth the time to print out the return receipt and go to the post office to return it . Unless you just want to throw your money away , do not buy this .
 I order this bottle for my daughter who is breast feeding and having a hard time getting the baby to take a bottle . I ordered this bottle because of the nipple . When I received this bottle it was not what I ordered . She already had the nipple that they sent with the bottle . I was very disappointed in this purchase . Not what I ordered I wanted the original nurser bottle with the original nipple like in the picture .
 My daughter is exclusively breastfed . My husband and I have an event to attend in a few weeks , so we 've been trying to give her a bottle -LRB- of breast milk -RRB- , but she keeps refusing it . We have tried different bottles , and finally someone recommended this one . I ordered it , and what we receieved was something different . I wanted this one specifically for the type of nipple it has . The one we received has the same as other bottles we already have around the house , which she is not taking . Very disappointed .
 Even though I ordered the largest size of netting protector , it did not cover even 1/2 the diameter . I have a potted tree in a very large pot that I did not want my young sons -LRB- 1yr & 2yr -RRB- getting into . So I ordered this product thinking this will solve my problem , but it did not fit and tore rendering the product completely useless and big waste of money ! The sizes need to be specific to the diameters of the pots so that you can measure . I am now back to my original home made cover which is a giant plastic plant water catcher that I cut in half with some heavy weights on top to keep the plastic on . Looks bad when not covered by a tree skirt , but it works !
 After our first baby , my husband and discovered that a messenger style diaper bag works well for daily use , but a backpack is better for vacations and airline travel because it frees your hands . For our first baby , we were just using a regular backpack and putting all of our diapering supplies in there . But when our second child was born , I wanted to look into a backpack with diaper bag features.I looked at four backpack diaper bags and returned this one . I have posted several additional photos of this backpack on Amazon to help others see it better before buying.Good Points of this Diaper Backpack :1 . If you have the Maclaren Stroller apparently this backpack matches it .2 . Was the best insulated bottle holder I saw . The larger diameter Avent bottles actually fit in it .3 . Not much else to say.Bad points of this diaper backpack :1 . Drawstring closure at top is very difficult to use and could probably come open while you are trying to unzip the bottom of the pack to access the diaper compartment . Very bad design2 . You have to tip over the backpack to utilize the diaper compartment on the bottom . This is a big problem since the top only has a drawstring closure .3 . Since there is no zipper opening at the top going down the sides , it is very difficult to access items that you might have stored in the bottom of the top compartment of the backpack.I ended up purchasing the Molehill Mountain Backpack diaper bag and have been very happy with the purchase . I was impressed by another backpack more than the Molehill Mountain pack -LRB- which was the Urban Backpack Diaper Bag by One Step Ahead -RRB- , but it was $ 50 more in price and outside my budget .
 I 'm not sure what I was thinking getting this . I wanted something that would hold my drinks -LRB- like my son 's old sturdy stroller -RRB- and provide more storage . It does not hold drinks , they all fall over if you put anything in the drink holder . And the pocket is nice for keys and other things , but if my son is not in the stroller it is back heavy and falls over . I wish I kept the box so I could return it .
 I received this from my mother-in-law -LRB- she bought every conceivable accessory for our stroller -RRB- . At first I liked this because it gave me more storage and cup holders . The only function that I actually used was the cup holders , which do n't work as well as a hard cup holder would . While I used this bag , it caused more frustration than anything . It was always getting in the way and I was having to fold it up so that I could see what I was doing when folding it . The final straw came 6 months after using it . We had been having issues getting the stroller unfolded and I was considering sending the whole stroller back . As a last attempt , I took the bag off , and miracle of miracles ! The stroller folds up fine ! In my opinion , do n't waste your money , just buy a standard cup holder !
 Not Yet deliver yet one month after oredering!Not good at all
 I really wanted to love this product , but I have to say I 've only used it a couple times . It just is n't as practical as it looks . It 's nice to have the cup holders , but they only fit bottled beverages . The netted portion is REALLY deep , making it very difficult to get items out of it .
 I am returning this item today . I am so disappointed . I thought by buying the Maclaren accessory I would get the best quality item , but this really falls short . I bought this specifically to have a place to hold drinks , and the only thing that would fit in these holders were the very slimmest water bottles . I suppose you could place a traditional baby bottle into these compartments , but my child uses a wide bottle and it just wouldnt fit . Even a slim single serve disposable water bottle had to be squeezed and pushed into the holder and trying to pull it back out would be a two handed job , certainly nothing you could do easily while strolling .
 I bought this for the cupholders . I have n't found a single water bottle , mug , cup , etc that has been able to fit into them . I have the Techno XT which already has storage , so this extra bag was n't really needed , only the cupholders , which are n't useful to me . I wish I had n't bought it : \
 Love my Volo , do n't quite love this thing . I am keeping it and not returning it only because it was only $ 12 , and it IS nice to have some extra storage to stash my keys and cell phone when running errands.However , the cup/bottle holders are pretty much useless ... which is the primary reason I bought this . Do n't even bother trying to use them unless you have a roll of papertowels handy . I 'm not sure I could even fit an Avent wide-neck bottle in there , I think the only ones that would really fit would be the tall/skinny bottles . Bummer.ETA
 Do n't buy this stroller ! For being such an expensive stroller Quinny Buzz made from very cheap material . Especially back -LRB- inflatable tires -RRB- , it just a joke , we got a fist flat tire after 3 month of use . They sent us one replacement after 4 weeks , meanwhile we took old -LRB- el-cheapo stroller from our friends -RRB- . After one year both tires went flat -LRB- I do n't know what kind of rubber they are using , but tires were completely worn off -RRB- . This time customer service was n't that friendly they were keep saying us -LRB- `` out of stock '' , `` wait 4 weeks '' and other BS -RRB- . And they told me that tires for Quinny Buzz is not for sale in Canada -LRB- where we live -RRB- and could be only ordered from UK . So forget about warranty , you ca n't get one even if you want to pay for stupid tires . 4 month left !!! We still use old `` el-cheapo '' stroller that we borrowed from friends a year ago . My wife keep calling customer support once for a while , just because I make too much fun from this story . We bought it in Sears -LRB- Canada -RRB- .
 As a mother of 6 I have had a lot of pushchairs , none of these have been as expensive and disappointing as the quinny buzz.In my opinion , the quinny buzz is the biggest waste of money ever . To start with can I just say its a great looking pushchair . Its just so unreliable . I have used this pram for 5 months now and had nothing but problems.After 3 weeks of use the back tyre popped , I had to get it fixed and it popped again . Both back tyres took turns to pop for the next few weeks until I replaced them with expensive off road tyres.Also the brake does not work ! I have tried for months but its so stiff . You think you have managed to put it on and then the pram rolls . Very dangerous!The shopping basket is too close to the front tyre so now the shopping basket has a friction hole in it from rubbing on the tyre . -LRB- The basket is useless anyway it doesnt hold anything . -RRB- The 2 back tyres are very wide and I struggle getting in some doorways.The pram is so fiddly to get down . Impossible to hold your baby and collapse the pram . You have to take the whole -LRB- bulky -RRB- seat unit off then push one circle while twisting the other then pull towards yourself . Its a two hand job whilst trying to stop the pram from rolling all over the place . Nothing like the simple one hand fold prams I 've had in the past.Its such a big bulky pram and its only good to look at . Very good looking pram but an absolute nightmare to use !
 I have an 18 month old . Fell in love with the Quinny Buzz 4 and received at as a VERY GENEROUS shower gift . We traveled with it a lot and when you fold it and check it , it will almost always pop up making the handlers frustrated as they will never know how to fold it back down . We got around this by using very strong velcro straps that we would wrap around the parts after folding it . I called the manufacturer today to say I wanted to service my $ 600 stroller in Los Angeles but could n't find anyone who does this . It 's gotten very loose and the connections are not standard screws or anything so we are at a loss . I told her it did n't seem safe anymore because of this extreme loose condition . She recommended I NOT put my child in it , of course ... however she offered no solution or even advice . I said `` should I throw out a $ 600 stroller that I 'd love to use for another 2 years '' and she said it was up to my discretion . Even a $ 150 bike is serviceable ! This is not a cheap piece of crud . Someone spent a small fortune on this and I expected to use it until my son did n't need it anymore and then maybe even hand it down . 18 months is a ridiculously short period of time to use this and honestly it had gotten very loose by 12 months . Maybe if you never fold it down and travel with it it would stay tight but if you really use it , expect to have a safe ride with nice tight steering for 6 to 9 months . We are very unhappy to be sending $ 600 to the junk yard .
 I bought this while I was still pregnant . I heard good things about it , but really did n't have much knowledge around strollers . Now that I have a 6 month old and several new mommy friends , I can tell you that I absolutely would n't buy this stroller!Pros :1 . Big wheels - we live in an urban area and wanted to be sure that we could navigate through the city parks and sidewalks .2 . Seat that sits forwards , backwards , and reclines in a few positions . It was nice while he was tiny and as he grows . He loves facing out , but when he falls asleep I can easily tilt him back to be fully reclined .3 . The memory foam seat . I wanted our kid to be comfy .4 . The telescopic handle for my tall husband .5 . the `` auto '' erect feature . When you flick over the clasp , the stroller ` pops ' open ... . most of the time!PS . The uppa baby stroller has all of these same perks , plus none of the cons.Cons :1 . Pathetic sun canopy . Does n't really cover babies face . Had to buy an after-market shade and it 's a pain .2 . The storage at the bottom of the stroller is useless . It 's more like a shelf than a basket .3 . It 's difficult to open and close . It 's very stiff , even 6 months later .4 . The brakes do not work on hills !! 5 . You can only use one brand of car seat - MaxiCosi . This car seat is a complete piece of junk . It was recalled TWICE in the last TWO years .6 . Those nice big wheels that I mention as a pro , go flat OFTEN . I have had to refill the tires 5 times in 6 months.PS . The uppa baby stroller has all of these same perks , plus none of the cons.For -LSB- ... -RSB- you can either buy this stroller or the UppaBaby ! I highly recommend choosing something else . Even the BOB is better .
 particularly wanted a teeth and tug animal with 4 teething rings , two on arms and two on legs . came with only 2 leg rings . I was credited for toy .
 This is a perfectly acceptable baby toy , I guess -- my daughter liked it when she was about six months old and teething -- but it has a penis on its head . I know it 's supposed to be a snorkel , but it looks like exactly one thing , and trust me , everybody who sees the toy will notice it immediately . All of the Baby Einstein turtle toys have the same stupid snorkel thing -- our crib mobile has the same problem.I 'm not a prude but this is a pretty dumb design for a baby toy . I sure would n't buy this as a gift .
 `` The idea of this seat is great , but the design is n't so great . I think it might work better for an older toddler , but for my average-sized 13-month old it 's not so hot . Cons
 We ordered two of these child seats and two arrived with the same model number but the seats - especially the securing straps were not the same on the two received . One had straps that were integrated with the tubular frame and allowed us to secure the to the adult chair . The other one had loose straps that we had to make fit -LRB- by imitating the other one -RRB- . We think one of the chairs is a stable child 's platform and the other is not .
 This was too short for my 2 year old . There was no way he could reach the table in this thing . I wish I could return it but we 've already used it because we were visiting family and didnt ' have an alternative .
 First of all , I thought it was going to be a great asset to have on the go for our daughter , but it proved to be rather ineffective for a toddler and for travel . The buckles do n't adjust to where she ca n't maneuver out on her own . It 's very short and she ca n't even sit at the table and enjoy a meal with us . Do not see a point to have this at all .
 I bought this chair when my husband was working out of state as a consultant . I wanted a portable chair that my son could use in the hotel room to eat , watch TV , or drink his sippy cup . This chair was the perfect height , design , and was compact enough to fit in my suitcase without being too bulky . The problem is that it broke on the trip back from our first trip . The fault is in a joint . I bought a second chair and on the next trip kept it the box when I packed . But then my son stood on the chair and the same joint broke in two . That joint is really weak . Too bad ! It 's such an adorable product .
 We bought 2 of these for our twin girls so they can eat with us at the dining table.The fabric the baby is sitting on is extremely thin . It 's also so lose that the babies are sitting only about 1 inch above the dining chair , and they can not reach the table . -LRB- They are not heavy kids , they weight about 20 pounds -RRB- The seat has a seat cover secured by a Velcro , which is a wonderful idea . The only problem is that this Velcro is stronger than the sewing or the fabric itself . When I tried to remove the cover from the chair it tore the fabric and the sewing.I would not recommend this product to my friends ...
 I bought this produce for the same reasons many other costumers provided here . It is cute , portable and easy to clean . And it is all that , but I have had it for only 2-3 months and is already broken . One of the buckles broke early on during transport or use , not sure . And then the cloth material started stretching until the baby 's butt was resting in the chair -LRB- the base chair , or the floor if the chair was put in the floor -RRB- . No more booster chair any more . I had to put a few fillers underneath so it still works as a booster , but now is not portable any more .
 I bought this after much trepidation and now wish I had followed my gut instinct and not bought it . It rode up my back , the baby 's head sat between my breasts instead of higher up my chest , the baby 's head did n't have enough support so I still had to hold it and in my experience it made the child -LRB- and I -RRB- considerably more miserable . It was difficult to place my child inside and even worse getting him out . Granted , I have a large baby , but he is within the weight limits they suggest . I strongly discourage buying this product .
 Pros : Easy on my back.Nice strong snap clipsCons : Hard to get baby in and out of -LRB- especially to get him out of , and especially when you have to dress baby warmly -RRB- Not a lot of head support -LRB- enough for my liking , but it made my husband comment on how much our son 's head bobbed around in it -RRB- Ca n't breast feed baby while he 's in it.I use it for now because it 's still easier than holding in my arms for hours . Altogether it 's not something I plan to continue using . I 'm looking for another carrier that is more convenient to get him in and out of . I 'm exploring the Ergo carrier -LRB- which I saw a friend use and it looked much easier -RRB- and the Moby Wrap .
 I found it very difficult to get my daughter in and out of this thing . And while it says it 's good for a baby up to 20lbs , your back may not agree . My daughter was just under 18lbs -LRB- 6mos old -RRB- the last time I used it -LRB- for airport travel -RRB- - I hoped this carrier would make things easier - but I eventually just had to take her out and carry her in my arms . Prior to this - we tried putting our daughter in it from time to time - and while she fell asleep in it once , most of the time she fussed ... which is sad b/c my daughter is really even tempered . At least the price wo n't hurt your wallet and it seems to be well made . We just got a Kelty backpack carrier for our summer travel and hopefully that will be worth the $ .
 I used this one time and it was so much trouble trying to get my 3 month old in and out of here it was ridiculous . I couldnt get him out by myself my husband had to help everytime . Dont waste your money
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that this product contains BPA / Bisphenol A. I returned mine . Pacifiers , bottles , breast pumps can have BPA in them as well such as the AVENT products that I returned . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 SECOND TIME THAT COMES PINK , MY BABY IS A BOY !!!! AND I SENT PREVIOUS EMAILS !!! CA N'T RETURN ...
 I purchased this item in October for my son , and by February the frame started cracking . I tried to glue the joint and keep it together but finally it broke . I email the customer service people at Regalo and they said it must have been something my son or I did to weaken the frame . They offered no reimbursement or any compensation.I just strongly recommend buy any other bed rail , stay away from Regalo .
 I found this rail ridiculously hard to assemble , and do not recommend purchasing it . As the parent of two young children , I am accustomed to assembly -LRB- have assembled two cribs , countless Ikea items , countless toys and other kids furniture -RRB- . Not only was this going to take me over an hour to do , in the process of trying to get the netting over the bars , it was so snug I had to get a second person to help , and we still ended up ripping the nylon in the process . Maybe the one we had was defective , but I ended up throwing it out and purchasing a Safety first secure top bed rail . I was able to assemble that easily in about 10 minutes , and it works great ! It is a much better choice in my opinion .
 Do n't buy this . It is flimsy and very frustrating to use . One side will not lock . Not a safe product at all !
 I ordered this a while back and I have been able to follow directions for so many many items and this was just impossible for me . so all the pieces were put away for my hubby to figure out ... and he couldnt either ... I didnt return it though becasue my lame tail threw the box away ... so the pieces sit in the closet .
 Assembly was fine and they fit well on the bed . As others have stated the drop-down , hide-away function is n't that great . The washers are made with soft aluminum -LRB- or whatever metal they are -RRB- ; they are easily bent and twisted out of shape . Once this happens , you are done for . They will never work well again . On top of that the pins meant to lock the rails up have a spring mechanism that tends to come through the holes and need to be fiddled with.In the end , mine do n't work properly and are no longer 100 % reliable . I keep them in the up position and have them permanently secured with wire ... just in case . Unfortunately , there are n't many other choices out there .
 The zipper is like a piece of tinfoil which broke as soon as I started trying it . The mesh fits tight which you want in this type of product but the cheap zipper portion makes it useless , I feel cheated that I bought two of these . The reviews sounded good so I gave it a try .
 If you have a crib that you turned into a toddler bed this is not for you . I thought after reading the reviews that it would be okay , but some how the bed is n't wide enough to accommodate the contraption . If you have a bigger bed than this , then well maybe it will work for you . Putting together the front screen part was frustrating to say the least , but can be done . Do n't be surprised it takes you at least an hour to get this put together . Once you have the front part put together you have these straps that hook on the mattress on the other side of the bed . Then you tighten down the straps to fit the size of the bed . Our plastic piece that the straps went into to tie it down broke before we could get the contraption on . Then we realized after we were all through that the hooks and straps were not on fully enough to hold to the bed . No matter how we tried it would n't work . Of course we were also fighting the broken side of the contraption . That though was n't the problem . If you only have a toddler bed that was previously a crib sized mattress it is too large of a contraption period . We ended up throwing it away , since we had already expended so much energy and anger out on this thing . I am not sure that even if we had the correct size that this rail would work for long for us either . It was rather shaky feeling once we were done . I would not suggest this thing to anyone , considering the plastic parts that were to tighten the bed down broke before we were done . Skip this .
 To get the bed rail to collapse and go under the bed , you need to press in two little spring-loaded buttons . Every single time I try to collapse it , one of the buttons gets stuck and I have to take the whole freaking thing out from under the mattress to get enough leverage to unstick the button . Also , the buttons do n't * stay * out during the stow-away process , and so I need to go through all the trouble of unsticking them again when I put the bed rail up !! It 's a giant pain in the butt and involves lots of cursing and back pain -LRB- from lifting the mattress up repeatedly -RRB- . I 'm going to return this thing.Also
 I just received this item and wanted to warn other shoppers . The main picture is NOT the product you are ordering . It is a picture of the extra-long bed rail . The subsequent pictures are of the shorter , 43 '' bed rail but the main photo is not .
 I just returned this rail . When installed on the bed , there is a support bar underneath the mattress - it connects to the other side of the mattress and that is what keeps the rail hugging against the bed.However , the bar is only about 1/2 the size of the mattress and then it turns into a strap for the other half . So the half of the bed that is sitting on this bar is elevated . Why could n't the support bar just extend all the way across the mattress?Doesn ' t seem right to design a product that has kids sleeping off balance . How can that be good for their little -LRB- growing -RRB- backs ?
 do not like this productit is very hard to get rail under bedpops out of rails track and it is sooo hard to get back in track
 I recently bought this bed rail . We noticed the cover was unraveling a little when we bought it . We washed it once and it completely unraveled . We have had to use duct tape to keep it together . I called and explained this to a customer service representative while asking for a new cover -LRB- what most companies would offer because they want to offer quality -RRB- . The representative was rude -- telling me it should n't be washed . He was sarcastic when I was inquiring about the straps on the product -LRB- as he had me searching for the model number -RRB- . Once I found the model number he said he can put me on a list to receive a new one but never asked for my information .
 These directions are worse than if were to be written in Swedish . I gave up half way through and only installed one side . The mattress is heavy enough and keeping that one side sturdy . I only needed one side anyway
 This thing is garbage . It 's flimsy , it takes two hands to release they very small buttons . The buttons do not release or lock well . The assembly instructions are lame . I am throwing this in the trash , it 's not even good enough to donate to Goodwill .
 I previously owned the same bedrail and needed to replace it . I did have problems with the first bedrail from Regalo . I had to bend metal parts to get them to align and assembly was not easy . However , the first bedrail did last a long time and I decided to purchase another . I was extremely disappointed with this newer bedrail . Again I had trouble with alignment of parts and this one was made more cheaply . They eliminated buttons and metal parts with plastic . Of course after struggling with assembly you do n't feel like repackaging and returning an item . I do n't like to leave a bad review , but the company definitely needs know improvements are needed .
 This was not appropriate for a bed with a high mattress . It was cheap and hard to put together . Would not recommend this
 Two of us with advanced degrees can not figure out how to put this together and its been over an hour . And we watched a youtube video on how to put it together . DO NOT BOTHER ! This is ridiculous !!!
 This bed rail is definitely secure and does not leave a gap between the mattress and rail and it does slide away easily under the mattress . We have a trundle bed frame and we have no problems sliding it under . The one difficult thing is that it is so hard to fold it down ... the buttons are very hard to push in and to get back in place . We usually just leave it up for that reason . I 'm not sure how this compares to others .
 I am not crazy about this bedrail at all . I bought it for co-sleeping with our 6 month old . It was difficult to put together as the directions were horribly written and the illustrations left a lot to the imagination . When I finally got it together and put it in the bed the latch for the rope that holds the rail to the bed broke . I still tried to use it that night and i could feel the rails under the mattress as they are really thick . I returned this one and bought one that does n't hideaway and includes a blocker for the baby to not roll between the mattress and rail - this one leaves a sizeable gap for baby to roll into .
 The description for this item is `` 4M glow in the dark stars assorted stars pack of 16 '' . In the picture it is a package with a circle full of stars . After you click on it , it is a completely different picture with a moon and several stars . When I recieved it I got a moon and 5 stars . And I ordered two of these so I paid more than $ 13 for something I could have paid $ 2 for .
 I pasted it on my son 's ceiling . The room is generally pretty bright but they just does n't glow at all at night . : -LRB-
 How practical can it be . The Tupperware Qucik Chef promises to be everything . A great sharp kitchen chopper , slicer , mixer , everything ! It makes salsa , chops unions , easy to clean , no power cords . I need a thing like this , yeah the whole world needs a thing like this . Also it 's made by Tupperware , the great people from America who invent cool stuff all the time and stand firmly behind their product . If something might go wrong just bring it in!Sadly it is n't . This thing is poorly made and broke way too soon . I did not use it much , so when it broke the one year warranty by Tupperware had passed . When I opened up the gearbox and saw what was inside my engineer 's heart ached . This is truly rubbish . This thing was made in China , and the nerd I am , I took an accurate caliper to measure some sizes . I could see that it was designed in metric units . So , this piece of crap , made in China , was not even designed in the US -LRB- where they would use inch -RRB- ! Tupperware just ordered it somewhere and had their name put on the handle and slapped the price up big time.Face it , a product made at this quality should cost $ 9.99 somewhere in a bin a Wallmart .
 I ca n't fit much in this bag without the magnetic closures popping open . The stitching on the liner on the inside that seperates compartments came undone after less than a year and is flimsy . I 've got two in diapers now and there is no way I can continue with this one any more . Three diapers , a half empty bag of Kirkland wipes , one change of clothes , and an insulator pack for breast milk , prooved to be too much for the main compartment . Pockets for the bottle and a water bottle on the sides are the only perks I can put on here , but most diaper bags have that , sooooo ... I think I 've said enough .
 This bag is a very gross color of brown . The pink and the brown do not even go with each other . The bag also has a black strap making this a very un-coordinated product . Returned it for something else .
 The bag is great ! Lots of pockets are nice . However , Amazon failed to send me the portable changing pad that goes with the bag ! This was big selling point for me to buy the bag , and they did n't even include it with the bag . I was disappointed with Amazon 's performance .
 I ordered this jogger after researching a bit . First one arrived and the right brake did not engage . Amazon was great about sending a replacement and I returned the original . Replacement arrived and guess what ... same problem . The right brake does not engage and the brake does not lock . It has nothing to do with assembly since the brake is part of the pre-assembled jogger . I called Baby Jogger when the replacement had the same problem and asked if this was a problem people had complained of , and the customer service rep confirmed that they 'd had complaints about the brake not engaging . So , be careful ... you may be lucky enough to get one without a problem , but after ordering this twice and having the same problem both times , I am going to try another brand . : -LRB-
 These pads are indeed waterproof , but they form large fuzzy pills after washing . The pilling is in the form of long , very thin , very strong strings . My baby grabs them and they trap her little fingers . It is difficult to extract her fingers and I 'm afraid she 'll get cut.I am getting rid of these and buying more of the similar product by Circo . The Circo pads pill a little bit , but nothing like this !
 Wow , we were n't expecting a ton from these pads , and we certainly did n't get it . My wife likes to wash baby things before we use them , and I think that 's a prudent enough policy.When these came out of the washer BEFORE their first use , the stitches on the sides had become at least half-unraveled and the pilling was more severe than on any product I 've seen before in my life , to my memory.I mean , really bad . Do n't waste your money on these ! Just awful.I must admit they are waterproof . So that 's the one criteria they do meet . So if that 's ALL that counts for you , go for it .
 After returning the Organic pads that piled after their first wash , I ordered these . UNBELIEVABLY they did the SAME thing ?! As always , Amazon shipped them in lightening speed , I threw them in the wash to start using them immediately , when to my surprise they piled and frayed in the wash . I returned them promptly for a refund . If I had anything positive to say it would be that the size is generous . However , the polyester-nylon-type material would n't have been soft on my baby 's bum even IF they would have held up to a washing machine .
 This does the trick as waterproof pads go and washes and dries just fine - however , it is not all that soft and given cribs , changing pads , bassinets are more of a rectangle than a square , the shape -LRB- square -RRB- is a bit odd .
 I purchased this for myself , soon after our son turned 1 . First off , his hand is larger -LRB- long fingers like daddy -RRB- than the tin at 1 year and would n't fit . By the time I decided maybe I 'd just get his fingertips , the puddy had dried . Insane . This stuff dries up SO fast it 's ridiculous how parents with a 1 year old will have enough time to get their kid to stretch out their hand perfectly for a print . I 'm hoping that by next year , when he 's 2 , we might have better luck . It is neat that it goes up to 5 years old though , so I am holding out for hope of a good print - as of now , no luck .
 I 'm not sure how this product got so many positive reviews , because it just left me with a disappointed wife and an annoyed baby.I 'm not a dumb guy . Really , I 'm not . I can follow simple directions such as `` add water and plaster together , put baby 's hand in . `` Yet those simple directions left me with nothing but a sloppy dent in some plaster . We spent 10 minutes putting his hand into the plaster , getting a horrible result , and shaking the plaster to level it again . We figured that eventually it would get hard enough for a proper handprint . Nope . It eventually just got too hard to do anything with.Some Christmas present that turned out to be .
 I 'll never buy this type of product again . I 've used the clay type before where you just roll it out take the hand/foot print of the child and let it dry for 48 hours . Much much better than this !!! Between adding the contents and stirring - not knowing how much to add but was instructed to not add all of it - then waiting for a proper consistency with the stirring and when I finally went over to get my child 's hand print it was rock solid ! I have to go buy another imprint kit now ! What a waste of money !!! Definitely get the clay type - so much easier - so much better !!!
 It 's easy to mix the plaster , but hard to tell when the right time is to have the child put their hand in . It seemed to set either too slowly or too quickly . It 's quite hard getting a 1 or 2 year old to press their hand into the plaster properly , but that 's not the product 's failure . One thing I must stress is that you make sure to let the plaster dry completely before putting the tin lid on . I put the lid on before it was completely cured and ended up with black mold growing on the underside of the lid.All in all , I find the moldable clay kits much easier to work with , less messy , and they give you more chances for a successful print .
 This kit comes with five round tins with plastic bags containing pre-measured plaster of paris . For each tin , you mix a certain amount of water -LRB- 1/4 cup for the 1 year tin -RRB- with most of the supplied plaster to achieve a `` toothpaste like '' consistency . Then you pour that into the tin , press your child 's hand in , and you 're supposed to wind up with a beautiful imprint to treasure.Instead , when you follow the directions you wind up with a stick , blobby mess that could be your child 's handprint , or might be an interpretive sculpture of a lunar crater , or might just be what 's left in the bottom of a bucket of plaster after doing some wall repair . We tried doing what other reviewers suggested
 We got this as a gift for our baby and I am SO happy we did not pay for it ! This product is awful . The design on the tin leaves much to be desired -LRB- as a professional artist I 'd like to know who did the awful typeset ! -RRB- but that 's the least of this product 's problems . The real problem is the plaster , and after reading reviews on here beforehand , I completely agree with the bad ones . We followed the instructions ** very carefully ** and the mixture was a complete failure ! We mixed it continuously for about 15 minutes and it did not turn into a `` toothpaste consistency '' until we let it sit for 10 minutes . The water kept floating to the top so we had to mix it occasionally while it sat . When it was `` ready '' and a `` toothpaste consistency '' we took baby 's hand to it and she was actually pretty cooperative . We pressed the hand and each finger into the plaster and got NOTHING ! The plaster was in no way too hard , it was the right consistency for an imprint but we could not get one of her little hand . We gave up after 6 tries -LRB- baby was frustrated by then -RRB- and I tossed the plaster in the trash . I saved the tin so I might try buying some clay that can be baked and will harden . Do n't waste your money on this garbage ! And the insert from the manufacturer saying they 'll ship you another little packet of plaster for $ 5.00 ... what a joke ! Not worth that . Save your money , this product is so frustrating and disappointing it will have you near tears !
 I am sure that some people were successful with this , however I was massively disappointed ! The directions say to tap the tin on a table to level it and then put your child 's hand in ... in the 30 seconds it took me to tap/level the plaster , it hardened to the point that it was n't smooth and I could n't put my daughter 's hand in it . And the only option -LRB- since it ca n't be re-moistened -RRB- is to send it back to the Child to Cherish company AND pay $ 5 to have new plaster shipped to you , or buy new plaster . Total ripoff and waste of time/money . Very disappointed .
 Very unhappy . I followed the directions to the letter -LRB- I do a great deal of baking and I know how to measure ingredients -RRB- . Water kept rising to the surface of the plaster and my daughter 's handpring kept filling in . I just kept trying to get a good impression and the plaster kept sticking to her hand despite a coating of oil , it never created an impression of her hand until finally it was too hard to get any impression at all . By this time I was crying , watching my plans for my husband 's first Father 's Day gift float away as a dismal failure . To the company that makes this product I have to ask if this medium is the best possible choice for getting a predictably good result .
 I bought this to use with my Jeep Cherokee stroller . Just needed a place to set my drinks , keys and phone when we 're out . Unfortunately it is very flimsy - does n't fit tight at all as shown in picture . It kind of droops in the middle so that when there is a drink -LRB- just one -RRB- it tilts sideways . Also , if the canopy is closed -LRB- pulled back -RRB- on the stroller , I ca n't reach anything in the caddy .
 Bought this for my p & t stroller and it would not fit , way too big for the handles , tried to modify it without success .
 I have an UPPA VISTA , the handle bars are at a 45 degree angle with no bend in them . The Jolly Jumper fits on the handle bars but the bag also sits at a 45 degree angle . Basically , this would work if I always carried around a drink with a cap on it but never an open container . If you have a stroller that will hold the bag level it will probably work better for you.Aside from the angle of the handle bars , I was n't thrilled with it in general . The cup holders are not large enough to fit larger coffee cups or even larger water bottles . There is nothing that really gives the caddy any structure so the bottom part swings while the top stays rigid , making things bounce around . I tried this caddy head to head with the Sunshine Kids Buggy Buddy -LRB- which is cheaper -RRB- and found that caddy to be better material , better structure and the cup holders stretch to hold larger cups .
 When we ordered the Joovy Caboose Stroller , we were suggested to purchase this organizer since the stroller itself does not have one . However , because there handle is fully vertical this organizer is not appropriate for stroller similar to this . If you look carefully at the picture of the stroller demonstrating the organizer , the organizer is attached to the end portion of the handle that is horizontal . We recommend purchasing instead the organizer from the manufacturer itself ; unfortunately it will likely cost twice as much .
 This diaper bag is made of cheap plastic . For the money I felt that it should have lasted more than THREE WEEKS . Two hooks snapped off . The main material of the bag ripped . I am not wasted any more time on this bag buy anything else !!!
 Another reviewer gave it one star for the same reason I am . It is virtually impossible to tighten the LATCH system straps enough to prevent the car seat from moving about from side-to-side . It may be fine if you use the seat belts to secure it , but if the product includes the LATCH system it should work properly . The design of the tensioner buckle and the location make it nearly impossible to get it snug against the seat.Because it is so difficult to tighten properly it is not a safe product , as most people are likely not able to get it strapped in safely . Our Chicco car seat fastens super snug and would not lash about in an accident like this one is likely to do when using the LATCH system.Updated on June 9 , 2009 : We shopped for a new seat at Babies R Us and noticed that they have Eddie Bauer 3-in-1 models that appeared nearly identical , except that the belt tensioning buckle was a different design . The sticker on ours indicates it was made in May 2008 so it is not terribly old , but apparently Dorel Juvenile -LRB- who makes Eddie Bauer , Safety 1st , and Cosco car seats -RRB- changed the design . All of the models made by Dorel had improved belt tightening buckles on their LATCH straps .
 This child seat should be recalled . It is unsafe . It will not tighten properly when using the LATCH system . After pulling the strap with all of my strength for several minutes , I could still get the seat to turn to about a 45 degree angle -LRB- And I am a strong 270 pound man -RRB- . It can work OK with the inferior seat belt option . Instead , I just bought a Graco , and man , I ca n't get that thing to budge . The GRACO is high quality . Just because something says `` Eddie Bauer '' does not mean that it is high quality .
 I was really excited about this bath tub for my baby . As soon as I was done using it I would either wash it , or let it air dry . Once a week , I would even throw it in the washer . That didnt seem to help at all . I only used the tub for about 3 weeks before I threw it out . I couldnt seem to get the spongy smell out . It was disgusting !
 I find it very difficult to get my son in by myself , however he loves jumping in it . I have since purchased the Graco Jumpster and like it much better .
 We do n't have any door ways in our hour that are either wide enough or have frames above them for the standard jumper so we purchased this , even though I thought it was rather expensive . The fact that it folds up and we can hide it behind our couch is great ... especially because our daughter - who is fearless and into everything - HATES this thing . You get her near it and she goes mad . We put it away in hopes that she 'll forget it and we can use it again soon but I 'm not holding my breathe . Only recommendation is to make sure your kid will like this before purchasing .
 OMG this thing is a rip off ... made of very bad construction ... not sure how this passed any sort of QA ... flimsy do n't really even describe it ... Wow I would stay clear of this brand as well as model . Simply put , seems like they cut corners on production costs but not on the price ...
 I wanted something thick and soft so my baby could n't feel the plastic under his sheet . This one is so thin you can almost see through it . There is hardly any quilting . Another down side is you have to take the mattress completely out of the crib to put it on . But it does help a little and is a safe fit , and washes well .
 Do n't waste your money on this high chair . By the time your infant can safely sit in it , they will have almost outgrown it . You 're just paying for the name brand , not the quality . Stick w / a Graco instead .
 After 5 boys my first daughter just HAD to have a pink highchair for her Princess 1st Birthday Party so I retired the boys trusty BLUE Graco -LRB- still in great shape after 4 years -RRB- into the basment and ordered this Pink one . After what we paid for it ~ I do n't know how to tell my husband I want the blue one back ! -LRB- Maybe I can fnd a pink cover ?! -RRB- My daughter is 12 months old & 20 pounds and can not reach the tray without dropping food into her lap . There is a 3inch gap between her & the tray so half her food she tries to feed herself drops into her lap . The thick padded seat is adorable & comfy for her but it has such deep crevices you really have to dig deep to get every crumb cleaned up . The base is very large & her food falls down onto it after every meal so I am not only cleaning the floor but the base as well . The buckles are awkward & impossible to do with one hand . If you have a petite baby ~ this is not the highchair for you .
 I really do n't like this high chair at all . My little girl is 10 months old and 19 lbs and she CAN NOT sit in this chair without me putting a pillow or towel under her so that she can reach . When sitting on the regular seat , she is so low that she can not get her arms above the tray to feed herself . This is a huge pain because I have to constantly take out the pillow or towel that she must sit on top of ... out to clean . A 10 month old should be able to comfortably sit in a high chair . I have had her in friends high chairs that are a Graco and she fits perfectly . If I could do it over , I would have opted for a less expensive model that she fits in properly . Do n't buy this product !!
 Does not stay put ! My 12 month old was able to dislodge suction of bowl without breaking a sweat ... the cutlery took 3 more seconds of real effort to yank up ! Read the instructions and the suction just does not seem to work with his high chair table surface.Eddie Bauer Wood High Chair Bryant Collection Cherry
 The bowl does n't stick very well -LRB- or maybe my son is extra strong ? -RRB- . The length of the `` coil '' on the spoon is n't long enough to reach into his mouth . He enjoys playing with the items .
 This diaper bag is made of cheap plastic . For the money I felt that it should have lasted more than THREE WEEKS . Two hooks snapped off . The main material of the bag ripped . I am not wasted any more time on this bag buy anything else !!!
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 This diaper bag is made of cheap plastic . For the money I felt that it should have lasted more than THREE WEEKS . Two hooks snapped off . The main material of the bag ripped . I am not wasted any more time on this bag buy anything else !!!
 I have used these on my 41/2 month old at night since he was first born -LRB- I use cloth during the day -RRB- & have always been very happy with them - until I purchased the `` new & improved '' fit - they may be slimmer & smaller but there are nowhere near as absorbent as the previous model . I stupidly bought a case of four - & now I 'm stuck with diapers that just do n't work for my son ! I am going to try to get my money back for these - do n't waste yours on them !! I have switched to the Tender Care brand & they seem to work very well .
 We 've been using 7th generation diapers for our daughter Alex since the day she was born . Old design is hands down much MUCH much better than the new one . The wider tabs leave horrible red marks on Alex 's thighs , the tabs are too wide , the stretchy closure does nothing really . A have to agree they are less bulky , but I do n't think it added to the comfort of my baby . She does n't like diaper changes anymore , and before we started using the new design she really did n't mind them . Now , the size ... new stage 2 is easily comparable in size to old S. I have put the two together , and they were practically identical . I put the old M to the stage 2 diaper , and it much MUCH bigger , and the fit is better as well . To those who are looking to try - find the old design and check it out first . SEVENTH GEN - please , bring the old design back !
 PROS : - Environmentally friendly - AffordableCONS : - Gap where front and back of diaper meets allows blowouts at the sides and around the legs -LRB- I 'm doing 3x as much laundry since switching to these -RRB- . - Adhesive tabs irritate baby -LRB- she fusses every time I put one on her , and she has red marks above her legs where the tabs touch her skin -RRB- - Absorbent layer works great on pee , but not so great on poop -LRB- which tends to just slide around inside the diaper and make a mess - that is , what poop does n't blow out the leg openings -RRB- I love the idea of biodegradable , environmentally friendly diapers , and I think Seventh Generation is * this * close to having a great product . But they need to address the design of their diaper -LRB- adding some waterproof tabs at the top of the leg openings , improving poop handling , and softening the adhesive tabs -RRB- before I 'll become a convert.For now , it 's back to Pampers Swaddlers .
 Perhaps it 's because we 're going from the very effective Pampers Swaddlers , but we 've found that these leak horribly . They are not especially roomy so it may be that we 're between sizes and that has something to do with it - but for now we wo n't be using these anymore .
 I really wanted to like these diapers . I had been a fan of many Seventh Generation products for 15 years . These diapers were touted as being the `` earth-friendly '' alternative to Pampers , Huggies and other diapers on the market . I was so excited to use these when I had my twins , that I bought several packages when the twins came home . When I started to use the diapers , I found that the diapers often leaked and left gel beads all over my twins diaper areas . I found the lots of gel beads almost every time I changed their diapers . I also found their diapers to be very bulky and thick . I 'm not even sure if the plastic on their packaging is even recycled plastic . I did not find that these diapers any more `` earth-friendly '' than the others except for the fact that they are not bleached and cost a lot more in price . Actually , they are worst for the environment . I have become very disappointed in Seventh Generation and have watched them turned into a wasteful company like all the rest . If you want to be `` greener '' demand diapers that work , are thinner , and have better packaging . Do n't be suckered into spending more money for a product that 's equal or even inferior `` environmentally '' to other diapers out there . There are other ways to be greener with the baby . This is coming from a person who tries to live as `` green '' as reasonably possible .
 I am a daycare provider taking care of 9 children a day so we change lots of diapers . I wanted to find the best diapers for the kids so I gave these a try.Nice idea , but they do n't work . We rarely ever have leaks in other brands , but with 7th Generation diapers there are leaks daily . If they have poop , chances are that the diaper is going to leak and you 'll find big wet spots on the kids clothes . They are really bad for runny infant poops.I had them on auto ship , but canceled it after a parent picked up her child and they were wet .
 It so happened that so far two separate packages were defective and were not functional . I have been using this product since the birth of my grandchild almost a year ago and so I take it that this lot was just a bad batch and will continue to use the product !
 As a working mother who needs disposable diapers I was thrilled to find what looked like a promising replacement for other brand name diapers . BUT , every diaper has leaked . The result has been increases in laundry . So the savings to the earth from lack of bleache go away with the increased water consumption . not to mention the messes on my clothes when I pick my son up with a leak . I wo n't be buying these again.Cause of leaks - the absorption material does n't have all the coverage of my usual brand - Huggies . Back to Huggies I go .
 I bought these for my son in a smaller size when he was a newborn and they worked fine but these ones leak all over the place , they 're terrible ! He 's 21lbs and these are supposed to work from 16 up to 28lbs , not a chance . Disappointing because I like that they are unbleached , that 's the reason they got two stars instead of one .
 Similar story . We used the old style , loved them . We bought cases of the new style and are very disapointed . If your child is crying and you ca n't figure out what 's wrong , check the diapers . The closure tabs have very sharp corners that will cut babies thigh and belly . We contacted Seventh Generation and they are aware of the problem and will be releasing an updated style mid-summer . -RRB- :
 I have these diapers in size 1 and 2 . They were both too small for my average sized baby , cause major leaks . I tried the entire pack of size one and they never seemed to fit correctly and also gave my baby diaper rash . He is currently 13 pounds and the size twos look way too tiny ! The tabs cut into his legs even when I try to pull the diaper up more . I do not like these diapers . If you are looking for an eco-friendly diaper , I recommend gDiapers . I will not use these diapers again .
 i usually purchase these from a store but thought maybe cheaper online . the first time i used them they leaked , i did n't think about it , but everytime they leaked . i checked them and realized the crotch area was not wide enough , the padding on the sides did n't reach to the edges . so i ended up throwing them away . what a disappointment !
 This diaper is of very poor quality . The tabs are not properly attached and hence , when you are putting on the diaper the tab comes off very often . This is annoying as I then have to toss the diaper . A waste of my money !
 It is hard to believe that people report no leaks ! I was so enthusiastic about getting these chlorine-free diapers that are environmentally friendly and better for my baby . However , I can not wait to get this big box finished since I have to change my baby 's clothes at least once a day for leaking reasons . It is very annoying since having to do more laundry does not help reduce the human impact on the planet . I am definitely going back to the P diapers that are so efficient . What a shame .
 I was really dissapointed to find that I had to wash my daughter 's bedding nearly every morning due to leaking through . Also , and more importantly , my daughter started having horrible diaper rash . I think the diapers were not doing a sufficient job at wisking the wettness away from her bottom . I went back to our original diapers and used some wonderful cream called tripple paste and the rash is finally gone . -LRB- She battled it for at least a month until I finally figured out that it was probably not healing b/c of these diapers -RRB-
 I was so excited to find a reasonable price in a chlorine free diaper , but the diapers do not hold up to my 9 month old that is sleeping 8-10hrs at night . He wakes up soaked so we have had to switch back to Pampers for night time . The diapers do hold up to all other messes when changed frequently during the day and I do n't mind the non-white color of the diaper . I will continue to use these diapers during the day but disappointed that I have to switch back and forth . Also the diapers run very small , so you might want to order bigger than other diapers .
 I have used this brand for years , and I 'm very sad to say that the diapers do n't work for us anymore.EVERY TIME my daughter `` goes '' she leaks through her diapers . I change clothes as often as diapers these days , and it 's a hassle . It hardly takes half a minute after she has `` gone # 2 '' before it has leaked through her diapers and clothes.I have also had some problems with defected diapers -LRB- whole packages sometimes -RRB- . I like their customer service , and wish they 'd go back to the `` old '' diapers .
 We have used the Old model of Seventh generation diapers for nearly a year for my son and recently switched to the new and improved fit . Since then my son has had some rashes and also some marks on his thighs and it is also not as absorbent as the old model .
 I absolutely hate these diapers . I have used many of them , I bought a load of them all at once -- what a mistake . I had to change them 4-5 times more often than my pampers Cruisers . My son would only pee a little and it would run through the fabric of the diaper -LRB- not the legs the actual fabric -RRB- . I would be holding him and it would RUN down my shirt and pants like a stream , which happened a few times while we were out for the day shopping . I was changing my son 's clothing 2-4 times a day -LRB- I 'm sure you think I 'm exaggerating but I 'm not -RRB- . My son could never even get through a nap without getting all his clothes and bedding soaked . They are also shaped like a rectangle so when they did n't leak through the fabric they would leak through the legs . I was changing his diaper every 20-40 min.I even double them -LRB- for overnight and naps -RRB- and they still leaked . For the trouble I went through I could have been using our cloth diapers , at least then I knew I would have to change it after each pee . I was very disappointed with these diapers and I will never buy them again . I will only buy Pampers Cruisers until my son is potty trained !!!
 I found an ` older version ' stash of the same size 7thG diapers in the back of my closet . It was the 2T training pants . Now I can say for sure the older version holds more , and leaks a lot less . Also , becuase Diapers.com and Amazon charges tax , it 's almost the same price to buy them at the grocery store , and $ 13 + per pack is not worth it at all . After three + years of using these diapers , I am switching brands . Really disappointed with the new style . I would rather have the not-so-corpratized ` Trees and 1,2,3 s ' version over the Lorax version any day . They really sold out IMO .
 I bought these for my son . Here is what is wrong with them :1 . They do n't absorb moisture property . The skin is left wet and that caused our son some problems of redness and fungus on his privates . We changed the diaper very often and it did n't help .2 . They leave little gel beads on the baby 's body . That 's probably not how it should be and I do n't think you want that stuff on the baby 's skin where it 's not meant to be .3 . They cut the baby 's skin around the hips because of rough edges . If they do n't cut they leave a red mark which is unpleasant as well .4 . If it 's a small baby , they would leak poop all over the place.But I would say that the worst problem is the wetness . Once peed in it would be like sitting in a small puddle . Yuck.I recommend Bambo by Abena . We did n't like them when he was small because of the shape , but now they fit perfectly and we love them , they are perfect .
 I found these diapers to be too small - and yes , I was using the sizing guide . For my little guy -LRB- currently 10 lbs and 22 in -RRB- they are just a tad too short . I actually found Earth 's Best to be the better alternative .
 I really wanted to like these diapers . I use Fuzzy Bunz cloth diapers on my 2 year old most of the time , but I use disposables for `` out and about '' and for night time . Before Seventh Generation , I always bought Pampers Cruisers , which are locally made for me.The two problems with this diaper are that it 's very leaky . I always have to change my son 's clothes . And it rubs strangely on my son 's thighs and gives him a rash.Another more `` environmental '' problem is when you work out how much CO2 is released in getting these to me -LRB- I ca n't buy them locally -RRB- as opposed to purchasing locally made Pampers , I really do n't think they 're much more of an environmentally friendly option.After this case is finished , we will switch back to Fuzzy Bunz with Pampers alternative .
 I purchased these diapers hoping that I would make less of an environmental impact with disposable diapers . I spent so much more time and energy with the laundry that it just was not worth it . These diapers didnt really fit my son all that well . Despite the fact that he is at the lower end of the weight range , they were too small . I wont purchase these again .
 I really wanted these diapers to work . I 've been using the Kirkland diapers and these are not much more expensive and so much better for baby and the environment ; but if I have to change baby 's cloths every time I change diapers , then it 's not better for either . I was really careful to be sure I had them on as good as possible , but no matter what I did , they leaked . I have problems with the Kirkland diapers at night some times , getting him wet , but never during the day and NEVER poop , like I had with these . Maybe they 'd be better for girls , or very slender babies , I do n't know , but for my boy , they just do not work at all . If you want to try them , I suggest signing up for the auto ship so you can get the best price , but schedule your next shipment for several months down the line , you can always change the ship times if you like the diapers and it gives you time to cancel if they do n't work out for you .
 First bought a couple of Seventh Generation diapers at a local Whole Foods store . They were ok , so we ordered a large pack from Amazon.I can admit that maybe something happened during the transportation - but those diapers appeared to be awfull!Small grains of jello-like substance spreading all over the baby 's skin when diaper was wet , apparently this was some moisture-absorbing substance which was supposed to stay within the diaper ... Again , I admit that something may have happend during transportation -LRB- it is hot and humid in Florida -RRB- , as the same brand diapers bought at the local store were perfect .
 I ordered 4 boxes and one box cantinas pack of 4 and i think almost every packs are all defective . The waist band are too short , so it is hard to grab and detach -LRB- i compared the same diapers -LRB- same size -RRB- which were bought at the whole food store and their diapers are all good -RRB- . Also , randomly in a pack , there is a hard small grain on one of the end of the waist band which makes my baby hurts and cries . i wonder if i can return some of the left . anyway i wo n't buy seventh generation chlorine free diapers thru amazon.com again since they are not in good condition or defective . this is a good product , but I am really disappointed this item from your store .
 I really wanted to like these diapers . I bought a small pack to test them out because I do feel guilty using the mainstream brands . Not only did they leak out of the legs and waistband , but a couple of times they leaked right through the diaper itself . Such a disappointment . Definitely NOT overnight diapers or even long naps . And , because they do n't absorb moisture that well , my son ended up with diaper rash . After having too many leaks and a red bottom , I ended up just getting rid of the rest of the pack .
 I picked these diapers because they were chlorine free and I like most of Seventh Generation 's other products . Overall , they were good and did n't leak . However , the tabs to close the diapers are 2-3 inches wide , and would dig into my baby 's skin on her stomach and thighs any time she sat down . Maybe it was just an issue of fit for her , but we switched brands because of this problem .
 We have 1yr old twins and we change diapers every 3 to 4 hours.These Diapers are anything but Environment Friendly . These diapers are so poor in quality and capacity that we ended up :1 . Using more diapers per day than Huggies or Pampers - resulting in more landfill waste2 . More leakages with poop falling out from fresh diapers - resulting in usage of carpet cleaners , paper towels etc. , which in turn results in more garbage and harsher chemicals in the Environment3 . Poor Quality Diapers - while it is OK to have a small percentage of defects , we found more defective diapers in one shipment of these diapers than what we have come across in about 10 shipments of Huggies/Pampers - yes this results in more Landfill waste as well - not to mention the wastage of other resourcesTo summarize , here is a company that plays the `` Green '' card very effectively . I would not be surprised if most of the reviews here are from `` mystery shoppers '' paid by this company.DO NOT BUY .
 In my experience with these diapers , I was extremely disappointed . I purchased them because I wanted to be `` green '' and use an earth-friendly product on my baby . Unfortunately , the way these diapers are manufactured has me running back to Pampers . I felt that the diapers had an unnatural fit on my baby 's body . The backs ran extremely high and the securing bands bunched and kinked on the legs . With an infant at the lower end of the weight requirements , I could n't understand how a baby could wear them six pounds heavier the way the bands attached . In addition , the inside of the diapers do not have anything to draw moisture away and into the diaper . We experienced several incidents when bowel movements literally ran out of the diaper because of lack of absorption . It started to feel like we were being more wasteful resulting from extra laundry from soiled clothing and changing pads , and more trash from cleaning up where the accident took place . I started to feel anxious putting light colored clothes on my baby for fear that another leaking mishap would stain yet another outfit . I would also be leary about the manufacturing of the product itself . In our bulk shipment , two of the four packages had diapers that had sections that had not been closed properly and cotton was exposed on the front and back of the diaper . I 'm very disappointed with this product and regretfully will retreat back to the diapers we were using before .
 Similar story . We used the old style , loved them . We bought cases of the new style and are very disapointed . If your child is crying and you ca n't figure out what 's wrong , check the diapers . The closure tabs have very sharp corners that will cut babies thigh and belly . We contacted Seventh Generation and they are aware of the problem and will be releasing an updated style mid-summer . -RRB- :
 If I could give these diapers a zero rating I would . I thought I was doing the right thing for my baby by buying him chlorine free diapers and everything else the packaging says but I was WRONG . Everyone else is right the design sucks ... it 's like the pee goes straight through them . Even worse my son developed a HORRIBLE RASH the day after I started using them ... I did n't know what was causing it , it surely could n't be these diapers could it ? Yes , it could . Everything else in my routine was the same ... wipes , cornstarch , his baby soap , laundry detergent ... nothing had changed except the diapers . I switched back to pampers and the rash disappeared instantly !! My husband put another leftover seventh generation diaper on him not knowing and he broke out in a rash again !! I absolutely hate these diapers and would NEVER recommend them to anyone ... by the way , the company dyes these diapers brown to make them look more `` earthy '' ... just another one of their tricks to get the unsuspecting consumer to buy their fake , dangerous product .
 I have received these diapers before and there great but this time someone must have seen a large amazon box on my door step and decided to take them . It would be nice if we could have signed for them like other packages that I have received from amazon . Do like the ease of ordering online and delivery but will probably now just buy at the store to avoid having packages walk away .
 I thought I 'd try them because them seemed like a smart choice ... now my son 's bottom is paying the price . He never had a rash before compared to this , a painful swollen red area ... poor guy!Beware , not all babies react the same , if your current choice is working , do n't fix it !
 I really had high hopes for these diapers . I bought them based on other reviews . I wanted to originally start using cloth diapers to be environmentally friendly but my little one poops and pee 's so often at 8 weeks that I would n't be able to keep up with the laundry . I decided that these diapers would be the best of both worlds - environmentally friendly and disposible . To my dismay , 10 out of 14 diapers leaked both poop and pee . My baby sleeps with me on his own little pad and his pee leaked through the diaper , through the pad and onto my mattress . I tried folding the top in to catch excess , I made sure the elastic bits were properly positioned , and I made them tighter and nothing worked . I 'm super bummed that I have to go back to pampers until I find another alternative . Maybe my baby is just made differently than those who rave about this product . I gave 2 stars because I liked the color and materials used .
 I have used seventh generation diapers since my baby was born - in size 1 and size 2 , and they were great . I love that they are unscented and have no icky chemicals . However , once my daughter grew into size 3 , we began having MASSIVE leakage problems . Not once or twice , but atleast 10 times - I 'm talking poo running down her legs . It was n't even as though there was a lot of it - I was in denial at first thinking `` maybe I 'm just putting these on wrong ?! '' but really , how many ways can you put on a diaper ? I 'm so sad that these leak so badly , I feel like I have to choice but to switch brands .
 I really was glad I decided to switch to these diapers and I was hopeful that they would work well for us as they had many positive reviews . Unfortunately they do not work well at all . Nearly every time we use them they leak . Normally we use cloth at home , but when we travel and at day care we use these . They leak almost every time unless you change the diaper every hour or hour and a half . What a shame !
 I picked up a pack of these diapers at my local coop and loved the cloth-like feel and the fact that they were more environmentally friendly . When I saw them on Amazon I stocked up . However my experience with these was totally different . They feel cheaper -LRB- more plastic -RRB- and the velcro kept falling off the tabs . Out of the 192 diapers I received , at least 25 were useless . I even tried to tape some closed . I still have n't heard from the company about this issue , so I wo n't ever buy these again .
 The old style diapers were the first we tried where our daughter would not rash . I agree the old style was better . I do n't know why they changed . My daughter just leaks through these new ones . The old ones actually held liquid . It 's a toss up whether to try to use these new ones with our new child or whether to switch to a major brand like huggies .
 Yes the product would have been nice if there were some sort of quality control . The diapers are soft and absorbent , adequate size , seems comfortable . The only problem is the defect rate is very high . You would expect 1 or 2 at most out of a 140 PAMPERS bag to be defective . But this is 10 ~ 15 times over that . The excessive glue on the diapers requires you to rip it apart to open the diaper . It is less of a problem compared to the falling Velcro strips . I once has 7 diapers in a row with the Velcro strip gone . It is quite frustrating when you are holding the baby 's legs with your one hand at the same time .
 Updating my review : I bought 1 package of stage 3 at my local store and it still had some hard bits in the waist band . So , I checked the 7th Gen website and they are having manufacturing issues . Their supplier is in the process of changing facilities and had some problems this summer . Their customer service rep told me that they recalled all the defective diapers for Amazon , so we should be getting only diapers that are squared away . I gave them the lot numbers of my defective diapers and they are sending me a refund check for the full price ! Overall , excellent customer service on their end and I am back to buying them from Amazon . Their website also addresses the issue of the gel bits - if the diaper is too full , then the gel can leak through the material . I only have this problem in the mornings after the full night diaper . I started having leaks with the Stage 2 diapers , so moved up to the Stage 3 and have not had any problems.I loved these diapers until my last two cases . I do n't know what happened in manufacturing , but in one case the diapers were not sealed at the ends -LRB- bits of material sticking out the top -RRB- and this last case there are these hard and very sharp little nubs in the legs and waistband areas . I tried picking them out before the changes , but frankly , I 'm sick of it . My son is now just too squirmy to lay still while mommy preps the diaper . Too bad because I really do n't like any other diapers out there and really really like that these breakdown . Huggies leaves little gel bits all over him -LRB- although these were starting to leave gel bits also -RRB- and Pampers stinks to high heaven . Who thinks that a baby should smell like gaggingly sweet old lady perfume ? Anyway , that 's my two cents .
 I so wanted to like this diaper . It had so much going for it on the surface - good for baby -LRB- gentle product on skin -RRB- good for the environment -LRB- chlorine-free -RRB- . However , the tabs are really quite large and dig into my baby 's legs . I 've tried other sizes , still no luck . I do hope Seventth Gen. will come up with a better design , as I 've seen we are n't the only ones who have experienced this problem . Until then , back to Pampers .
 If someone pays me to use it , I would n't use itWe 've never experienced so many leaks ... . We had high expectations , but no matter how tight we wrapped our baby in this diaper , it just did n't work ... The diapers are very THIN , and they feel very mushy after it 's been wet .
 I found Seventh Generation diapers to be too rough for my baby . I had only used two of them , and the skin on the sides of his bottom peeled off .
 I have been using this diaper for 3 months . The previous orders worked fine , but the recent one package really disappoint me . The diapers feel like cardboard , very tough for baby 's skin . I do n't know how this company can maintain its reputation ??? will not trust it anymore ...
 I agree , the new design sucks . I 've written the company with my opinion and I think enough people write to complain , they might go back to the old design . It ca n't hurt to try . Remember the when Coke introducted New Coke - people complained so much they brought the old formula back.I loved the old diapers and now they are a gloried expensive Luvs or Pampers . It 's not worth paying the extra money.Seventh Generation 's website is recycle@seventhgeneration.com
 My wife and I purchased the STAGE 1 diapers and were very happy with them . We moved on to STAGE 2 when our son got bigger and they were a disaster . They leaked every time . Day and night . Not just a little . He was soaking wet each time . We switched to another brand and had no issues . More recently , we wanted to give these another shot and purchased the STAGE 3 diapers . Unfortuneately same results as STAGE 2 . They leaked each time . We have a large amount of unused STAGE 2 and STAGE 3 diapers left . They are useless . I really wanted these to work . These seem to work for a lot of people ; however there are a few reviewers who had the same results as we did . I suggest buying a small pack first to see if they work for you before investing in a large pack . Good luck .
 While the idea of a less `` fake stuff '' and more `` environmental friendly '' diaper is appealing , it 's only worth it if it actually works ... I switched from pampers cruisers to the seventh generation about 3 months ago . My son constantly leaks through the sides of the seventh generation leaving his clothes soaked , no matter how frequently I change his diaper . I really wanted to like these diapers and even tried different sizes , but no matter what , they 're just plain old leaky ... I do n't recommend these diapers .
 We bought this item from another seller and here 's my review : For starters , it is very light-weight and will slide across wood floors -LRB- scratching them -RRB- easily . It might even be toppled easily with baby inside by a sleepy parent at 4 am or a young brother or sister determined to do away with his or her competition.Next , the wood is easily scratched and the screws are very cheap . The Allen wrench provided did not sit fully into some of them , making them easily strippable.Third , the wool mattress does not quite fit into the bag . The mattress is a bit too big.Fourth , the board is so cheap they have to print `` do not discard '' on it , because it appears to be packing material . For this , we went through hoops upon hoops to make sure we got the formaldehyde-free version ? It might was well be cardboard.Fifth , the mattress does not accept US sheets and mattress pads . How on earth can you sell this in the US if US sheets and mattress pads do n't fit ?! Sixth , the sheet provided can not be put in the dryer . Very practical for a baby sheet ! Who has time to line dry sheets for a baby ? Or is it part of a grand scheme to get people to buy more sheets to have on hand?All in all , this is a VASTLY overpriced item that is clearly not worth what we paid for it .
 One corner of the packaging was crushed and the bottom was warped . All casters were broken too . Luckily my hubby is handy and after a trip to the hardware store , he got it together .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 This cream just does n't stay on , which renders it useless as a barrier cream as far as I can tell . It 's too creamy and wipes right off . My daughter got a very nasty diaper rash and I could n't figure out why her rash was n't improving despite medication . Thankfully , I ran out of Mustela and had to buy something quick at the local store . Once I switched to Desitin , improvement began immediately , and you can understand why . Desitin is 40 % zinc oxide and very thick . It does n't all rub off on the diaper the second you put it back on , unlike this stuff . As a new mom , I did n't know the difference , but now I do . I 'm hopeful that this will help other new moms too.I just do n't recommend this product if a rash has already developed . Perhaps as a preventative measure , it works fine .
 I bought these bottles because they are an inexpensive BPA free option . However , I am very disappointed . There are 5 parts -LRB- 6 if you include the lid -RRB- to this bottle . If not put together just right , they leak ! The bottom of this bottle screws on . It has 2 parts . The liner must be put in the bottle just right and then screwed on tight . The nipple must be pulled all the way through -LRB- you 'd think that 'd be easy to tell , huh -RRB- . If either of these areas are n't put together right , WATCH OUT ! Oh , and be careful trying to tighten one end while holding the other . Nothing like a lap full of liquid!One other thing , this bottle takes longer to warm than other bottles whose bottoms are n't as bulky.I would not buy this bottle again . There are other alternatives that are much easier -LRB- and BPA free -RRB- for a busy Mom to use .
 I was surprised that I did not like these bottles at all , considering the overall positive reviews . I found them to leak excessively from the base , and could not figure out the magic trick to get it to stop . In addition , the milk dribbles out of the nipple , so if the bottle gets knocked over not only a mess , but also a waste of hard pumped milk ! I do n't know if the constant dribble is to resemble let down ??? Anyway , would not recommend .
 Well first off these tended to be leaky . The bottom had to be screwed on super tight not to leak , then it would be difficult to unscrew to clean . And it must be unscrewed everytime you wash it or milk gets caught in it . Also my son did n't take to the nipples . So we used the avent w/these , but though the avent appeared to fit , they often leaked by the nipple w/the avent nipples . Perhaps if your baby likes these nipples and you do n't mind the bottom part then they would work for you . Oh yeah I bought them to save looking for a cheaper bpa free bottle w/a wide neck . I think I should have just gone w/the Born Free to start with =-RRB- !
 Shoulder strap on my bag broke after using the bag on its 3rd round trip . The strap broke at the plastic adjustable slide after placing over shoulder . I have read other complaints about the strap attachment hooks breaking as well but mine has given out at a different stress point . It appears the quality of the plastic is a tad cheap . Also the zipper can be an issue as it hangs when the two sides of the zipper are n't perfectly aligned when trying to close . I fear that the zipper may give out at some point and we 'll no longer be able to close it .
 I purchased this for a recent trip and while I was happy our 2009 Pliko P3 was protected , the only way the stroller fit in was if the 2 front wheels and snack track were popped off ! In addition , even with those popped off -LRB- the bag was roomy enough to stick the wheels and tray in along with the stroller -RRB- , the stroller just.barely.fit.in.the.bag ! I had nothing in the basket underneath , so nothing else taking up room . It took me a good 8-10 minutes -LRB- yes -- that long ! -RRB- to wedge , push , cajole and mash the stroller in so the top of the bag -LRB- padded part -RRB- would fit over and actually zipper closed ! My husband helped me try a ` practice run ' at home before I flew alone and we both had trouble even while working together at it ! I thought the zipper would rip off , as it was a no-name , generic one.To clarify , the height was okay -LRB- a little snug , but fine -RRB- , it was the width at the bottom of the stroller when folded -LRB- i.e. not the handle bar side -RRB- that caused the top of the bag many problems in closing.Just so future purchasers are aware , only the top zippered 1/3 is the padded part , though the rest is n't too flimsy . When I got it back , it had definite scuff marks and a rip in it from some sharp edge under the plane , so it did it 's job -LRB- it had been gate-checked -RRB- . While it may not have fit the new model P3 that great , it would definitely fit an umbrella stroller much better . I just wonder if Peg Perego changed the dimensions on their newer models causing them not to fit so well . . ? ** EDIT/UPDATE ** 12/09-Used it again on a roundtrip flight and the same thing happened . Took a long time to finally close the bag . Zipper does not work anymore and stroller got scratched beneath plane as a result :-LRB- I guess I should have seen it coming as the zipper feels/is junk . It would be great if they invested in better YKK zippers etc. .
 I recently took my 4 month old and 5 year old on an international flight by myself.It did its job , but one issue I had with this bag was that it 's very hard to take the stroller in and out . As it 's shown in the picture , the bag opens like it has a `` cap '' . -LRB- By the way , the cap part is the only part that has a padding . -RRB- For a mother to put a stroller into the bag at the gate while holding a baby , it would be so much easier if the bag opened up sideways like a regular duffle bag would do . If you lay the bag down , the padded cap part gets in the way of putting the stroller into the bag . You need someone to hold the bag vertically , insert the stroller from the top , and then close the cap . Two people from the airline helped me to do it , and they were like , `` is this really how you use it ? `` You also have to make sure to tell the airline that it has a stroller inside . If you do n't , they will think it 's just another luggage and throw all kinds of suitcases and such on top of it . The guy at the check-in counter said it might be better to use a clear plastic bag so that they know what 's inside , and that way they would n't put anything heavy on top of it .
 I bought this bag for my Uppababy G-luxe stroller . I stroller did n't fit unless I took off the fron wheels which is n't that big of a deal . As soon as I zipped the bag with the stroller inside the zipper split . Since we 'll be traveling on a plane I did n't want to worry about a flimsy zipper so we 'll be sending this item back .
 This bag does not accommodate the 2008 Maclaren Techno XT . I tried to force the top of the bag closed , but it just was n't happening . Bummer , the bag seems to be well constructed and the padding is good .
 I have no idea how this bag is getting decent reviews unless people are using very , very lightweight strollers . We purchased this bag to accommodate our Maclaren Triumph -LRB- 11.5 lbs -RRB- and the hooks fastening on the longer carrying strap broke * on both sides * the first time we attempted to lift it off the ground . The plastic snapped in two . We are returning this immediately and purchasing a Maclaren bag .
 My chicco liteway umbrella stroller does not fit in this without disassembling the front wheels . Another reviewer noted that they do n't mind removing the wheels from their Liteway stroller to make it fit , but that is too much hassle for me in the airport with a small baby . I am going to return it.It seems like this is a good quality product if your stroller is small enough . Maybe a little bulky -- just one more thing to deal with/store when it 's not in use .
 Our stroller did n't fit but otherwise this bag looks good ; beware that there is padding only on the top so nothing protects the other set of wheels
 I had good intentions when buying this bag . I had an upcoming trip and would be travelling alone with my 2 year old . I was going to need to check my stroller -LRB- I have a Maclaren Quest -RRB- and wanted a good bag . I am sad to say , that this bag did n't even survive one trip . Upon walking up to the baggage carousel , there was my stroller in this bag , completely ripped open at the zipper seams , and on the other end as well . It was nearly torn to shreds . As upset as I was about spending $ 30 on this bag , I was disgusted to see that my nice , expensive stroller was completely crushed . The wheels were literally in pieces and had gotten stuck in the liner of the bag to where we could n't even remove it without cutting the bag away . So , I 'm out $ 200 for my stroller . I learned the hard way ... FYI ... Airlines do NOT cover baby items , at all . They did say that if it had been in a hard case , they MIGHT cover damage ... but I have yet to see a hard stroller case . Save yourself a headache , and pass on this bag . And , if you can , try to gate check your stroller if you must bring it .
 I do n't like this brand . It is good enough for running but the front wheel was n't working well and I have gone through three wheels already because their customer service twice sent me the wrong one . The last one is still not good enough . If I had to buy a stroller I would n't buy this brand , I am not completely happy with it . For this price it should work perfectly right from the start and it does n't .
 Hard seat & back keeps falling forward and hitting back of head . Very uncomfortable !
 The bos does not stay standing up -LRB- as many reviews reported it -RRB- . It is not easy to keep it clean . We came back to a simple plastic bag that we trash everytime we stop .
 I should have read the fine print better . This product is labeled XL - but it should be labeled XS.it is not large at all . it works fine but it is not even close to the full volume on the inside that the outside view implies.If it was a $ 5 purchase I would not be bothered but at $ 16 it is a rip off .
 This is an okay waste container , but I found that it was not worth it to me to pay this much for something which has similar competition for less money . I bought it for two daughters as well as myself , and they were underwhelmed . It is good if you tend to toss wet trash in a waste recepticle and do n't want leakage , but beyond that it is not worth the price . It wo n't tip over , which is good , but I would hope that by the time someone is middle-aged like me , they would know how to handle garbage without making a huge mess in the car .
 I get a SPITLOAD of junk mail . I got this hoping it 'd hold a week 's worth of junk mail from my box at my condo association 's mail kiosk along with the occasional dead coffee mug or empty tissue holder.It anchors real good to the floor , but if I emptied one day 's junk mail into it , I could n't close the lid.Oh , well.Look , if you are really good about emptying the gunk out of your car * every bunch of errands you run , then this little doohickey is for you . If you 're a messy slob and dump half a cup of dead latte into your litter bag instead of emptying the mug into a gutter , than this doohickey is for you . * I * would be worried about the stink , even if it did n't leak into the car seat or the car rug.Otherwise , buy a nice soft squishable renewable components fair trade basket in a soft oval made in one of the countries in Afrida for the same price or a bit more , and know it 'll hold more and do you just fine . It is what it is . I repackaged it and will give it as a gift to a neater and somewhat more obsessively tidy friend . It 'll do the job for her , but it would n't for me .
 This is an adorable stacker . Seams seem well sewn , though the fabric is very thin . My wife wanted to use this as a no-footprint hamper , but it 's way too lightweight . It should hold our prefold diapers nicely , which is a far more appropriate use.The cardboard `` floor '' arrived broken/sliced and not cut square . At first I thought it was just packing material , but the stacker can not hold shape without a form for the floor . I 'm sure we can cut a piece to fit , but this was a dissapointment.The stacker comes with a plastic clotheshanger for hanging . This would be great if the hook swivelled , allowing one to actually hang the stacker in a useful manner .
 My daughter loves these cups but one leaks - and really , that 's the purpose of a sippy cup not to leak . It may just be a defective valve but I wo n't buy this brand again .
 These cups -LRB- in all their forms ... Diego , Dora etc -RRB- all do the same thing . After a couple of months of use , the seal around the lids start to leak . This makes for wet handbags , sticky kids and annoyed Moms .
 While the idea was good the execution was poor . The suction cup is so weak that the one year old had no trouble at all ripping it up from whatever surface it was on . Warm water put in the bottom leaks out and the inside of the tank never dries .
 Every time I put water in the dish , whether it was hot or cold water , it leaked out , so there was no point in keeping it .
 This thing is such a joke . You put just a few things on it and it ca n't hold it 's own weight , it easily collapses and loses its form . Save your money .
 This thing annoys me so much . I came on Amazon to find a different brand . The velcro is incredibly weak . I can not fill the thing up with diapers b/c it ca n't handle the weight . It is very sloppy looking . It 's made of fabric and sags all over . This thing looks nothing like the picture . I do not recommend .
 I do n't even know where to start with this . My changing table has no top space so I purchased this thinking it was the ultimate solution . My first issue was attaching it , the velcro did n't seem to attach well around itself . I finally attached the little extra velcro pieces to the back of the organizer and was able to get it to stay - so I thought . I began to fill the organizer with diapers , and other light changing supplies and the changer kept sagging lower and lower . The `` shelves '' are a great idea but all of them slump forward . I walked into the other room and heard a light crashing noise . I came in to find the organizer on the floor and the velcro I put on the back had come off . I ended up using the little loop holes on the top and some cloth ribbon to tie it to my changing table . I will use this until I find a replacement but I would not buy this product again .
 Absolutely a waste of money . `` Sticky '' tabs do n't hold any weight and it fell off within 5 min of hanging it from the dresser .
 ok this product WOULD be wonderful IF it worked ... I was so excited to start using this product but once I got it all set up the whole thing sagged at the bottom allowing everything to fall to the floor ! I would suggest something a little more sturdy to do the job ! I am now looking into a cubby system from IKEA
 I like the idea of this organizer . HOWEVER , the shelves do NOT sit straight like in the photograph . There is a lot of space - it holds about 60 diapers . But the ` shelves ' droop forward once you put anything in them . I 'm not even talking about heavy stuff . I mean like bibs and pacifiers . Great photo , just did n't pan out in real life .
 The organizer sags severely when hung up , even before putting anything in it . It lacks rigidity . Look elsewhere for a change table organizer .
 I bought this diaper stacker b/c it looked attractive , the price was right , and it would be able to hold just about anything and everything I needed . When I put it together , the base for the wipes area was loose in the box and I had a very difficult time putting it in . Also , once it was hung , and still empty , it did not look anything like the picture . All the pockets -LRB- especially the wipes pocket -RRB- were sagging to the front . I loaded the diaper stacker area thinking that the weight might straighten it out , but it did not . I put in the wipes warmer on top and it sagged even more forward . It was very dangerous as I bumped it walking past it and everything else I had put in the pockets fell out ... including the wipes warmer . : - -LRB- I did n't buy it from Amazon.com , but do n't waste your money here or at any other store on this . No matter what I did , I could n't get it to sit upright and straight like the picture .
 The pockets sag really bad , I am not even sure I will be able to use it on the wall behind the changing table because I am scared the items I store will slide forward and fall on the baby . Not well built.I was very excited about this product but it was a total waste of money .
 Nothing can stand in the sagging pockets . I really wanted to have a few products standing in the pockets , but they were always laying down . Not very organized at all . It is simply not what the picture shows . My advice
 My mom and I just got done laughing until we almost peed our pants . This thing is pathetic . She even laughed and she 's the one that bought it for me . We have a wipe warner of the same brand loaded it up with diapers and stuff and it 's so sad just droops and everything is about to fall out . We thought maybe we were missing a piece or two but no . We were thinking maybe it was missing cardboard in the walls , nope , all there , just a sad sad little piece of crap organizer . For those that got this thing and actually like it I would LOVE to know what you did to make it work . Me and my mom and husband just laughed loaded it with diapers but I think a $ 4 clothes hamper would actually do a much better job .
 I put this on my registry , but after setting it up on our changing table , I realized it was not what I wanted . It 's much larger than I thought from the picture . It took up a lot of space , and I did n't have enough misc . items to fill it up . Everything was sagging . I tried to put wipes at the top , but they just slid to the front . We folded it up after a month and have n't tried to use it since .
 Unfortunately , this product does not work the way the picture implies . While this product is exactly what we were looking for , it does n't have a strong enough infrastructure . As soon as you put items on the shelves , it sags and things fall out . Definitely returning and getting something plastic that can actually hold things .
 I was searching for an organizer like this for WEEKS and found this and the Dexbaby one -LRB- apparently the only 2 made on earth ? -RRB- . This one STINKS and I ended up returning it - then bought the Dexbaby one which is terrific.The problen with this one if that it looks nice and rigid in the picture but you ca n't put anything in the compartments without it collapsing onto itself because the compartments need to be rigis but they are just canvas . I should have read the reviews first . Simply have no idea and would be so curious to know how a company could create something like this and sell it - if they simply made a prototype and tried to put a box of wipes in the top part they would immediately see it does n't hold it !? ... A discrace to still sell this on the market . Buy the Dexbaby one ! Same price - great looking - I got it 48 hours after I ordered it ! : -RRB-
 This not worth your money . It holds nothing . You can fill it up but it sags and the stuff just falls back out . It 's not sturdy . Do not buy . The bad part is I like Munchkin products but as you can see , not this .
 This product was a total waste of money it does not sit up , it leans over and does not hold anything because of the material i would advise everyone not to purchase this product .
 i have one issue with this product
 I purchased this diaper organizer to hang on my Delta Luv changing table , because there was no storage space on top . I had high hopes for it -- Munchkin products are usually high in quality . However , the cloth on this organizer sags . When I tried to fill it with my wipes box , baby powder , and lotion -- as shown in the picture -- the pockets tipped forward and everything fell out . I would n't want a toddler getting near this organizer ! A much safer option is the plastic `` Diaper Depot '' by Prince Lionheart .
 This product is a great idea in theory , and it was just what I needed . But the construction is very very poor . The shelves do n't stay horizontal once you start putting items . I put a pack of wipes in the top middle , a small purell on the top left and a Desitin on the top right , and the thing is already coming apart . VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 This organizer is not well made . The pockets sag and the velcro does not hold well . What other options are there ?
 I saw this at the store , and I just had to buy it . I loved all the little pockets for storing different things ; it would keep all my baby changing gear and other necessities all in one place . The picture on the cover shows it stocked full and hanging on the side of a dresser , which can be used as a changing table . What a marvelous concept ! So , I took it out of the package , attached it to the dresser and put all of my gear onto it . It looked very smart hanging there , and so practical ! When I came in the room the next day , it was on the floor in a crumpled lump . So , a little disheartened , but not wanting to give up , I hooked it up to my crib , instead . It was the next best thing and I really did like the device . I put all of my gear on there once more , the wipes on the top shelf just like the picture , but the top shelf is so flimsy that the wipes topple off of it . So , not only can I not hook it up to my changing table , I also ca n't keep all of the changing gear on it . This essentially makes this ill-made product completely worthless for the purpose it was designed .
 It only took 2 weeks for the velcro adhesive to fail and the entire organizer fell to the ground . I did not overload the organizer at all . Do not buy this if you need to attach with the dresser top option . I also agree with previous reviews regarding how the pockets sag .
 I bought this hoping it would help me organise all my baby diapering needs . Unless you have a changing station -LRB- or crib , wherever you want to hang it -RRB- that has slits or slots able to hold it - the velcro will NOT hold it well . And the `` shelves '' are a bit insecure . It 's a great idea , but just did n't pan out .
 I do n't know why any company would want to put their name on this product . It is so flimsy and saggy and if I could give it zero stars I would - this piece of junk was immediately returned to the store . I bought it to hang on the side of our pack n play since we use it a lot for diaper changes and I wanted more storage space for things like qtips , thermometer , cloth diaper supplies , etc. . It held diapers ok but if you put wipes on top as shown in the pic , the whole thing sags and the wipe container falls out easily . The side pockets also do not hold up . So you are better off just getting a diaper stacker since thats about all it is good for . I attached it to the pack n play with the adhesive velcro that was included in the box . The adhesive held up better than the velcro did ... it un-velcroed -LRB- for lack of better term -RRB- within 5 minutes of me hanging it up and putting stuff in it .
 I tried every which way to mount this organizer . I tried the loops , the velcro , and the straps . No matter what I tried , the organizer did n't keep its shape . The wipe container was normal size , but the whole thing sagged from the weight , and the shelves just kept slanting so stuff fell out . The only thing that stayed in were the diapers , but I was hoping to fit a little of everything in it . I finally gave up and got a dresser top organizer which was much easier for me .
 I saw this product at the store and thought it was an awesome solution for saving space . It was the last one on the shelf , and I walked out of there feeling so lucky to have bought it . I love finding ways to organize anything and so I could n't wait to get home and try it out . Munchkin , you disappoint me ! It 's a great concept , but awful in execution . The whole thing tips forward , the diapers do n't stack well , the fabric started to fray , and I had n't even used the thing yet . I thought mounting it to the wall would be a good solution for the tipping issue , but it did n't help , and it 's quite the eyesore . I am not exaggerating when I say this is the worst product I 've bought for my baby so far . In short , do n't waste your money or time on this product , it does n't even deserve one star .
 I purchased this organizer since it was the same one my sister used and I did n't know of any others . I liked how it looked in the picture , sitting up straight against the changing table holding all the diaper changing needs . However , that picture is very misleading . This organizer sags and leans forward to the point that if you even put half a package of diapers in it the diapers start falling out , if you push down too hard while closing the wipes container the velcro gives out and it falls to the floor ... if its that easy to make it come loose I imagine that it will fall the first time my daughter pulls on it . I eventually tied mine with ribbon to help hold it up but it still sags so bad that I 'm now shopping for something more sturdy . This was a total waste of money .
 Just as the title states ... with a package of diapers in the diaper stacker and a few baby washes , the velcro on this item comes apart and the item falls down . Useless , in my opinion , to organize anything .
 This is a horrible product and the picture should be pulled for false advertising . When you set it up the whole thing sags . The baby wipe containers will not stay in the top pocket 1 -RRB- because of the sagging and 2 -RRB- because the pocket is so huge . The pockets on the side of the diaper wipes are virtually useless because of the sag . If the bottom is more than half way filled with disposable diapers the organizer gets so heavy . If you dont have bars on your changing table you need to use the provided stick on velcro straps , but if the organizer gets too heavy it will pull on the glue and come off . In the end I found myself with a half full organizer resting on the ground -LRB- because the straps pulled off -RRB- , wipes on the changing table -LRB- because it wouldnt stay in the organizer -RRB- and a long line of sticky glue on my changing table because the organizer pulled off .
 I use it for lightweight items because everything else kept falling out and / or caused the velcro straps to come undone . This thing needs LOTS of improvement and I do n't understand why they have n't been made after all of the complaints . I found it at Target for $ 4 and it helps to keep baby 's nursery organized but it is temporary . There is NO WAY I would pay full price for this thing .
 Like most of the reviews , the shelves tilt and the products I keep on it keep sliding off . This product should be taken off the market or the makers should improve on the quality
 SAGS SO BADLY that it is mostly unusable . I rigged it with 10-12 safety pins but it still does not closely resemble the support shown in the photo
 I usually love Munchkin 's stuff so I purchase this diaper oraganizer , boy was I dissapointed ! Its flimsy and unstable . Its fallen off my wall at least five times so I 'm lucky I did n't place it close to my daughter 's crib .
 Everything in the set is cute . However , when it arrives and you open it , everything is taped together with extremely strong tape . When you try to pull the tape off , it pulls the fabric on everything . Now the towel , bib , washcloth , etc. has little pull marks everywhere the tape was . It is very disappointing . This was a gift from a friend for my newborn and I feel bad she spent good money on such a shoddily put-together product .
 Everything in the set is cute . However , when it arrives and you open it , everything is taped together with extremely strong tape . When you try to pull the tape off , it pulls the fabric on everything . Now the towel , bib , washcloth , etc. has little pull marks everywhere the tape was . It is very disappointing . This was a gift from a friend for my newborn and I feel bad she spent good money on such a shoddily put-together product .
 I love multipurpose kids ' stuff . I feel like it helps reduce the clutter in my house.Unfortunately , the primary use I bought this for was kneeling by the tub to help my son take a bath , and it puts me up so high I have to lean over too far to reach him . That means I 'm choosing between my knees and my back.I thought it would be easier once he was sitting up in the tub . Not so.Also the pads for the feet fall out constantly . It 's hard to keep track of them sometimes.I 'll keep it around for a step stool when my little one starts potty training and brushing his own teeth .
 The kneeling stool is great . The padding is sufficient and I love that it flips over to convert to a stool ... Very useful ! BUT ... the elbow pad is a joke ! There is a hard plastic honey comb underneath it and hard plastic surrounding it that force you to put your elbows into two tiny areas or risk severe pain from the plastic . Not to mention that to two measley suction cups that are suppose to hold it onto the side of the tub do not work at all . It constantly pops off the tub whenever I put any weight on it . I do n't regret my purchase because of the stool which works really great . I suggest that if you still want this product after reading the reviews , you try to find it used so that you do n't have to pay retail .
 i bought this before my baby was born and thought is was a dream . then i tried using it . it put me up to high from the tub and made my back hurt bending over further . also if i did n't have my arms on the top it would constantly fall off . it only took me a week to take this item back . do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 The kneeler is not very sturdy . I was not comfortable kneeling on it , and I felt like my weight would break right through the flimsy little styrofoam-like cushion . If that is what the manufactorer considers cusioning , I 'm not impressed . I might as well kneel on a folded towel . I was hoping for something that would be soft . Also , the construction of the item is not very sturdy . It is made of plastic , and it does not seem at all durable . The elbow `` cushion '' is also not very soft . It is not secure , either . When I leaned against it to test it , it slid right off . If I 'd been busy bathing my baby , I would have tumbled into the tub with him . I do n't recommend this product .
 My post baby weight was over 200lbs , if you are over 200 lbs , this is not for you . I was only a few pounds over that so I thought `` it will be safe '' . Err ! Wrong answer , I cracked the kneeler portion . What a blow to the postpartum ego .
 This product actually made my back ache ! It raises you up off the floor too much , so you have to bend further to reach baby . I 'm going to keep it for my son to use as a step stool later , but I was disappointed with it as a kneeler . Now I 'm using one of those gardening kneeler pads , much better !
 This is definetly not worth buying . It will not stay attached to the tub and falls down while bathing . While bathing , it places you too high to reach down to bathe your infant .
 Not only does this kneeler fall off of the tub whenever it wants , it is not high enough and very combersome to use . Its cheaper and more comfortable to fold a big fluffy towel next to the tub . HOWEVER , the step stool will be great when my son gets bigger .
 I put this product on my baby registry and received it for my baby shower thinking what a great idea but when I put it to the test when it came time to bathing my son in the tub it was more of a hassle than a great idea . The suction cups that are suppose to attach to the side of the tub do not work at all and the the rubber feet at the bottom of the base come off everytime I move the stool . Now the only thing I hope for is that it will be a great stepping stool for when my son needs help climing in & out of the tub .
 I really wanted to like this mat and elbow pad set . Unfortunately , we have a really deep tub , so the sides are tall and the cute little piece in between the elbow pad and mat is n't long enough . I use it , detached from the mat on the bottom because it does save my knees , but I ca n't use the net because now it is flimsy without the bottom attached and wo n't hold anything . So , if you have a deep tub , just get the bottom part , otherwise , it will just be a waste of money .
 If you have shower doors on your bathtub , the elbow rest may not stay in place . Our shower doors glide on tracks along the tub edge . The elbow rest does not stay `` hooked '' in place over the edge of the tub because of these tracks . It 's a constant battle throughout a bath session to keep tehe elbow rest in place and utilize the cushioning.Also , since it 's constantly falling off the tub edge , I can not use the storage pockets in front . Everything falls out of the pockets when the elbow rest falls off the edge.Finally , the kneeler is comfortable but not as useful as it could be . To store the elbow rest and front pockets you need to reconfigure the kneeler - not something I expected to to have to do everytime . Also , there 's not as much storage in the kneeler as I expected because of the construction design.For the price , I would not buy again or recommend to others .
 We had an item called the tubsider for our daughter -LRB- now 6 -RRB- so I knew we needed something to help when bathing our son . This item is n't practical or very helpful . The kneeler part is nice for me ... but for my husband it creates more of a back issue because of the bend needed to reach over into the tub . THe arm rest is constantly falling off the side of the time too . Not worth the money ... I could 've rolled up some towels to get the same benefits .
 I recently purchased this product to ease my bach aches when bathing my 3 year old son . It definetly relieved some of that uncomfortableness , however , the problem I encountered with this product is the top portion -LRB- elbow pad -RRB- adhering to the side of the tub . It does not always suction properly and often times would fall off the edge of the tub . The other day my son tried putting it back and suctioning it to the side of the tub . There was a little moisture on the edge of the tub , the top slipped and he slammed his mouth onto the top of the tub . He sustained a severly cut lip and jammed his top front teeth . There was blood everywhere . His teeth are loose now but should be okay . His lip is healing up but he was in pain for quite a while . I would like other parents to be aware of this potential accident in hopes that their child will not be injured .
 I did n't register for this and I quickly realized why . The part that drapes over the side of the tub does not fit my 70 year old bath tub , the fabric was n't long enough . The blue pads on the bottom of the kneeler fell out and the plastic that was left scratched the floor . Buy a styrofoam pad for gardening ... cheaper and more comfortable !
 This item is a great IDEA . Key word , ` IDEA ' . PROS : - It 's a 4-in-1
 my nanny likes to use the mitt for washing my baby but we have other towels that are twice as thick , so we only use the towel if the other 2 we have are in the wash -LRB- rarely -RRB- .
 This product is super cute , but like other reviewers have noted - it would n't fit and kept slipping off . I was not happy .
 This is shit !! I return it . It does n't fit my spout at all . Way way too small . I found no way to put it into my spout . Return it and I need to pay for the shipping . Regret x 10000000 .
 This very cute product is designed for only ONE style of bathtub spigot - the kind that has NO water diverter where the water flows out , and NO shower pull-up handle -LRB- look at the customer pictures to see the illustrations . -RRB- On top of that , this cover is too short for any of our spigots!One of our spigots has a diverter and when I tried this cover , the water sprays weakly from all sides of the mouth instead of flowing nicely towards the front.This cover wo n't slip onto our spigots that have a shower pull-up handle . If your spigot has a flat-top shower pull-up or it can be unscrewed , then perhaps you can make this work.AND it 's too short ! When the cover is on a spigot , the back of the cover wo n't meet the tile wall , which means it ca n't be caulked into place , which means it is easily bumped out of position , spewing water everywhere , or perhaps worse , falling off the spigot entirely . No good!This product should have been designed to accommodate more styles of spigots .
 I have a 10 month old baby who always wants to stand up in the tub but he 's not totally stable on his feet yet , especially in the bath ! I bought this to protect his head in case he fell against the faucet . The product is just about as hard as the faucet itself ! If you want one just for the novelty of it for your kiddos , it 's perfect . I 'd recommend it ! But if you 're ordering it for the same reasons as I did , keep looking . This is not it!I should mention again that it is adorable & seemingly well made . Just did n't work for our needs .
 Not practical . I was so excited to get this in the mail . I have a eight month old and three yr old and I thought this concept was an amazing idea . However this product is extremely difficult to fit on and get off the spout . I do n't use it at all because it is so difficult to get on and off .
 I was looking more for a spout protective cover than a bubble bath dispenser . I could n't imagine the plastic would be very hard , but it truly would hurt just as bad as bonking your head on the faucet . I also do n't want to caulk it . It 's sitting in a box waiting for me to return it .
 We got this and realized it would n't fit on our bath tub faucet ! Argh . It was not easy to know that ! Wished it would have said that more upfront !
 The is not a 25 count of rolls of bags . This is 1 count roll of 25 plastic bags . The product itself is good , but not for $ 10 .
 I purchased this thermos locally and I agree with the previous reviewer . It does not keep food warm for long . I preheated the thermos with very hot water , added very hot soup . The soup was luke warm , at best , 3 hours later .
 I was excited to find these for such a low price compared to other brands . However , my 13 month old can pull these out the socket without a problem . The other brands are a little more expensive . I even have a difficult time trying to pull them out the socket . However Mommy 's helper are easy to pull out .
 These are unfortunately useless since my 1 year old has made it her life 's purpose to remove these from the sockets & then try to stick them back in ... ummm , not the safest game ! I 'm buying the more expensive safe plate outlet covers instead -LRB- the kind where you replace the entire outlet cover -RRB- .
 My 16 month old was able to easily remove these from the outlet . They are cheap and flimsy - go with something stronger . Worst of all , they will provide a false sense of security .
 These must be an invitation to play with outlets . My 1 year old twins had never played with or near an outlet until I placed these in the open sockets . All of a sudden they were prying these outlet plugs out and bringing them to me . It was ridiculously easy for my not-even-walking-yet little ones to pop these covers off the outlets .
 While I had difficulty removing these outlet covers , my 1 year old son can immediately pry them off of new and old outlets as his new game . These are pretty thin and sit very flat to the outlet compared to other brands that I can remove slightly easier . When he has bent the plastic prongs , they are pretty much ready for the garbage . If your child is n't as busy -LRB- or as strong -RRB- as my child I would give these a shot .
 Carry around a flat screw driver and you 'll be fine . I do n't understand how this has so many stars , the outlets are completely useless with these installed . These things will send mommy diving for the pills .
 I did n't like them . I prefer the outlet covers that slide instead . My daughter pulls these right out . They are more mommy proof than they are baby proof . I ca n't get them out at all but my daughter can with her tiny fingers .
 I know that most of the reviews say how hard these things are to remove from the outlet , but I did n't find this to be the case . Granted some of our outlets are pretty loose -LRB- loose in that things we plug in there tend to fall out -RRB- , even so it seems like a young one could pull this off and then you have the hazard of the live outlet as well as the choking hazard of the plug itself.Take a look at this video from the Today show for why this is a danger
 My son just took this off and now is exposed to a bare electrical outlet . I recommend finding a different type of outlet cover .
 I bought these outlet plugs based on the reviews . We live in a 21 year old home , and maybe our outlets are just not as tight as newer homes ? I do n't know the reason , but these outlet plugs are too easy for my 8 month old to pull out . He actually loves pulling them out ! But , this product does give me enough time to get to him before he jams his fingers in the outlet .
 For most situations , these should work fine . However , my 9 month old baby was able to pick at it and remove it in about 15 seconds . Not saying that all babies will do this , but it really should grip the outlet better to prevent certain babies from being able to defeat them .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . They do n't work like they said they would .
 I bought because I have a toddler and because this was only $ 3.00 . This cord windup did not work . I put cord inside and put the cover on . When I tried to spin it to wind up the cord , it kept on getting stuck . To add insult to injury , the ridges on the cover kept on scratching my hand up . I have n't bothered returning yet because it was only 3.00
 Kind of a pointless product . Once you wind up the cord it has to stay wound up . I thought I would unwind to close at night and then wind up during the day which is not the case . I guess I do n't see why you would spend money when all you have to do is tie the cord .
 I do like how these Wind-Ups hold the cord up out of baby 's reach . However , I move my shades up and down throughout the day , and the Wind-Ups could n't take it for long . Within a few days they were popping off every time I pulled the shade cord . I gave up and now I just loop the cord around the window lock to keep it out of reach instead .
 Do n't bother buying these unless you plan to keep your shades open permanently . They are nearly impossible to wind up as instructed and doing this daily is unrealistic . I wasted my money . blah
 This could possibly be the most useless product I have ever purchased . Ca n't get it to work as the cord bunches up on itself inside the roll . Even if I could get it to work , it would be much easier to just put the cord on top of the blind when it is raised up instead of trying to spin the excess manually . In fact , that 's what I 'll have to do .
 These do not work well at all , and I would recommend that you do not purchase them . When you wind up the cords , they pop apart .
 These do n't really work for us . I do n't know if we just are n't using them right . But if we want to wrap the cord up and still be able to pull the shades up or down , we have to redo them and undo them every time . Just not worth it . They also do n't hold enough of the cord once the shades are up .
 Length :
 This is a horrible blind cord winder . I would give it 0 stars if possible . Every time I tried to open the blinds , it fell apart if I touched the cord wind up . Do n't bother with these . Get the Kidco Blindwinder instead . It ratchets the cord up and is easy to open your window up while the Blindwinder is still on the cord .
 It 's a horrible product . If you want to raise and lower your blinds , they do n't work at all . An alternative
 I got the cord winder and tried it . I ca n't get it to stay together when I pull the cord . I am not along my husband could n't get it to work either . So I just loop the cords up high on the side of the blinds . Sorry .
 True , I do n't know why this is even marketed as a child safety product . We however got to make it hard for the cats to get to it . Wind up is a un-necessarily hard as it 's designed to stop itself from being wound up . And to let it down you might as well just open it and let the cord fall out ... cause it eventually does anyways if you manually try to unwind it.-zero stars -LRB- they really need to make zero an option -RRB-
 Wish I 'd read the reviews before purchasing 5 packs of these . Flimsy , cheap plastic with razor sharp edges . They serve to store the cords but there 's no way to wind them . Misleading , indeed . I 'm going to return these .
 These things are complete junk and fall apart whenever you -LRB- or your child -RRB- touches them ... which in turn causes a potential choking hazard for the young child . Save your money .
 If you open the blinds by holding the cord wind up then it is fine , if you tug on the cord it falls apart . They are far from worth buying .
 When I bought the product I was under the impression -LRB- mistakenly -RRB- that this somehow winds up and down -LRB- maybe with a spring or something -RRB- . The product clears up any tangled cords by storing them in the little white container . However I found the term wind up -LRB- assuming it also winds down -RRB- misleading . It is almost impossible to ` wind down ' or for that matter wind up without opening it and redoing the winding . As mentioned it does an ample job of getting some of the long cords out of the way .
 I really wanted to buy a bunch of these , but they are just too narrow.They are substantially more narrow than all the outlet plates in our house , which is a 3-year old home in Texas . I figured wall plates were a pretty standard size , but apparently not . There 's no way that anyone would be happy with how these fit in our house .
 We ordered this item from `` Quality Deals '' . The picture clearly shows the hole in the middle -LRB- which matches our outlets -RRB- . The ones that arrived have a hole at the top and bottom , which would -LRB- A -RRB- require us to drill holes in our drywall and -LRB- B -RRB- not be nearly as secure as screwing them into the plate -LRB- I suspect that the action of pushing the slider piece over will eventually loosen it anyway -RRB- . Bottom line -- do not order this item from `` Quality Deals '' . I 've submitted a request for a return , hopefully they 'll do the right thing and take it back .
 I wanted to love these outlet covers , so much so that I optimistically bought 20 of them , but I 'm seriously disappointed with them . They are easy to install and look good , but because they have the sliding panel that moves in front of the outlet , it adds enough additional material that standard plugs ca n't reach all the way into the outlet . The plugs reach in partially , but the plastic slide pressuring against them causes them to pop right back out .
 We ordered this because of all the good reviews only to realize that all of our electrical outlets have screws at the top and the bottom of the outlet plate and not at the center . This product only has a screw to fasten it to the outlet in the center with none for the top or the bottom -LRB- which is exactly opposite of what we need -RRB- . You should check your situation before you order this outlet plate ; it is unusable for us .
 These are a bit narrower than a standard cover . They do n't quite cover the holes in my wall and my 1 year old can stick his finger in the hole . Very unsafe ! If they say standard size , they should be standard size , not smaller .
 This outlet cover is great if you never plan on using the outlet . It keeps my son from sticking his finger in the socket , but the cover sticks out too far from the outlet and the plugs can not make contact with the socket . It has been very frustrating.They 're big and bulky but I found the box-type covers more useful then these . Its also been easier just to move furniture in front of plugs where practical .
 it did n't work in our outlets at all and I do n't think there is anything so unusual about our outlets . The plate held the plug too far away to make contact so that it could draw current . Very safe , but not very useful . We gave up and went back to the little inserts . Oh well .
 This price is a LOT for something that youll have to buy many of !!!! this comes with just one , and if you multiply the price by the amount outlets you have , youll be spending a lot of money . I do however recommed these ,
 I decided to try these out since the positive reviews out-weighed the negative and I really need an outlet in each room where I do n't have to deal with the plastic plugs for things like the vacuum and iron . I faced several issues and will be returning these .1 -RRB- The width and height are smaller than the standard outlet cover . While they covered the hole in the wall , they did not cover marks from the prior cover and missing paint so the wall around each outlet cover I replaced would require touch up . I took a chance since other reviewers had already mentioned this and unfortunately I had the same issue .2 -RRB- they did n't lay flat against the wall so they could be twisted left and right and it looked bad . while little fingers could n't get into the space between the plate and the wall , little hands could try to shove stuff down there . Or if they did twist the cover they could turn it enough to create an opening .3 -RRB- when trying out a few plugs in the outlet when I 'd remove the plug the cover did n't always slide back into place leaving the plug holes exposed . I tried 5 times and 2x the cover did n't fully retract .
 Ca n't make a secure connection to the wall outlet . Appliances slip out to easily . Also does n't work with the old 2 prong outlets .
 The set is as cute as it looks in the picture but did not fare the test of time very well . I got it for my daughter , who was not particularly tough on it at all , and it fell apart after about a year . The bumper ties ripped , the sheets got thin from washing , etc. .
 I liked the convienece of these pads with the lanolin built in but the pads irritated my skin a little . The edges of the pads were not soft . I would n't purchase these again . I 'm going back to the Johnson and Johnson pads .
 The concept of the pads are great . However , product execution was not done very well . While it varies from pad to pad , the amount of lanolin seemed decent . Even the main material of the pad , the portion that contains the lanolin , feels comfortable . The problem for me was that the size of the pads and/or the material around the outer edges . The material around the edges of the pads was very uncomfortable in that it 's too scratchy . It feels like paper and would have been better if it was the same as the material of the pad . The size of the pads also seem small -LRB- I 'm ~ 42DD -RRB- because of the scratchiness . Perhaps if the pads were larger it would n't be as much of a problem of it a different material was used all together . I stopped using them and instead use another disposable brand all together & just add lanolin myself as needed .
 these pads have crinkly edges that make them SO ITCHY !!!! last thing you need when you already have sore , irritated breasts ! i would never buy these again .
 I bought the Marathon for my daughter about a month ago and I love it . I 've had to move it between cars several times already , and it 's so easy to move around . And while it is big for my Outback , it 's a great seat.So I expected the same when I bought the Roundabout for my husband 's car . First off , we could n't even find the latches . I almost took it back to BRU before checking the Britax website and discovering them hidden beneath the seat and foam.Then , I discovered the belts on the latch were so short that it made it difficult to get the second latch installed . The final straw was that the belts wo n't tighten . We 've tried to install it 3 times in 2 different cars , and nothing will work . The belts wo n't tighten and the seat slides several inches each way . I do n't understand it -- the belts tighten so easily on the Marathon.So I 'm returning the Roundabout and getting another Marathon .
 Although others have reviewed Britax seats and given them high ratings , I would tell you not to buy Britax . We have the Roundabout carseat and it 's been popping out of the lock-offs no matter which car we 've tried it in . This causes the seat to move quite a bit since the lock-offs are supposed to keep the tight seatbelt in place . When I contacted Britax , they sent new lock-offs for us to install , but that did n't fix the problem . When I called again to tell them our seat is n't safe and needs to be replaced , they told me they could n't do anything for me . After spending $ 200 on a car seat to keep our precious cargo safe , you 'd think they 'd be willing to replace it . Do not buy from Britax -- they wo n't help you if you have a problem with your seat . It 's the most disappointing customer service I 've ever received .
 I bought the roundabout for the same reasons everyone else did ... safety . I do n't mind spending the money to assure my son 's safety . The evenflow seat received just as many safety marks , but everyone seems to like the roundabout so I bought it . I have n't had many problems with the seat and have been generally happy until today.I went to switch the seat to forward facing and the recline bar would n't click in the forward position . I called the company and they agreed to fix it , but I have to send the seat and they will have it for over a week . They refuse to send me a replacement or temporary seat . I ca n't be without a car seat for over a week . So I have to purchase a second seat to have this one repaired . Does that make sense ?? They also speculated that I broke it installing it too tightly . Does that make sense either . I of course kneeled on the seat -LRB- as recommended -RRB- to get a tight fit , but I only weight 130lbs . I am so disgusted with the lack of help and customer service that I will not buy another seat and will be purchasing the Evenflow that all my friends love , is equally as safe and their children are all very comfortable in . It actually is better padded than the Britax . I am a very unhappy consumer and hope you do n't have a problem with your seat .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CARSEAT if you care about your child 's safety ! My almost 2 year old can get out of this seat - just like the other reviewer wrote ! I called the manufacturer and they did n't seem to CARE ! I do not get my money back and instead , I 'm stuck with a carseat my child can get out of ! I have pinned the flap down , tightened the straps until it almost drew blood and done everything suggested but my child can get out ! Do not buy any car seat that the child can reach the release - it is not hard to raise that up , child leans forward and GETS OUT OF THE CARSEAT IN A MOVING CAR ! There needs to be some kind of TV show about this so people know not to buy these car seats ! Safe , my eye ! HA !
 I bought this car seat because of the reviews it received on Consumer Reports . Our 2nd car is an older model so I wanted to get the highest rated car seat for that car -LRB- to have a little more peace of mind -RRB- . First off , my son is now 2 yrs 9 months old and weighs a little over 30 pds & is 3 ft tall . According to the manufacturer he should still fit in the seat however , the restraint system is WAY TO SHORT . We ran out of extension months ago on the straps and now we can not even click the clips into the seat buckle . I called the company and they said ` no , there are n't any longer straps you can even purchase for this ' . He is not ready for a booster seat yet , and this has made things very inconvenient . Plus he was very uncomfortable in the seat prior to this and now it is unusable , and we still have another year to go that we will need to use a car seat.As far as comfort goes , it is very boxy and the padding is thin . Not nearly as comfortable as our Evenflo Triumph 5 carseat that we purchased for our new car . I would highly recommend that seat . It has more room for the child to stretch out , the edges are more curvy , and the padding is much thicker . We also have plenty of strap length to fit him . It also sits up higher so that he can see out of the windows in the car -LRB- which we all know makes ahappier trip for everyone ! -RRB- . Over all a much better car seat.My friend purchased a roundabout also and returned it after 2 days of use , and then purchased the Triumph 5 and has no regrets.The price of the roundabout is high and the benefits are low !
 I bought the britax because in my opinion , you ca n't put a price on safety ! However , the easy forward facing lock-offs seem poorly made , When I went to buckle my son in today , the lock-off was released . Now I ca n't seem to get it tight no matter what . I had a similar problem with the Britax Marathon , but after exchanging it , it has been fine . I guess I 'm off to try another roundabout as well : -LRB-
 Let me explain my thoughts good , and bad on this car seat.I do think that this is a wonderful , and safe carseat that is very easy to use in our 2002 Town and Country . However , the reason I gave this seat one star is that I feel mislead by Britax.The bad
 It arrived in a box however the plastic it was packed in once you opened the box was so dirty and black I just knew I would have to send it back however once I took it out the plastic it was n't damaged or dirty at all just very wrinkle
 Ordered the ecru set , thought it would feel like 100 % cotton , but might as well have been polyester . The material in the bumper pad made a crinkling noise . Just was n't a fan of the fabric quality - the sheets were rough too . The blanket was the best item in the set .
 We received this set as a gift about 16 months ago . We 've been using it only 10 months , since the baby slept in our room for awhile . The monitor no longer works -LRB- vertical hold does n't hold -RRB- - the picture just flips continuously.Safety 1st flatly refused to do anything for me , since it was purchased more than a year ago , and I do n't have the receipt anyway -LRB- again , it was a gift -RRB- . This company is worthless . I 'm not buying anything from them again , since they do n't stand by their products.Amazon should offer Zero Stars .
 We bought this monitor because we liked the idea of visually monitoring our baby . Our daughter is not even 2 years old now and we are on our 3rd monitor . The first one broke a few months after we bought it -LRB- the audio monitor broke -RRB- , so we returned it to the store for a replacement . Now that one has broken a little over a year later . This time the video monitor just stopped working . We called the company & they told us that the part we needed was on back order but they would send us a brand new set , still in the box , at no charge to us . We waited 3 three weeks for our replacement to arrive . Finally I called the company back and they said it had not shipped yet !!!!! They were having `` warehouse issues '' . I was told they would ship one right out to us & in 24 hours they would call me back with a tracking # for Fed Ex . Received no call . Called them again . I finally got a tracking # & called Fed Ex . Is n't it funny that it shipped the very next day after I had called . Seems like their `` warehouse issues '' are just `` customer service '' issues . Not pleased at all . Save your money & buy a different brand .
 We purchased this monitor as it had both the video that we could keep next to the bed and the sound monitor that we could carry around . The video monitor is a piece of junk ! Our house is only 1700 square feet and we can not see the picture if you are more than one room away . Also , it gets a lot of static and becomes very loud with static during the night . I 've been woken up more by the static that I have by my babies cries ! The portable sound monitor seems to work well , except the batteries fall out very easily . If you just shake it a little , the batteries fall out and then they have to be reinstalled . Unfortunatley , we received this 2 months before baby was born and did n't use it for teh first three months , since he was next to us in a bassinet . I did n't save the box or the receipt . If I had , I would be taking it back . My advice is to test out any monitor you buy before you destroy the receipt or the box !
 This monitor hardly works . We live in a 1700 sq. ft. house and this thing could not transmit the sound of our baby crying on to the screen monitor at night time . He has apnea problems and we need to hear him at all times ... for the one week that we have used this thing it alerted us 1 time out of about 10 of his crying just with the sound . If we woke up we could see the red signal at the top lighting up but no sound . Not very good for someone that needs or wants to keep a close eye on their baby.Also the screen does not transmit a clear imagine if you happen to stand up or switch positions when laying in bed . That is also not a good feature . The only positive point is the hand held portable transmitter . That works wonderfully BUT the batteries die after about 15 hours of use . Not very pratical.I would suggest not waisting your money on this product as the efficiency of it is non-existant . I suggest getting a 2.4 ghz one for better reception and notification .
 Despise all the reviews and after talking to the sales associates at BRU . We purchased this monitor over the summer dual monitor . We have only had it for 12 hours and already the monitor is not working . I moved the monitor right out side my daughters door and it still doesnt work . It only worked for about 10 mins and then hasnt worked since . Yes there is a hum and if you dont mind it or dont have senitive hearing , its fine . It drove me nuts . If you want to try it , cause yes some homes get better reception , but buy it locally and hang on to your box and your receipts . As most of the reviews state , it goes bad months later , so make sure you can return it locally so your not out shipping cost . Just be aware when you purchase this monitor and hang onto everything . We are out to do more research for another monitor . We are looking at X-10 cause so far they have had the best quality .
 At first , I loved my Sagerty 1st TV monitor . However , my version is the previous model with the built in TV . According to the camera unit , the model dates back to 1999 , but mine was purchased from BabiesR ` Us in 2003 . In any event , I 've been using the unit for 18 months , and TV monitor just died . I spoke to my friend and mentioned my problem , just to find out that both she and her friend experienced the same issue . She told me to call Safety 1st , as they both did , tell them what happened , and they -LRB- the company -RRB- would replace the unit for free . All I would need to do is pay for Shipping and Handling . So , I did just that . I called Safety 1st , but they told me a different story . They told me the unit only had 1 year warranty , and that they would do me the courtesy of replacing my unit at 50 % of the cost . I relayed my girlfriends ' stories , and they checked their consumer records . Apparently , although neither of them were asked to present store receipts , both had indicated their units were purchased in 2003 . After some debate , I was able to get them down to 30 % of the replacement cost . But I am still not thrilled at this option . I am currently awaiting someone `` higher in the ladder '' to call me to discuss this matter further . So , the bottom line is ... if you 've experienced the same problem , just tell a little white lie and tell them your unit is less than a 1 year old . I mean really , my mother has a regular TV that is still in good working condition that has lasted over 20 years . Ca n't they make this last until our children are at least 5 ? They sure do charge enough .
 Got this as a gift at my baby shower . Video reception is very poor and the transmission distance is quite short . Our home is 70 ft long and the video transmission can not make it that far . The audio transmission is good so that is the only reason I gave it 2 stars . Overall , regrettable product .
 This is a terrible baby monitor . The picture quality is terrible and the interference is awful . My sound has stopped working after 4 months , it either does n't work at all or it has a terrible loud static and then when the baby crys it is so loud it will make you fall out of your bed . There is no way of adjusting this thing . I am temped to beat it up a little to see if it will make it work better . After trying to deal with this problem for the past week -LRB- we even put foil on the antennas to see if that would make the reception better , did n't work -RRB- we are going to contact safety 1st . I wish I could get my money back .
 For the price , I would have expected better performance . Lucky for us it was a gift . The audio performs passably , although I found the maximum volume , on the video monitor at least , was too quiet . The video signal never worked reliably when the units were upstairs & downstairs , respectively . The interference from the cordless telephone , however , was unbearable . With just two channels to choose from , it was impossible to clear up even after trying all the channels on the cordless phone . I am much more satisfied with the Sony Baby Call 900 MHz 27-channel monitor -LRB- audio only though -RRB- , in all respects .
 Like many others who have written , we had received the previous model -LRB- with the TV - a feature I liked -RRB- but after the infrared sensors died we returned it to Safety First , who replaced it with this newer model . While the reception & quality is still fine during the day , the night vision died again after only 2 months and now I can not see my daughter in the dark . Whoever was told by customer service that the infrared sensors are `` not supposed to be lit up '' was told a crock of lies ! As soon as those go out , you will notice that you can no longer see in the dark . This appears to be a chronic problem with this product , so do n't waste your money . I saw that GE makes a similar video monitor , maybe that is better since they are a trusted name in electronics .
 This video monitor did not work for us . The picture on the TV only came in when we were in the baby 's room . What 's the point in that ? When we moved it to another room we could not get a picture . We were disappointed . We rated it one star because that is the lowest we could go . We would have preferred to give it zero stars .
 Had this video monitor in townhouse complex . I heard more of the people across the way than my own child upstairs . Video screen was rarely clear . Lots of static with audio . Screen finally went after 2 years . Customer service refused to replace . Gave me lots of attitude . Not professional . very disappointed with product and customer service .
 If this had not been a gift without a gift receipt we would have taken it back after the first day . The video monitor had * severe * vertical hold issues and would not stop rolling . Very entertaining for the cats , not so much for us , especially at night . Both the audio and video had terrible interference issues . Maybe it was our Wi-Fi , maybe it was sunspots . Either way both would hiss at random intervals , completely obscuring the signal , even if the receiver was right next to the optical device . Last night , it just stopped working . Nothing but hiss , no matter what channel it was on . If the video monitor was n't a tube-TV I 'd take a hammer to it . If it was possible to give zero stars , I would .
 GOt this monitor for my baby shower in June 2004 had my daughter in July 2004 started using it would advise several things one for the money its more worth to save the monitor for when your child is a toddler for then is when you really need to see him/her in the video . In June 2005 replaced monitor which was under warranty for a year , they had me send the old and sent me a new one , around 6 months later with the new one started getting lighter on the screen to see at night , in March 2006 monitor started making zapping noises waking me up in the middle of the night all night long AND monitor has picture of two cribs tried to adjust and wont change . No longer can see anything but two cribs not sure why that is . Price is way too much money either need to offer extended warranty to purchase with this price you pay for it and it only last 6-12m onths .
 We loved this monitor until a little over a year after we started using it -LRB- of course after warranty expired -RRB- . The picture got increasingly worse and smaller so that now -LRB- two years later -RRB- it is a 1/4 inch strip across the monitor . We can only use it for sound now . We are definately purchasing a different brand for the next baby .
 I bought this video monitor for the night vision . But I can only get a good picture when the light is on . At night half the screen looks like fog . It hurts my eyes to look at the screen and I ca n't even see my child on the monitor . The monitor works fine for daytime but if you want to see your child in the dark this monitor is a waste of money .
 We purchased this monitor so that we would have the piece of mind to see our newborn son sleep without having to go into his room to check on him . Even though the phones and different household items would sometimes make it go crazy , it was still so handy to have - until I used it for about 2 months ! One night as I was getting ready for bed I noticed that there was no picture on the monitor ! The thing just would n't work ! We could get sound but could n't see a thing in his room at night when it was dark ! I tried it the next morning and it worked fine . I left it on all day this time , but when it got dark out the monitor would n't pick up any picture again ! This is totally useless to me if I ca n't see him at night when I would need it the most ! I have looked all over for a way to get it fixed or talk to the company and ca n't find anything ! I guess I am just stuck with an extremely expensive monitor that only picks up sound ! DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 We got this as a babyshower gift . I loved the idea , but in the begining , who needs a video to watch a swaddled infant ?? LOL . At around 5 months , I began using the night vision . At 8 months of on and off use , the night vision broke . I finally got around to calling the company 13 months after the unit was purchased ... mind you I got it at a baby shower ... they offered to send me a replacement camera for $ 99 ... now why would I purchase a replacement for $ 100 , when I can get a whole new unit for $ 150 ??? So , we no longer have night vision . Instead I put it in my home office for watching my child while I work . I guess if it didnt break in such a short time , I would reccomend ... but for $ 150 , it definelty should have lasted longer than a year . . in my opinion . So , yes it is a good monitor initially , yes it has decent clarity of picture , and yes , I loved it at first , but save yourself money and go for another option ...
 The picture/reception was never good , and finally the parent reciever -LRB- sound only -RRB- broke . Also , their so called `` night vision '' was awful.I had purchased the product reimbursement plan , and I am SOOOO glad I did . Definitely NOT WORTH THE PRICE !
 My daughter who is 9 months old , this is her fifth monitor . We received it as a gift for my baby shower . It worked great until the monitor went bad . Then we purchased another because we liked the fact that we can see her . The monitor went bad again . This last model something in the camera part went bad . We could only see her during the day . Well , needless to say we are now done with this monitor . It was great to see her but not worth the money .
 I 've had this brand and model of monitor for 10 months now . My second one just went bad again . I had the first one for about 4 months when the night vision went out and I could n't see anything at night . I returned it for another and now this one is doing the same thing about 6 months later . It has n't even been a year since I started buying these ! I 'm going to see if the store will take it back . If it will , I 'm buying the other greenish colored one . I 'm not going to mess with this one anymore .
 There must be something better . Like everyone else -LRB- this should be a clue for new purchases ! -RRB- , this is a factory replacement -LRB- 900M -RRB- for the original monitor -LRB- 2.4 G -RRB- we purchased where the camera failed -LRB- infrared again -RRB- . The replacement picture is nominal at best in infrared . The reception is awful at more than a few feet . Many other devices interfere . The portable sound monitor is a nice addition , but it eats AAA batteries -LRB- four at a time -RRB- with a passion . Purchase something else when it becomes available . Do n't risk it ... the one 's who love it have n't had a failure yet .
 We bought the 2.4 GHz version of this monitor last November when my daughter was born and absolutely loved it . We had to send it back when the infrared night vision lights went out -LRB- customer service was great by the way -RRB- and they had changed to the 900Mhz version . The 900MHz monitor has terrible reception in our house . We get almost no picture two rooms away . I would say that it might be because we have 900Mhz phones , but we bought the Summer Infant 900Mhz monitor and get a great picture . I really still love the 2.4 version the best and would buy it again in a heartbeat if they ever make in again .
 We received this monitor as a shower gift and have only had problems from the beginning . The sound feature broke on my first one -LRB- although in all subsequent ones it was still awful , and you can barely hear your baby -RRB- only a few months after received it . I contacted Safety 1st and they sent me a new one , then a few months later the night vision feature broke , and since the product was still under warantee , they sent me another one . Now my 3rd montior has broken -LRB- the night vision feature again -RRB- and Safety 1st told me they no longer make this model , and it is no longer under warantee -LRB- short by 3 months -RRB- so I have to purchase a new one . When I told them that based on their track record I was considering another brand , they said `` fine '' . I ca n't believe a Company would n't want to do more for a customer when clearly they are selling an inferior product . I do not recommend anyone buying this product , it will cause you more hassles than its worth .
 First I purchased the 2.4 GHz monitor with TV inside . It seems to be work great . We still did n't try it on baby -LRB- I 'm due next week -RRB- though , but we did try it in dark room and with both our laptops working with wireless internet . Then I saw this model and liked the idea of wireless sound monitor -LRB- that comes as a bonus -RRB- . So I bought this one too to try . Well , the quality is not even close . The picture is awful , `` snow '' all over . And it does n't have a TV inside , which can be nice in future . BTW , TV works great!So my husband already returned the new one -LRB- 900MHz -RRB- and I 'm keeping my `` old '' one -LRB- 2.4 GHz -RRB- . My 2 cents - try both of them and see what is good for your house and for your telephones and computers.Good luck .
 I loved this product until it stopped working -- after only 3 months of use ! Like many of the previous reviews , the night vision just suddenly stopped working . I was hesitant to buy this product based on its mixed reviews , however I did love it while it worked . It 's ridiculous that such an expensive monitor would fail after only 3 months of use . I 'm sending the product back & taking the refund to buy another monitor . I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this product , and I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I swear by a video monitor and ca n't live without one , but I have now replaced this one three times in 6 months ! The monitor , not just the infrared , the actual screen , just completely stopped working TWICE . When it works , it is great , but for $ 150 it should last more that 2 months !
 Be careful ! After 5mos of use I had to have the system replaced because we lost night vision . 5 months later we lost it again but the system 's warranty is only good from date of purchase and they would not replace it . -LRB- We did n't use it for the first 3mos after birth -RRB- Cost to replace is $ 84.00 which I refuse to pay if it 's just going to break again . Representative from company admits that there is a problem with it.When it worked it was great to have and is going to be hard to live without .
 I was happy with this unit until the night vision completely lost function after only a few months . We can not see any detail at all in the dark , which is 99 % of the time the monitor is needed . I just contacted the company by e-mail , and now I see online that many people have had this same problem . For the amount of money this unit cost , I expected better quality .
 I purchased this monitor for my first child , and had pretty good reception with it . Unfortunately it did not last until I had my second child . It only lasted about a year and a half . At that time I decided that I needed a new monitor for my first child and that I was going to need a second one for the baby . I read a review at the time on this website which recommended the radio shack monitor . It allows add on cameras to be in multiple rooms at once so that both children can be monitored . You can program it to be on one , or both . It stays 4 or 6 seconds -LRB- your choice -RRB- one one camera , and then switches to the other room . It is a little bit more expensive but definately worth it in my opinion .
 Initially the monitor worked well and then the video portion stopped working . No picture at all . Contacted Safety 1st got the run around for a week and then said it needed to be replaced and that the only way they would do that was to send in the entire system . So now I am without any monitoring system after spending the money for what was supposed to be the best . Bottom line poor quality , unreliable backed up by the worst customer service policy I have ever seen .
 We got this as a baby gift and had so much trouble setting it up . We could not get good reception from any room in our house ! The momentary reception we were getting was so poor you could n't make out details ... Do NOT waste your $ 150 ... We have n't tried any of the other video sets yet but I 'm reluctant to after the extreme dissapointment we had with this one ...
 I first purchased the 2.4 GHZ last June . It lasted three months and was completely out without warning . The company is very cooperative and asks no questions . You have the choice to have them send a new monitor or a complete refund . Second monitor , went out in about 31/2 months and sent this one back . I purchased the third one on January 7 and it is now out . The company has pulled these off of the shelf because they were no good and replaced them with this model . I drove to the nearest toys r us today which is 40 miles and this is a horrible model . Their is barely a picture of the baby . This one will now be returned . I rate this very poorly , although keep in mind the company is awesome and will never give you any problems with returns or refunds .
 We bought this monitor after our old Safety 1st Monitor finally died after 2 years . The old monitor was great , so we figured a new Safety 1st Monitor should be even better , right ? Wrong ! The picture was absolutely horrible . We took the unit back to Babies R Us a week later and got our money back . If anyone could recommend a GOOD monitor - please let me know !!!
 We bought the 2.4 GHz Child View Monitor and absolutely loved it . Unfortunatly , the LED lights went out and when I contacted the company I was informed that they could only relpace it with this newer less appealing model . The 900 Mhz will interfere with my cordless phones and there is no TV . I loved the TV ! I would watch it while folding laundry or waiting for my daughter to fall asleep before I went to bed . To get the replacement , I have to send back bits and pieces to prove that it is destroyed . So I could n't keep my TV anyway which seems like an awful waste . I am really dissapointed with this company and urge others to beware before entering into a dysfunctional relationship with Safety 1st !
 I HAD THE OLDER VERSION WITH THE TV AND WE EXCHANGED IT ABOUT 6-7 TIMES BECAUSE THE PICTURE KEPT GOING . I ONLY DID THIS BECAUSE OUR 1ST SON WAS THE SPIT UP KING , SO WE DEALT WITH THE HASSLES . FOR MY 2ND SON , I SAW THIS NEW VERSION AND THOUGHT-GREAT A NEW AND IMPROVED MODEL . WELL , I GUESS IT 'S NEW AND IMPROVED ... BUT THAT STILL SAYS VERY LITTLE . IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO SEE THROUGH THE SNOWY PICTURE AT NIGHT . WHEN I CALLED THE COMPANY THEY HAD ME UNPLUG AND REPLUG EVERYTHING BACK IN MY HOUSE . THEN I MOVED IT CLOSER ... NOTHING WORKED . I AM TAKING THIS BACK TOMORROW . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I have to say in the beginning I thought this product was great , I could see the baby and know whether I had to go in or if she was just playing . It has only been a year and the video monitor screen has died on us , I only can see a blur , so we just use if or sound . When I contacted the manufacturer , I was told I could buy the screen for 107.00 which is still not a bargin , and they were not helpful on the phone at all . I do not recomment this product to you if you want to use it for the long term . I only hope in the future they will develope their technology a lot better to make it last , but on the other hand how can they make money if that happens !!!
 We purchased the 2.4 ghz monitor back before our daughter was born and when we put her in her room at around 4 weeks of age it worked fine for the first few nights . . then the monitor started jumping ... We sent it in for another one and they sent us this product ... in my opinion this is a lower quality and not worth the money ... I paid more for the 2.4 ghz but yet they felt that it was a even swap because it had the audio monitor as well . . If I had wanted another gadget with what iI was buying I would have bought the 2 camera unit from another company . . As for customer service . . they made me pay for shipping the unit back the first time . . which I packaged up nicely so that it wouldnt be damanged anymore in the shipment back . . THEN ... when i got the replacement shipment . . there was no paper . . very little tape holding the box together worst packaging Ive ever seen ... just this product in a larger box ... much larger I might add ... and nothing to keep it from getting damaged ... so . . lets just say im expecting this one to go bad also
 I had my first monitor burn out within 6 months , and thought it was a fluke . The second one burned out within 3 months . Video monitors are awesome , but this one is poor quality !
 This product was a replacement for the other Safety 1st monitor that broke . I got it in February and about 3 weeks ago the sound does n't work until you hit the top of it and now the on button has to be pushed several times before it goes on . To top it off , the Safety 1st company is doing nothing for me . Talk about good consumer relations ! They said my warranty ran out from my first product that broke . Which by the way I mailed back to them at my expense ! What a bunch of bull ! Please do not waste your money . I will never buy a product from Safety 1st again !
 I received this video monitor as a gift and loved it at first . Within a month of installing it , the camera stopped working . I had to send the entire unit back before Safety 1st would send a replacement . I received a replacement within about a week . For about 2 weeks I got great reception with a clear picture and then all of a sudden the reception on the new monitor just died . This same thing happened with 3 more replacment units before I finally just returned the entire thing to Babies R Us and purchased the Summer 's Infant Video Monitor . I have had it for approx . 6 weeks and love it .
 The volume would n't work on the TV monitor -LRB- brand new -RRB- then I found that when I moved it in the right position the sound would come through . The picture was O.K. you can see at night but it had a tube effect , darkening around the image , as long as the image was dead center . The hand held receiver was really bad . I was shocked to find that it was so unclear . I found that a cheap monitor that I got as a promo the , -LRB- 900 Mhz Long Range Monitor -RRB- had a much clearer sound.I could hear my daughter breathing , and never second guessed what she was doing in her crib .
 I registered and received this monitor as a shower gift . I thought it would be great . My daughter is 10 months now and I have already bought another monitor . Within the first month of use the hand-held audio only monitor broke . The video actually works really well and aside for some NOISY interference that it picks up sometimes , its a great picture day or night . The camera is kind of a pain , though . The way that it is angled , you need to mount it on the wall above the crib , or have it sitting on a tall piece of funiture that can overlook the crib . I do n't have that , so we only really use it for the sound . The monitor is very large , though , and so it would have been nice if the hand held auido one worked - so I could take it to another room . This model has too many problems I would n't buy it if I could do it over again .
 Video was good and appeared to be worth the price . Unfortunately , it has limited channels -LRB- only 2 -RRB- and they just do n't offer enough flexibility to deal with any other 900 MHz systems . Not only does it creates static on my cordless phone but when the phone is in use , the video signal goes completely out . So alas , back to the store this goes ... If you only have 2.4 GHz systems in use at your house , this one will probably work for you .
 We bought this and had trouble from the start with the reception and the night vision . The reception was never stable therefore difficult to watch . The night vision is just weak compared to the Summer model which we ended up getting . And finally the tube blew out after less than a year of sitting boxed up in a closet . Complete waste of money .
 I have owned this product for a year and half and now the video monitor went out on it . I took it to Babies r us and they said they have a 90 day return or exchange policy now without receipt or box and they said to contact Safety 1st . I called Safety 1st and they said it only has a one year warranty . I find this absolutely horrible for a company to only warranty this product for one year when obliviously so many others have had similar problems . I will not buy Safety 1st products again .
 I had originally bought the Safety 1st 2.4 GHz Child view monitor back in 2002 when my daughter was born . It was a VERY reliable product -- day OR night the picture was great . So when the wire frayed to the monitor , I did not hesitate to purchase another safety 1st video monitor . I bought the 900Mhz sight and sound assurance and IT IS AWFUL !!!!! The picture is wavy and fuzzy during the day and I do not get ANY picture at night !!!! And if my phone rings , I get NOTHING BUT SNOW !!!! I am VERY VERY disappointed and will be returning it to the store ASAP ! I am not sure why this model is so inferior to the old one , but its clear that Safety 1st needs to rethink this one !!!!!
 I received this momitor as a gift and thought it was a great idea . The person who purchased it for me has a daughter who just had a baby as well , and who was using this one and loved it . At first it worked great , although it simply ca n't be used while using a 900 MH cordless phone . Ca n't get a signal . Then we discovered that we could get no reception whatsoever when we brought the monitor upstairs to our bedroom . It would only work on the 1st floor where my daughter 's bedroom is . One of the great features , however , is that the camera has night vision , so when the lights are off in her room at night , we can see her clearly -LRB- provided we sleep in our guest bedroom on the first floor , which is what we 've resorted to doing -RRB- . Now however , after only a few months , the night vision feature has crapped out and you ca n't get picture at all when the lights are off . It still works fine during the day or when the lights are on in her room . I will be calling Safety 1st customer service 1st thing tomorrow , so we 'll see how that goes and I 'll post an update.I did give it at least the 2 stars because generally speaking , when you do get reception -LRB- which is most of the time except when using the phone -RRB- , the picture really is pretty good , and we have gotten good use of it . I just hope customer service comes though and I am able to get the problem with the night vision fixed .
 Do Not Waste Your Money on this product !!!! I have bought two of these monitors in a period of 2 and 1/2 years . The product is set up to work just as long as the one year warranty and then a couple months after the warranty is out so is your monitor . This can get expensive if you 're buying a monitor every year . I reccomend finding a monitor that is a lot more reliable .
 This has to be the worst purchase I have made since my son was born . I have to take this back as soon as I can . You can not get the picture to come in . When it does it flickers , and when you adjust the tuner in the back it gets even worse . The only bright spot is the small audio monitor ... but the reception that it gets is horrible . I would have rather had my cheap Fisher Price $ 14.00 monitor . This does n't make me feel safe , it makes me feel robbed ... by safety 1st .
 I had the 2.4 version before and the led lights went out on 3 different ones -LRB- within less than a year -RRB- The company was actually very nice to deal with and kept sending me new ones and having me send in the broken ones . I absolutely loved the 2.4 version because I could see my son perfectly at night , it was my favorite `` baby '' item . I was so disappointed when the first one broke . This last one that has broken was replaced by the new 900 version and I ca n't stand it . I ca n't see my son at all at night . During the day , the picture is very grainy but I can at least make out his outline . I am due with our second child in a few months and I 'm not sure what I am going to do at this point as it does n't work as a monitor that you actually would need -LRB- like for a newborn ! -RRB- I was happy to see that I was not the only one with all the problems . I would love to find another one that works at night !
 The monitor worked for about one month , then the infrared system stopped working . A few months later , the audio system stopped working . Of all the baby gear I have -LRB- and I have a lot -RRB- , this is by far the worst item we own . Do n't waste your money .
 I really like using this monitor - the picture is usually clear enough ; sometimes I need to adjust the anntena or move the monitor around the table . The video monitor gave me such peace of mind , especially when I was trying to get my daughter to sleep through the night . The audio is great . I can even hear the baby rolling over and sometimes even hear her breathing . The only thing is , the units do n't last . My sister-in-law gave me hers , and after about 9 months the monitor stopped working . I got a replacement , but the night video -LRB- infrared -RRB- did n't work from the beginning . Safety 1st replaced the entire set with their latest model , which is the one I 'm reviewing . It worked great for 7 months , and again , the night video -LRB- infrared -RRB- just quit . My husband thought it 's because I leave the camera on 24/7 , but the other reviews are proving that this product is just very short-lived . I give it 2 stars just because I 've been given a replacement in the past because it was still under warranty ; I 'm assuming I 'll be sent another replacement for this one when I get through to customer service .
 I have had this video monitor for five months now and I am not happy with it at all . I went with this monitor for several reasons one being that I would n't have to get up and down out of bed all night long to check on my baby , it does serve that purpose BUT I also picked this monitor thinking the more expensive it would be the better it would be but I was mistaken . It gets a lot of interference with just about anything in the house . I have the tv screen in my bedroom and it sits beside my alarm clock and gets a lot a interference just from that . The handheld monitor also has poor quality which I have set up downstairs on my first floor and when the microwave is on it just has static and the phones , garage door opener , just about anything interferes with it . The tv monitor part also has poor vision quality I squint just to focus on what i am trying to see , and also has lines that go down the screen and the screen flickers all the time . It has static also all the time and only offers two channels which neither does well at all . I would suggest if looking for a video monitor to go with something else . Its not worth the money it was paid for at all .
 My husband and I had two of these monitors . Both video screens stopped working after about 6 weeks . The picture was also often fuzzy and did n't work in certain areas of our house . The only thing that we did like was that it came with the extra monitor so we could be in two different areas in the house and both hear our daughter .
 The video monitor is like watching a tv from the 70 's - it is black and white with alot of ` snow ' noise and horizontal bars constantly . Also , the night vision does not appear to be working and after reading some of the other reviews here , it seems this is not a well built quality item and the night vision seems to have problems elsewhere.Good luck with your purchase ! Hopefully it goes better for you .
 Even thoough , I like seeing our newborn , it is not worth the money . We have nothing but problems , every night I put the monitor on and it is either fuzzy or the pictue keeps flipping over and over . I think the idea is great , however if they are going to charge so much for it , they need to come up with something better .
 I thought that this was going to be a great device , but I was wrong . I ordered this item the beginning of November in 2004 and did not get it out of the box and use it until the following January and it started off being the greatest and coolest thing I had . Then after the second night of using the sound monitor it just quit producing any sound . I did n't really sweat it because you can hear sound through the t.v. . The nabout two months later of just using the t.v. at noght and no other time during the day the t.v. just quits working . I get just a blank bright screen . I did notice that when using my cell phone around the t.v. that it would make the screen jump and get blurry so I kept the phone away from the t.v. so that could n't have played a role . I wish I had known that I was going to be throwing this much money away because I could have used it on something else for my first child .
 I gave this 1 star because we originally bought the 2.4 GHz model with the TV/Video Monitor . It was nice to have the extra TV . However , the LED night vision went out in the camera and we had to send the entire unit back to the manufacturer at our expense . They sent us this `` new and improved '' version which is only 900 MHz and does not have the TV monitor . They said they stopped making the TV version and they did n't have any of them left to send out as replacements . I am disappointed with the `` new and improved '' version because the picture quality is not as good and I miss having the TV . The level of service I received from the manufacturer was lacking as well -LRB- the service agent was not very nice nor was she helpful -RRB- . I will not buy anything from the Safety 1st brand again .
 I bouht this item last september , and I lived in Brazil.Well , the problem is . . 2 weeks after I am using the monitor , it stops to work , and I do n't know what to do , because nobody here knows where can I find a place to replace that.Someone can help me ?
 We hav n't used yet baby is due on the 20th of this current month
 Our monitor officially stopped working 2 days ago . We will replace it with another brand , b/c we find it very reassuring to see the baby at night and check on him w/o opening the bedroom door . The monitor 's plug is a huge and bulky square that gets hot when plugged in . The plug seems to be the reason the monitor is not working because when we adjust it and hold it into the outlet the picture appears for short bursts of time . However , once it is let go , the unit is out again . I was surprised it only worked for a little over a year . I would not recommend purchasing an expensive product like this only to have to replace it in a short period of time . Also , the heat from the plug seems dangerous .
 I just got off of the phone with Safety 1st moments ago . I have this baby monitor and was pretty happy with it for the first year or so . The warranty is only good for one year and now I know why . We were very careful with this monitor and after 2 years , the picture is horrible . There is a huge bar running right across the image so you ca n't see anything at all . I called the company and they informed me that if it is past 1.5 years , I am out of luck . They even claimed that they no longer have the monitor part in stock . I am now completely unsatisfied with this product and with Safety 1st in general . They will not stand by their product when it becomes defective and it 's as if the part was programmed to stop working when the warranty is up . Do n't make the same mistake that I did , this is an expensive product and not worth the money if you ca n't hand it down or sell to someone else when you are done with it .
 Do not buy this product or any other Safety 1st monitor for that matter ! I wish I would have looked at the reviews before buying this monitor . I 've had it for over a year and the picture has never been good and just recently the sound has to be turned up all the way to get any sound out of it . When I contacted Safety 1st they offered to sell me the same monitor for -LSB- ... -RSB- with no warranty ! Are you kidding me ! I would n't waste my money on another monitor that would only die on me again !
 We loved this monitor for 7 months . At exactly 7 months of usage the screen went blank . I am very disappointed because we have another Safety 1st video monitor that was purchased in 2000 and it is still working well -LRB- it does experience a lot of interference with the cordless phone and the microwave , however -RRB- . After reading reviews on Amazon and several other web sites it is apparent that this is not an isolated issue . There is a manufacturing or design problem with this model . Please do not spend your money on this model until Safey 1st resolves this issue !
 I am a new dad , went on a shopping trip and went crazy . Bought this item and could not wait for my son to be born to test it out . What did I find : - poor distance ability with video monitoring - monitor can not be more than 50 feet.screen flickers in the night - wife will no longer use itpoor night camera - has to be aproximatley 2 feet from baby.strange sound come through the monitor that ` other ' monitors dont pick up.I am constantley repositioning the camera and monitor and only gotten minor improvments . Not enough to recommend this to any caring parent.VERY DISAPONTED - KEEP LOOKING .
 We purchased this monitor when we had our first son . The monitor has always been fussy . We had to change all of the phones on our second floor to even get marginal reception . We had to walk back and forth from our room to the baby 's room about fifty times to move the monitor to get a decent picture/reception . The `` night vision '' feature is really not good quality - even in a nightlight-lit room , it is difficult to make out whether baby is centered in the crib . The picture on the monitor , after about 6 months , suddenly went black . The sound still worked , and after a couple of days , the monitor picture suddenly reappeared . The unit `` worked '' again for several months before the picture disappeared again . -LRB- Right after warranty expiration , I might add -RRB- The screen is black with a vertical white streak down the center . The customer service department was extremely brusque and not helpful at all . They suggested I buy a new monitor , which would cost as much as the whole system itself . We are now expecting our second and have to buy a new monitor system . We were hoping that this would last for at least two years , but we 're sorely disappointed . We will not be buying this system a second time .
 I used this monitor and thought it worked great . Then a little over a hear the screen died out on me . I could only get sound . For this price it should last longer !
 We rec 'd this as a replacement for the previous monitor made by this company . The previous one had great video quality , but the sound did not work properly . Unluckily , I complained and went through 2 months of waiting for a replacement . The first one we rec 'd did not work at all . We returned it & waited again . This camera 's video quality is so poor that when there is ANY reception at all , I can barely tell whether I am looking at my son 's head or feet . Do not buy this poor quality equipment .
 We really enjoyed this product while it was working . On the first one we bought , the sound on the monitor unit quit working after the 2nd day . So we exchanged it for a second unit , which worked fine for a few days . Then the monitor unit would n't turn on . So we are taking it back to exchange for a different brand . I ca n't believe how poorly this product is made taken into account how basic the technology used in this product , especially considering the price . Never again .
 WE BOUGHT THIS MONITOR FOR THE PURPOSE OF BEING ABLE TO SEE OUR DAUGHTER AND NOT DISTURB HER . WELL THE MONITOR DOES NOT WORK AT NIGHT TIME AND ONLY AFTER 4 MONTHS OF USAGE , UNLESS YOU LEAVE A LIGHT ON THIS IS WORTHLESS ... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS . .
 Used this for a week monitoring my son in the adjoining room.Reception was OK - but the quality of picture was extremely bad . During the day the picture quality was like watching a 1960 's TV - which is OK - it 's only a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- piece of electronics . But in a dark room at night , the picture provided is so poor that you ca n't see anything . While the camera claims to have night vision , it does n't provide anything that comes close.So if you need something that works at night -LRB- which is sort of the whole purpose of a monitor -RRB- then this product wo n't do the trick . I returned this product .
 I bought and loved this monitor -- at first . Then the picture started to get worse and worse until it was unusable at 13 months -LRB- just 1 month past the 12 month warranty ! -RRB- . So I bought another , and the same thing happened , but this one only lasted 9 months ! For $ 150 dollars , you 'd think they could make them to last more than a few months . Save the headache and your money , and buy a reliable unit instead .
 I bought this monitor less than two months ago . The audio monitor has NEVER worked . Since we had another audio monitor , we just used that for another room instead of the broken one that came with this product . JUST TWO MONTHS AFTER WE BOUGHT IT THE MONITOR -LRB- NOT JUST THE NIGHT VISION , THE MONITOR ITSELF ! -RRB- QUIT WORKING ALTOGETHER and wo n't even get a picture anymore . A couple weeks ago the audio on the video monitor starting cutting in and out , and would be out for 30 minutes or more at a time . Now the video monitor has died completely . We bought this monitor because it was the most expensive and we thought it would be better quality , but we were very wrong . I ca n't believe that several other people also stated they had this same problem . Ridiculously crappy product !!
 I loved this monitor , very happy with it until suddenly I oculd n't see my son at night anymore . I did n't know what was wrong , I thought there was a bad reception for some reason because we were on a trip , but as it turns out the night vision is broken . I called Safety 1st and they are giving me a replacement camera free of charge , but it is back ordered for three to six weeks !
 We got this as a shower gift and been using it since our daughter was born -LRB- May -RRB- . We loved the fact that we can see our daughter and not to have run in at every peep . But with each month the picture quality has gotten worse and it seems like its got a life of its own . Its fuzzy , its clear , then it gets staticy . And then it fixes itself ! And no matter how you adjust the knob in the back , it wo n't work . We should have kept the box . : -LRB-
 I bought this monitor in march and I loved it . The picture was a little fuzzy sometimes but nothing unbearable . All of a sudden , the picture wo n't work at all . If it is light outside or the bedroom light is on then I can see my daughter if not it is just black . The additional sound only monitor eats batteries like crazy and now does n't even work at all . For the amount of money I paid for this product , it certainly did n't deliver .
 Called Safety 1st when we realized that the `` night vision LEDs '' were n't lighting up and therefore you ca n't see a thing at night on the video . They said the camera has to be within 6 ft and there has to be enough light around it & the baby . And even more astonishing thing is the fact that those LEDs `` are not supposed to actually light up '' . There is something wrong with this picture ...
 This item was bought off my baby registry in April of 2007 . We did not start using it until August as my son stayed in the room with us until that time . From August to April of 2008 it worked fine . I was leary about getting a safety 1st monitor becuase I had one with my daughter 5 years ago and it just stopped working . But because Dorel was so good about replacing the unit , I decided to go with them again . Well BIG MISTAKE ! The power cord on the tv stopped working . I contacted them SIMPLY to PURCHASE a new cord . They told me that model was discontinued and they only had the adaptor for the audio monitor and the camera . I told them that I wanted the unit replaced . It was not my fault that they were not making it anymore . I mean Amazon is selling it . I found it at walmart as well . How can these companies sell something that is no longer being made ? After 2 weeks of emailing back and forth , they wanted proof of purchase which I no longer had . It not only was a gift but it was a year ago ! They refused to replace this $ 200 video system . I called them and was told what that they could n't do anything becuase there was no proof of when I bought it and the manufacture date was Jan of 2007 ... also a year beyond their alloted time . After requesting to speak to a supervisor , the girl told me she was authorized to sell me the system for $ 50 . I figured that was the best they were going to do so I took it however I am furious over having to pay anything at all when all I wanted was a power cord . It must be a problem with this model since they had no power cords left but had plenty to the other two pieces of this unitI will say that I loved this monitor . It is clear and crisp ... not sound interference . But the customer service dept of Dorel and the fact that this is the second monitor I got burned on by this company , makes it just not worth it
 I returned the Summer Video monitor and bought this one . I have a 1500 square foot home and the video monitor would not work because it was out of range . It was terrible . My house it not that big and I was shocked to find out that the video screen has to be close to the base . I would not recommend this monitor .
 My daughter is almost 19 months old and I have loved this monitor since the day she was born . My cousin had the same monitor a few years ago and her first comment when she saw mine was that it will be good while it lasts . She said the picture became progressively worse over time to the point that she had to replace hers . Sure enough , mine has done the same thing . First I had to continuously rotate the antenna to reduce the amount of `` fuzz '' . Then I had to adjust the knob on the back to keep the picture from `` rolling '' . Last night , there was no rolling or fuzz , but I could n't see my little girl . I 'm assuming the infrared emitters may have gone bad as someone else suggested in another post . I plan to call Safety First to see what they will do , but it 's out of warranty so I do n't have high hopes . I 'll post the response in a future update.It 's ashame that this product lacks durability over time . I picked it because it was one of the most expensive ones available at the time and I assumed -LRB- wrongly -RRB- that it must be one of the best . After reading other posts , I see that I am not alone with my issues .
 Used unit for 1 month , the night vision broke . Had camera replaced . Replaced camera had a crackle in microphone . Had to send back both cameras for a whole new system , was without a monitor for a month ! We opened the box to check out the new system , plugged in the video monitor , guess what , no screen , just a flat line through the middle , I guess the picture tube was busted . Thats ok , we still have the video monitor from the old system . Everything works ok now , but the reception sucks , the monitor is no more than 20 feet away from the camera and we have to use a clothes hanger to get a decent picture . We got this as a baby shower gift . I would never spend my money on this product .
 I received this as a gift from my parents . It was great for about a month and then the picture no longer worked . So now we just use it to listen but sometimes the reception is so bad that it is useless . We would be better off with a less expensive monitor for sound only . I am on the look out for one and I am just going to throw this one out .
 I own the older version of this product for 2-1/2 years and now the video camera went out on it . I called Safety 1st and they said it only has a one year warranty . They no longer make this model and there was nothing they could do for me to fix the problem . -LRB- How about having back up stock for a little while ! -RRB- I find this absolutely horrible for a company to only warranty this type product for one year when obliviously so many others have had similar problems . I will not buy another Safety 1st product . I told customer service if I could help it they will not make another dime off of my family or friends who have children . This could very well happen to you in a year or two !!!!!! BEWARE !!!!
 We bought this monitor because we had a preemie we wanted to closely watch , but since the monitor is not very portable , we opted for this brand which came with a second portable receiver . Our reception has been decent for audio , very mediocre for video . Receiver was about 30ft away and would flicker if you sneezed . All of these we could deal with since we know Safety 1st is n't a high-end electronics company . The part that was a real stinker was the fact the video started rolling uncontrollably . This monitor has a `` video on/off '' switch that was apparently put in to try to preserve the life of the screen but we left our video on every night . We did n't have a receipt or anything to try to make any warranty claims so we just sucked it up and lived with having no more video . Now that little brother was here , and we already had one good camera and audio receiver , we decided to just buy a second set . Hopefully monitor 2 rooms easily . This monitor started rolling after 2 hours . There is a `` V. Hold '' on the back but in both cases it provided little or no help.I 'd rather have a $ 100 version you could hook to a cheap walmart TV , that way when the tv goes out , you can replace it . Instead , with this system , all you can do is replace one cheap video receiver with another one.I 'm returning the second unit and likely going to try one of the monitors by `` Summer '' instead .
 I have had this monitor for 10 months and have to return it twice ! The TV monitor has burned out twice ! The reception has always been good , but the TV only works for a few months before it breaks . Do n't waste your money !
 after using the unit for eight months the night vision broke
 BUYERS BEWARE !!! My husband wanted this monitor the minute he layed his eyes on it . With having 3 other children and a newborn , we wanted to thank the creator of such a product ... until we got it home and actually TRIED to use it . Our bedroom is 2 doors down and we get an awful reception . The screen jumps up and down and 99 % of the time , we see more snow on the screen then we do baby . You practially have to stand right infront of the monitor and hold the antenna in order to see the baby for a qucik second . The handheld monitor makes AWFUL noses . You can not set it anywhere on the counter or even on your belt to go check the mail . Both monitors seems to get interferance from cordless phones , microwaves , computers and even the radio !!!! THIS IS AWFUL and definitely not worth the $ 150.00 . Unfortunatly I had to give it 1 star cause the NO STAR was not an option :o-RRB- BUYERS BEWARE !!!
 I have read a lot of reviews and have to tell you that those that have only been using this monitor for less than 1 year are unaware that is about how long it will last . I was given this monitor at my shower in June 2003 . By January 2004 , the video had stopped working . However , Safety 1st did replace it . I happened to save the box but we needed to send it to them first before they sent the replacement . Then , sometime in November/Deceber 2004 , the video monitor went again . Again , Safety 1st replaced it because it was within the one year warranty . However , since early December 2005 , our video monitor is slowly going and it is only a matter of time before it stops working . I now have a 5 month old and my husband and I are looking for another model since , Safety 1st will now not replace it . I would n't buy it .
 This was a great monitor until it stopped working after only 3 months of use ! The night vision is terrible and the unit would scramble on us if the phone rang or the microwave is on . It was very hard to angle/position of the base and there is no zoom in our out . Oh , the pictures come in black and white . What happen to color ??? I suggest you buy something else
 This is the worse video monitor I have ever come across ! We have the model that has the 2.4 ghz and have had no problems with it to date . The picture is clear and you can see your child even in the dark . We purchased the 900 Mhz model since it replaced the 2.4 ghz when we had our daughters . This model is the biggest piece of junk ! Unfortunately , I threw away the box so I ca n't take it back and get a refund . The only way I can get a clear picture is if I have the monitor in the same room with the little receiver -LRB- what good is that -RRB- . Most of the time the signal is so distorted that I ca n't even listen to sound without the video!Since most models are 900 mhz , I purchased a handheld color 2.4 ghz . video monitor which can also plug into your television for $ 150.00 on Ebay and it works great and it is portable to replace the piece of crap that I have.I just wish I had read some of these reviews before I purchased mine .
 We have had this monitor since my daughter was born . Now she is 19 months and the screen part does n't work , at all . We called the company and would n't you know just out of warranty , so I guess we are stuck with it . My sister-in-law has the same one , and is having the same problems . -LRB- Her son is only 14 months old -RRB-
 I will be returning this product . The Day and Night monitor by Summer Infant works much better . Although the Safety 1st monitor has 900 Mhz technology , we experienced interference from our 2.4 Mhz phone . The interference caused the screen to blink , fuzz up and roll . We had the screen in the kitchen and were also unable to watch the baby on the screen when we ran the microwave and/or washing machine due to interference . Worst of all , the baby 's papasan swing at the detector camera also caused similar interference . The camera does not move up and down for viewing the baby as does the one by Summer Infant . If you are concerned about SIDS , you ca n't see slight breathing motions on the screen anyway . If that is why you are buying this item , do n't . We bought the Angelcare motion detector/sensor for that , and it works great !
 It is almost impossible to see our baby with this monitor . A friend described it best when she said she felt she was looking at an ultrasound image . It is hard to tell where the baby is and we have to play with the antenna a lot to get some reception . However , the sound quality is good and there is no interference . Overall , I would n't recommend this product .
 I gave it 2 stars because this video monitor worked wonderfully for us - when it worked . I have had 5 of these monitors and the longest any of them has lasted is one year . The sound has always stopped working for one reason or another on the monitor . The reason I have had so many is simple
 We purchased this monitor and enjoyed it 's features until the camera stopped working . We exchanged it now the V-hold on the video monitor is completely out of control , rendering the video useless . In 15 months we 've had two product failures . Good features , poor quality .
 I received this monitor as a gift from my baby registry . I was very excited to use it for the first time ... that 's about the only time it worked . The tv screen monitor completely died after just 3 days of use . The small sound monitor continued to work . I notified the company and they sent me a brand new system at no charge . That new monitor worked for one night , then the picture quit working but the sound still works on the tv monitor . We notifed the company and they said they would send a new tv monitor which we have yet to receive . Also , this monitor picks up A LOT of static interference so you ca n't turn up the volume very loud most of the time . I think this monitor is a huge waste of money and I am currently shopping for a new one .
 What was pictured when I bought this dude diaper bag was NOT what came in the mail . I had to return it .
 This is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . To enough room for diapers etc. .
 The colors are great but the quality not so much . I love that the comforter has 2 colors but becuase it wraps around the edge of the mattress it is not reversable . The sheets are NOT soft at all . Even fresh out of the dryer they are a wrinkled mess & very stiff . I was very diappointed because I really love the colors for my little mans room .
 I bought this pad for its larger size . I have n't seen any other brands with 34 '' length -- those extra inches are really nice for a toddler ! However the plastic material tears soooo easily . My last pad -LRB- diff ' t manuf . -RRB- held up for 16 months before developing one small tear . This one developed its first tear in the first week and 3 months later it is riddled with big tears . We 're so careful when changing our LO and do n't wear any rings or bracelets which might snag on the pad , but nonetheless it tears . We now have to buy another smaller one as this one is no longer useable after 3 short months .
 Got this in the mail and the tag attached to this changer pad is DISTURBING.Do not want anything near my newborn with a tag that reads
 And it arrived at my niece 's punctured and distorted . Surely something intended for a baby should be better protected ! As my niece is 8 months pregnant and it 's hot , I told her to toss it , rather than go through the aggro of returning . So I 'm out the full amount .
 The old cruisers were much better . The new improved ones are not `` improved '' at all . I agree with Ferrety4 in the last review . This Grandma got a sample pack of the `` improved '' Cruisers , it was enough to steer me clear!I want to spend time with my Grandson rather than doing laundry because of some silly purple striped diaper leaking ! Take it from a Granny who has 3 sons and 1 Grandson ... Purple is not good for males no matter what their age !!!
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 We have found this to be a dangerous product ! We have been buying cruisers for a while and then about a month and a half ago , we purchased two large economy packs of the number 5 Cruisers and had horrible problems with exploding diapers . The elastic strip along the leg tears away from the diaper and all the silica material falls out of the diaper . This should not be happening ! We change our baby frequently and he is only 24 lbs and the diapers go up to 35 lbs . One time , we came in to his room and the silica was all over his crib and he was putting it in his mouth ! And it 's not a volume problem because it happens during the day when there is not all that much pee in the diaper . We figured we got a bad batch . When we bought a smaller package from CVS , we did not have this problem , but when we went back to buying the economy size at Target , the silica leaking started to happen again . It is also impossible to get those little sticky things of silica off his bottom and legs and they irritate his skin , so we 've had to dunk him in the tub sometimes twice a day to get it off . If he touches it and then rubs his eyes -LRB- before we realize that there has been another leak -RRB- , it irritates them.I called customer service at Pampers and it was a joke . I told the service person what had happened and how upset I was , and he said that there was no way he could guarantee me a call back . What ? I told him that was totally unacceptable and that this was a defective product . Again , he said he 'd make a note of it but that they get so many calls that I very well may not get a call back . He was right . I did n't . I have since spoken with mothers in my same area -LRB- Chicago -RRB- who have had similar problems and thought they were the only ones . They , too , called Pampers customer service line and were totally ignored . One , like me , had found her little girl with a mouth full of the silica that had come out of the diaper while she was playing . I am now sending a letter to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . If you have had similar problems with the elastic seam separating from the diaper so that the silica comes out the side , * please * call Pampers and complain . If they do nothing , contact the product safety commission or e-mail your local product safety TV news reporter to do a story on this . Pampers is totally unresponsive to a very real problem . How many kids have to ingest silica before they address this problem ?
 I 've been using Pampers ' Cruisers for my baby eversince she was borned . The absorbent was great and nice Sesame Street Characters . However , I feel very disappointed due to the product is not consistant . First , they changed the quality of the outside layer of the diaper becomes thinner and look cheap . -LRB- It was used to be thick and soft -RRB- . Second , they changed the liner in MESH TYPE . The absorbent is terrible and my baby had diaper rash because of the rough mesh liner . How rough it is ? The mesh liner is similar as the sport pant 's liner . Also , the new generation of Pampers ' Cruiser becomes thinner and less absorbence . I have no idea why they modified the product becomes so cheap and bad quality . To be honest , it is the reason for me to switch to Huggie 's Supreme . As a consumer , I would like to buy the product because of their quality consistancy . Why would the consumer spent more money on the diaper ? Because they want better quality and outstanding product to have a peace of mind !! Think twice when you are planning to buy the Pampers ' Cruisers now !
 When my son was first born , we tried both Pampers Swaddlers and Huggies size 0 -LRB- whatever they 're called -RRB- , and we settled on Swaddlers . Then , we won a year 's supply of Huggies , so obviously , we used those throughout my son 's first year . Now that supply is gone , and I decided to try Pampers Cruisers for a change.Oh my g-d , I 'm seeing things that I NEVER saw with Huggies - there 's silica crumbs all over the diaper area almost at every diaper change . I have to take him into the sink and wash it out with water at every diaper change . I did n't change the frequency of my diaper changes , it 's the same time interval that I used with HuggiesTrue , they do n't leak , but Huggies never leaked either , so when this pack is finished , I 'll go back to Huggies.I 've never had silica leak out of a Huggie diaper , in my opinion that 's just dangerous and should n't be around a baby 's privates
 Product is good and acceptable . However for the price of the produce it 's not work it.Material used is not suitable for Kids of this age .
 The product from Pampers is great . We bought this online to avoidhassles to rush into local stores.However , the shipping is really disappointing . First , I do n't think theyeven bother to ring the bell at our gate before leaving a notice . After their secondnotice on Fri. , we called them asking about the package and they told uswe could pick up -LRB- ~ 10 miles away -RRB- . On Sat . we called themagain that we wanted them to deliver on Mon instead of picking up ourselves.But nothing happened until Mon. afternoon , we called again and they couldnot locate our request to deliver
 Cruisers were great . No complaints . Now suddenly , the mesh liner is gone , and when my son urinates , it smells like a CHEMICAL PLANT . I 'm not kidding . These are the worst , cheapest things ever . And they did n't even change the packaging . I am so angry -- clearly they just wanted to save a buck , but the smell of these things ? VILE . I have compared the old and `` new '' side by side -- old
 Pampers have pulled a bait and switch ! They have changed this product for the absolute worse with no warning to the consumer !! No more mesh lining ! Which kept the moisture off your babies skin . The inner liner has been basically cut to half its original size ! No longer does the liner go all the way up the back ! Which was important for poops etc. . Also the inner liner does not absorb anywhere near what it did before ! This allows for MANY leakthroughs ! And finally the over all softness of the diaper inside and out has been changed to a stiff papery generic type feel ! BUYER BEWARE !! They still charge premium price for this serious downgrade ! shame on you ! PARENTS UNITE !! AEDANSDAD22908
 Pampers has changed this diaper . I have been buying Pampers for 4 years and have gone through thousands of their diapers . I bought a box on Friday and could tell immediately that they were different . My dd has leaked through 6 of the 10 diapers we used from this box . The mesh liner that used to be in these is no longer there ! We have tried to contact Pampers , but have had no luck yet . We returned the box to the store and are now trying to find a new brand of diapers . I am so disappointed !
 Pampers has taken the best , highest quality diaper on the market & made it one of the worst , cheapest diapers on the market . There are many downgrades to the Cruisers that have me very angry :1 -RRB- They seem to be made of construction paper-they are VERY stiff , cheap & papery -LRB- the old cruisers used to be very soft -RRB- 2 -RRB- No more mesh liner to wick away moisture ! This has proven to cause many diaper rash on many babies -LRB- this is from feedback from other parents I know -RRB- 3 -RRB- 5 inches of paper in the back of the diaper
 I tried these diapers for the first time a week and a half ago , and now my son has the most severe rash that I 've ever seen . He never had any problems with the normal pampers but as soon as I switched hie broke out . I 've been putting cream on him , and that does n't even help . Luckily he is going to the doctors tomorrow . I would n't have even know the cause , had there not been a news story today about this brand causing rashes in lots of babies . I will no longer be using Pampers brand diapers .
 I love these diapers and they were a good deal at $ 7.49 however the price increased to $ 10.49 overnight . Now it is much cheaper to buy them at Target or the grocery store .
 This used to be a good deal for buying Cruisers -LRB- especially with the free shipping over $ 25 -RRB- . But now the price has jumped from $ 7.49 to $ 10.49 overnight . It is much cheaper to buy diapers at a local store .
 Swaddlers by pampers were excellent . However when my 4 month old graduated to size 3 , I ordered cruisers and just half way thru the box she has developed very very bad rashes . I read the reviews on Huggies and found that many other people have had the same experience . Its just two days since I have started using Huggies and the rashes have alreay gone .
 When my son was born three years ago I tried seven brands of diapers , from store brands to name brands and finally stuck with Pampers because they leaked the least and he tended to have less blow-outs with them . I loved the mesh because I felt like it helped protect his bottom . In two and a half years he only got two minor diaper rashes . When my daughter was born I again went with Pampers because I trusted the quality of the brand . When I switched from the swaddlers to the cruisers I bought a huge box and when I opened it I thought I had made a mistake in my purchase as the diaper was completely different from the old cruiser , however the box looked exactly the same . After using the box and buying another to make sure I had not made a mistake , I was disappointed to see that they had changed the diaper without saying so on the box . After about two days of using the new cruiser 's , my daughter got her first diaper rash and it was a bad one . Since then she has had three bad rashes . I truly think it is the new design . Supposedly this new diaper is improved and fantastic , but I think it sucks . The only difference is that it does n't sag as much as the old cruiser . This to me is not worth the diaper rashes . My next box of diapers will be a different brand and I again will have to search to find a diaper that will work well for my daughter without giving her the blistery-red blotchyness . I am so disappointed in the change and will not be buying them again .
 I 've used Pampers since my son was born ... and I 've always liked them better than any other brand . He 's now 3 and although we are working on potty training he still needs to wear a diaper at night . I 've never had any problems until they changed the design and now he wakes up wet every morning . They leak like crazy !!! I will be looking for another brand ASAP !
 I have had a terrible experience with Pamper 's Cruisers . My daughter is 14 months old and has only had one serious rash -LRB- a result of strong antibiotics -RRB- . I had never used pamper 's cruisers until last week . I had a coupon and thought I would give it a try . In less than a week my daughter broke out in the worse rash I had ever seen ! There were open blisters and nothing I tried seemed to provide her any relief . My Aunt happened to see a story on the news about the diapers so I switched back to my generic brand -LRB- Target diapers are great , by the way -RRB- and within 48 hours her rash was almost completely cleared up . I am convinced it was the diapers that caused the reaction .
 I HAVE BOUGHT MANY BOXES OF PAMPERS FOR 42 DOLLARS FROM AMAZON . TO SELL THEM FOR 59 IS HIGHWAY ROBBERY . SHAME ON YOU AMAZON
 I was using only Pampers brand , first Swaddlers and then Cruisers since my daughter was born in 2008 . Several months ago she developed stubborn rash and started leaking . Only after reading reviews today and closely examining a diaper I realized that the design was changed . Now I need to find another diaper brand that will work well , and it 's a headache . I do n't give a damn if this new design is better for the environment , but I do care about my daughter . I 'm very disappointed.An update -LRB- 04/22/2010 -RRB-
 I have used Pampers on my baby since she was a newborn . I do n't know why Pampers changed the cruisers . It used to be soft , have a great cover lining and be very absorbent.Now they are very papery , they took out the lining and it takes minutes for the diaper to absorb the pee . Also , the absorbent material goes only half way up the diaper.So disappointed ! Just bought a 180 ct box ...
 I was fan of pampers till i was using swaddlers.As soon as it was time for cruisers , nops.They claim `` try it overnight '' . I say it ca n't stand it even for a a couple of hrs.I can see tits and bits of cotton or whatever it is on my baby .
 Like many of the previous posters , I have been using Pampers since my son was born almost two years ago . The new ones are terrible . They leak to the point that my son wakes up because he 's soaking wet every night -LRB- necessitating a diaper and pajama change , which completely wakes him up , so it takes a good hour or two before he settles down and goes back to sleep -RRB- . I 'm hugely disappointed , have contacted Pampers Customer Service but no response yet . In the meantime , am also searching for a new diaper .
 Love the product but dont get it on Amazon . The same value pack -LRB- 124 pieces -RRB- costs only $ 29.89 at BJ 's .
 It is very tricky because you would think is the same size of box what Babiesrus sells and sounds like such a good price for it but when you get it delivered you see that is way less quantity then you used to buy your value pack pampers , so my advice for other purchasers is to pay attention to the quantity before you think is a good deal .
 These diapers are the most awfulest things I think I ever bought for my baby . I received a lot of the `` swaddler '' size for my baby shower and I tried to use them for about 3 weeks before my pediatrician pinpointed it as the source of the relentless diaper rash my son had pretty much from birth . Stopped using them and lo and behold , diaper rash gone . Fast forward 3 months later when my son was hospitalized for a week and these were the only diapers the hospital supplied . Figuring that my son was older , maybe they would n't do as much harm . Wrong . The rash came back with a vengeance . I had to get diapers from home for the rest of the stay . I think it 's because they are lightly scented with green dye inside . Definitely stay away if your child has sensitive skin !
 I have n't received the 30 $ coupon for purchasing pampers diaper for more than 99 $ . It has been told May we will receive the coupons . But so far I have n't recived it like other people .
 Wow !! Many of the comments above sound like commercials . For the most part this is a good diaper . Leaks are quite rare and my 10 month old seems very comfortable in it . BUT , we have had about half a dozen diapers leak the silica . 2 of the diapers leaked so badly that we spent nearly an hour cleaning the changing station . Not only that , the silica comes out like a soft gel , and is extremely hard to clean . And of course , our biggest concern has been safety . How safe is that gel if the baby accidentally consumes it ? Judging from what i 've found online on this problem , Pampers does n't seem to care.When this diaper works , it 's great ; when it fails , it fails quite spectacularly !
 I continue to use Pamper 's Cruisers but definitely not happily . That being said I 've tried others and they either are too bulky -LRB- Huggies -RRB- or also soak through . I have a dd that has been out of diapers for over 3 years and back then they were great . Now they soak through . They leak , not from the sides but staight from the middle of the diaper . They can not be worn wet for more than a short time b/c they will soak right through . I recently found a size 5 left over from over 3 years ago and this problem did not occur . I definitely do n't remember having this issue . My dd wore them all the time and even through the night , now I have to use Huggies nighttime or the pajamas and crib sheets would all be wet . Very disappointing but I have n't found anything better .
 Like other reviewers , my son also had a terrible rash after we switched from Swaddlers to Cruisers . Our pediatrician had no idea what it was and prescribed an anti-fungal ointment and a hydrocortisone lotion . After more than a week using both , the rash just continued to get worse . We bought a package of Pampers Baby Dry just to see if a different diaper helped , and the rash cleared up within two days . I did n't really believe that it was the Cruisers diapers causing the rash since the Swaddlers and Baby Dry were fine -LRB- all Pampers brand -RRB- , but when we tried using the Cruisers on him again a few weeks later -LRB- we had a ton left over -RRB- the rash came back after just a day . I did a quick search online and found lots of people have this problem . If you use these diapers , watch carefully for a rash and change to a different line of diapers right away if you see it and save your baby the pain and discomfort !
 We have used Pampers since the day my daughter was born . I am all for spending a little bit more to go for a brand I trust . And who would n't trust Pampers ?! I used Swaddlers and then progressed to Cruisers with the mesh lining and never had a problem with leakage or rashes . In fact I thought it was the best diaper I have ever used . -LRB- I have used another competitor 's diapers once and it always leaked on my daughter -RRB- Then came the day I noticed something was different in the diaper . It just felt different , almost cardboard-like and much thinner . Also the back lining did n't seem to go all the way to the top ! Have I never noticed that ?! Hmm , I did n't have anything to compare it to and diaper changing time is n't the best time to think - speed is crucial !! Afterwards I had a peak at the box it came in and it looked exactly the same as before . A few days later , the same niggling suspicion bugged me , especially after I noticed my daughter seemed to be scratching her back -LRB- where the diaper ends -RRB- a lot more than normal and wondered if something was irritating her skin . I googled it and lo and behold , read about how Pampers has changed the diaper design and took away the mesh lining ! Ohhhh OF COURSE , the mesh lining !!! How could I forget that ?! No wonder it looked different . I then started going through my pile of diapers and the diaper bag and found a couple of spare old diapers and compared them side by side . Now it looks pretty obvious . The mesh lining was gone , the lining stops a few inches before the top of the diaper -LRB- why !? -RRB- , and it does feel thinner . Without the mesh lining , the new diaper felt ` scratchy ' - that is the best way I can describe it . It just looked cheaper and less lush , less padded , and felt more uncomfortable to the touch.Although my daughter had not experienced a rash -LRB- or burn as some moms described their experience -RRB- , which may be because we always put cream on her during a diaper change , we were n't planning on waiting around to find out . Plus I was furious that they deceived us by changing what is in the box of diapers we have grown to love , without any indication whatsoever ! We started educating ourselves about chemicals in diapers and then decided to swap to another brand which does not use bleach in their diapers . We are happier to know that we are putting her in something hopefully safe.Why did Pampers have to change the design of something which was perfect ? Why did they NOT inform the consumers of the change if it was as good as they claim it to be ? Sneaking their best diaper technology YET into old boxes does n't seem like a good marketing strategy , if any . It will take them a long time to earn back the trust of many moms . I know for sure they have lost my business.Please note that most reviews pre-2010 are 5 stars , and rightly so ! However the sheer number of bad reviews dated 2010 is evidence that parents are not happy with the new diapers . Please be cautious and choose what is best for your baby .
 I got some of the old style Pampers diapers without drymax at my shower along with every other brand of diaper . I loved the swaddlers , baby dry and cruisers so I decided to stick with Pampers when I finally needed to buy diapers . I bought the size 3 Cruisers with Drymax and they are actually pretty terrible . There is no leak guard in the rear so i 'm thinking that 's why every time my little boy goes # 2 it comes right out of the back of the diaper ! Needless to say i 'm very disappointed with the new Cruisers . The only thing good about them is they do hold a lot of pee , which is all my baby does through the night , so i 'll keep using them for nighttime only . I 've had absolutely no leaks as far as pee goes .
 They changed the design of the Cruisers diapers . We used to buy Pampers Baby-Dry diapers for day use and Cruisers for night use . The Baby-Dry diapers could n't hold in the wetness all night long but worked great for day use and were cheaper than the Cruisers . Now the new Cruisers can no longer hold in the wetness all night either . We no longer see the advantage of buying the Cruisers over the Baby-Dry diapers . We have n't experienced the diaper rash issue that others have . We 'll continue to buy the Baby-Dry diapers for now , but we wo n't buy the Cruisers anymore . I do n't know why companies feel the need to mess with a great product . I 'm sure it was another bad marketing department decision . They always have to change things to make themselves appear useful ...
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 I have always love the pampers cruisers , because they did keep my baby dry and they did n't leak ... not any more Pampers have now taken out the wonderful mesh liner that is still on the picture , and now I ca n't stand them . We live in the high desert and so my daughter drinks more than if we lived anywhere else in the country . Now I have n't had one diaper , no matter how long it is on , that has n't leaked . I am so disappointed . Do n't waste your money , because if you do n't like the baby dry , that is what your paying the higher price for now . I wish I could have given them no stars , used to be 5 .
 I emailed Pampers MONTHS ago and never even received a response . We have been devoted Pampers customers from the beginning -LRB- my son is 21/2 -RRB- and I was horrified to see that there was some `` adhesive '' on the baby side of the diaper . It irritated his skin and in that same huge box , several -LRB- a dozen or more -RRB- diapers had the same problem.I am so disappointed , particularly with no response from their customer service .
 Amazon sucks , I did not get the product at all . Initially they told it will be shipped on 31st July then it postponed to 14th August 07 , I waited for almost until 22nd August 07 and nothing has happened . I had to buy Pampers from local store twice within this period . Finally I called up amazon and cancelled my order . I would not advice to go for this option at all , you would never get your order , it sucks waiting for the shipment and have to call to know the status . The online status still shows the estimated arrival date on 14th August 07 .
 I have ordered these diapers from amazon before with no problems . I have waited over a month for my most recent order . Needless to say , 24hours is optimistic .
 Enough single-use garbage diapers are used in the U.S. each year to reach to the moon and back . Think about where they come from and where they go . What kind of world do you want your kids to live in?Cloth diapers are not difficult , and regardless of the propoganda of the garbage diaper companies , they have no where near the negative environmental impact .
 These are $ 34.99 at Publix grocery store . Plus , you can use coupons at the store . I did n't find anywhere to use them on Amazon .
 I tried this for my daughter when she started crawling , but it leaves residue -LRB- white diaper gel -RRB-
 I have used Pampers Swaddlers on my baby girl for 16 months with no problems at all . Then , I finally switched to Cruisers -LRB- she 's still small , less than 20 pounds , but is walking so I thought it was time to switch when I ran out of Swaddlers -RRB- . Well , my first problem with the Cruisers is how cheaply they are made ! The `` sticky '' closure tabs are a disaster . In the first package , I must have had at least 5 or 6 that were either missing one or both tabs , or one of the tabs was `` sewn '' down to the diaper and unusable . So frustrating ! I hate throwing away an unworn diaper ! Waste of money and just a waste of a diaper.My daughter also got her very first diaper rash of her entire life within about a week of starting to use the Cruisers . Never had a single problem with any kind of irritation when she was wearing Swaddlers , but now she seems to get them frequently and they are so bad that they make her squirm and writhe and scream in pain , not only when I 'm changing her diaper but any time that she is sitting down while wearing even a slightly dirty/wet Cruisers diaper . I have 3 bags of these left -LRB- luckily I did n't buy a 6-month supply ! -RRB- and I think I will throw them out . It was n't until I read other negative reviews about diaper rashes that I put 2 + 2 together that this must be the cause of my daughter 's horrible rashes . Going to Cruisers is the only change I 've made with her and suddenly she is breaking out in open-sored rashes every week . If I can prevent this agony for her , then it 's good-bye Cruisers !!
 Do n't look at the old reviews of these diapers . Just look at the ones from the past few months and you 'll see what the new trend is . I would ignore any 5 star reviews as they probably work for Pampers . There 's not a conspiracy against Pampers ... Pampers changed their diapers . They had great reviews until they changed them .
 Love the diapers ... used to pay $ 7.49 ... with 2 kids in diapers ... forget $ 70/month at amazon . At $ 10.49 a pack , my money goes back to Costco .
 We were given these dipes as gifts from our friends for our twin boys . We had always used huggies with our first , but they were free so we tried them . They left a HORRIBLE rash on my red-headed son 's bottom . We were going through SO many diapers a day -LRB- 24 or more , let the environmentalists cringe -RRB- so it was NOT a matter of poor changing habits . It was not the breast milk . I know for a fact the diapers caused this rash because the rash was checkerboard looking like the mesh liner . It was insane ! We spent over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- in OTC rash creams and eventually had to get two prescriptions from the doctor to clear it up because once the skin is broken it becomes much harder to heal since the area is constantly being aggravated with nitrogenous waste . We now will use huggies supreme OR pampers baby dry ... no problems with those . My friend 's red-headed daughter had the exact same thing happen , so I 'm thinking parents of kids with sensitive skin might want to think twice about buying a huge pack of these .
 Once my daughter started to walk I knew I had to change to a diaper that had a better fit since she was moving more . I decided to try the cruisers . They had a perfect fit , did n't leak and were a reasonable price . I never had a problem with them until recently . I noticed they put a new mesh lining . I thought , okay they are trying to make the product better , why not . Then I started to notice how the mesh lining would stick to my daughters behind . She has been constently pulling the back of her diaper . I tried to stick with it and keep using the cruiser but this week I noticed another difference . There are new tiny beads inside the diaper lining . I noticed that the beads were bunching up in certain areas and when barely wet it looks like she is wearing a heavy soiled diaper . Barely wet or not the mesh has also been leaving an impression all over . The mesh does nothing but stays wet !!! If it did the absorbing it would n't leave an impression on her . This diaper used to be the best but the new changes are bad , I wish that pampers would go back to the way it was ! Now I have to go through the hassle of finding a better diaper .
 I have been using pampers for almost 2 years . I have two babies both under 2 years old . DO N'T trust the promotion of all these business . SPAM !!!! It always break and the inside stuff are all over the place . TRY to use other store brand diaper . MUCH CHEAPER !!! NO DIFFERENT !!! even better at least does n't break !!!
 I have been a loyal cutomer to pampers for the past 20 months and have almost always bought my pampers swaddlers and cruisers from here at Amazon because they always had the best deal in town . I have stuck with Amazon even though their prices slowly crept up from $ 26.99 a box to now $ 33.49 a box and without coupons . I did so because I was so appreciative of their free shipping offer to here in Hawaii which saved me the trek across the island to the only toysrus here in Hawaii . Thus , I was so excited to see on December 1st , 2005 that you had a pampers promotion going on . I immediately attempted to buy 4 cases until I realized that you no longer ship to Hawaii . I ca n't even pay Amazon to ship their pampers to me because they no longer ship outside of the continental United States ! Amazon , you guys were among the first to recognize Hawaii as part of the U.S. and offer shipping prices or free shipping that was the same as the rest of the continental U.S. . You held back , unlike many other companies , and did n't charge ridiculous prices to mail items to Hawaii . Please reconsider shipping to Hawaii again .
 So I received the new `` dry max '' diapers and yes , like the other reviewers are saying they have the look and feel of your average , cheap generic brand diaper with the old pampers price . Not exactly a soft and comfortable diaper like the old pampers . It 's a bummer to have to look for a new brand of something I have n't given a second thought about for the last 8 months . Many are asking `` why would pampers do this ? '' Here are my thoughts on the issue . As you may have noticed , there has been a major global economic downturn . Proctor & Gamble -LRB- makers of Pampers -RRB- has traditionally sold high-end products at a premium price -LRB- think Tide , crest , Pantene , Duracell , etc -RRB- . The economy has forced many people to switch to cheaper brands , leaving P&G with billions in losses and over 3 % decline in revenue in 2009 . Bob McDonald , the new CEO of P&G , came in with guns blazing with a plan to increase profits -LRB- see USAToday 's article `` Proctor & Gamble Looks Beyond U.S. Borders '' -RRB- . In the case of Pampers , he was left with a choice to increase profits
 I just wanted to let people know that these diapers , while they fit my son very well , caused a horrible diaper rash that would not go away until we switched diaper brands completely.My little boy has not had any other reactions or rashes , so I do n't think it 's just sensitive skin , but once we had to go to cruisers from swaddlers , he started having a mild diaper rash . After a week , we took him to the Doctor , and they told us to try one prescription ... it got better for a while , then came back horribly . . we tried changing him many times a day because we thought it was just because we were n't changing him enough , and I think that actually made it worse . . little red raw rash blisters all over his bottom . We tried switching formulas and foods too , in the meantime ... but back to the Dr , more prescriptions now . This time they do n't help much at all , and then he started having allergic reactions elsewhere , on his back and his eye got puffy , so we rushed him back the doctor because we thought he was really sick , and one of the nurses suggested we switch diapers when she saw the cruisers ... so we ran by walmart and got a few packs of cheap diapers to try , and viola ! Diaper rash is almost completely gone after one day in white cloud diapers . We tried a couple more off brands and no irritation ... then just to check we used one of the cruisers we had left , and Bam . One diaper , new rash bumps . We threw the rest out.I know that some people do n't have any trouble with these , but please be aware that if your child has a persistent rash , it could be these diapers . It 's something to keep in mind .
 My daughter had serious diaper rash when wearing these diapers . I thought I have gotten the old version . Then it turns out the new Dry Max in the old box . What a sneaky way to cheat the customers ! Do n't they think we can tell ?!
 The only reason these diapers received even one star from me is because I did n't have a choice of zero stars . I used to be devoted to Pampers diapers ... they were by far the best diaper on the market . I used the new DryMax Cruisers for only 2 days because my son came out in a horrible red rash , which only got better once I stopped using these diapers -LRB- I switched to Huggies # . There is a Facebook group called ` Pampers Bring Back the Old Cruisers/Swaddlers ' if anyone is interested in checking it out ... over 2750 members , many of whom are alleging that the new Pampers have caused their babies to suffer rashes/chemical burns . Link is below :[ ... -RSB- WHY HAVE PAMPERS NOT ISSUED A RECALL YET , DESPITE THOUSANDS OF PARENTS NOW ALLEGING THAT THE DIAPER IS CAUSING RASHES & CHEMICAL BURNS TO THEIR BABIES ?????? I 'm so disgusted with Pampers treatment of its -LRB- once loyal -RRB- customers that I 'm not sure I 'd go back to them even if they brought back the old Swaddlers/Cruisers now ... what an arrogant and out of touch management team they have at Pampers ...
 These diapers are supposed to be for moving babies and in that respect they are pretty good . However , they do not withstand much liquid in them before they start filtering through .
 After my 1yo constantly getting red marks on her hips , we switched to Huggies ! Not even Pampers cruisers have enough stretch to them to accomodate for chubby thighs :-RRB- I guess if you have a petite one , you 'll love these , but for those who have chubby bubs like me , you wo n't be so happy with these !
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 I did n't find that these are worth the extra money that you pay . After wearing these for 2 days , my daughter developed a pretty nasty diaper rash . After about a week and a half of not clearing up , I decided to put her back in some Huggies . Her rash cleared up within 2 more days . That is not why I am giving them such low marks though . EVERY morning , my daughter would be drenched from the Cruisers leaking ! We did n't and still do n't have that problem with the Huggies . I will save myself grief and money and stick with the good old Huggies .
 Pay careful attention to the number of diappers included in this value box ! It is smaller than the normal box you usually get from other stores or from amazon , thus the price is not really cheap.I purchased the No 3 Cruisers value box from amazon twice , one box came with 160 diapers , and one came with 116 diapers
 Today is the 2nd day we have been using this diaper but we already washed the crib sheet twice . It leaks a lot ! What makes it worse is it irritates my kid 's skin . Everytime after I put it on , she starts to scream and cry . We just ordered 2 boxes from Amazon . Now we have to go buy some other diapers .
 I have always ordered diapers from Amazon ... The past 2 times , the diapers have been old and sticking together -LRB- apparently from heat -RRB- ... Upset at the lack of quality these days !
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this ! The Diapers are the best out there .
 I was disappointed in these diapers . Pampers Cruisers are still the only diaper I will ever buy , but will make sure they are not the ones like these with the mesh liner . They are thinner , smaller , and less absorbent . These are a cheap imitation of the original Pampers Cruisers .
 Great product , ok price , but the delivery is unreliable . We had some fast deliveries before , but it 's getting worse lately . Our last order has not been shipped after more than two weeks , and the estimated shipping date is in another week . If you need the diapers within a month , think about buying them somewhere else .
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this !
 Internal surface greed , for keep cotton absorber on place , do not hold cotton fibers propertly , a lot of it sleep on my doghter skin after usage of this dipers . Can be used with limitation . Absorbtion abilities is outstanding .
 the cost of these diapers are way more than you would pay at any local retailer or national chain ... then to use a coupon on top of that ... wow what a difference . Save your money and shipping costs and go to Target . Do price per diaper comparisons and you would be surprised how much diapers cost and how to save money !!
 We 've used Pampers brand since our 17 month old was born , and really loved the Crusiers . However , they 're `` trying out '' a mesh liner . It 's horrible and we 've had really bad diaper rash . The ONLY thing that changed in our baby 's world was the diapers ... . same foods , same wipes , same diaper cream , same people changing her , same diaper brand and size but a totally different lineI called Pampers to complain , and they said it 's just something that they were trying and that they 'd send me coupons . There 's no labeling on the box that it 's a design change -- and it 's a mega box so there are 140 diapers that I 'll never go near and ca n't even imagine giving away to some unsuspecting family . And what good are coupons if I ca n't avoid the problem diapers?How could P&G ; even think that it was a good idea to go mass-market with this design ? Try rubbing the mesh against your upper lip , and you can imagine what it feels like on a soft baby 's bottom . My husband compared the design to the dishcloth scrubby side.Needless to say I am really really angry with P&G ; and I do n't know if I 'll ever buy Cruisers again . A `` temporary '' unmarked design change for a part of the diaper that goes against the most sensitive skin is really really stupid .
 I wrote the following review in December 2009 on a smaller box of size 4 : I bought a box back in October 2009 and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G ; that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G ; have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G ; and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work?Update : Still not having real problems with leakage of pee , but again , my son is small and not a heavy wetter . But poop ! That is the problem ! As I suspected would happen - without the mesh liner and without the absorbent layer on the backside my son now has a rash on the front side and on his genitals , and around the legs due to a few loose bowel movements having nowhere else to go but to the front and out the sides . With the mesh liner the poop would have been siphoned into the diaper - and now that 's impossible - it just gets squished around all over the inside of the diaper and out the sides . Wish the little bugger would n't hide from me when he poops . Customer Relations told me that the diaper was not designed to absorb poop - I guess the geniuses at P&G ; did n't realize they had a product that actually helped in that area - the OLD CRUISER - and they 've gone and f 'd it up .
 These new diapers are HORRIBLE . They are leaky , thin , and absolutely cheap ! They do NOT absorb as well ! There is no absorbent liner in the back of the diaper for poops anymore !! When you compare the two side by side the difference is unbelievable ! A lot less soft , thin and papery and cheap feeling ! No mesh and only half a liner !!! I have heard all the excuses from Pampers as to `` Just go up a size '' or this is `` New technology '' or `` your problems are unexpected and rare '' It is absolute bull . Go to facebook group `` Pampers Bring Back The Old Cruisers '' and you will find all the information you could need about this serious downgrade ! They have pictures and a lot of information . This was the hottest topic on Pampers website but they have conveniently gotten rid of links to the hottest forum on their main page . You can still find the forum listed under Pampers Village Forums \ Pampers Website \ Feedback Discussions \ Pampers Low Blow . A total shame and now a poor excuse for a premium diaper .
 I loved the old Pampers Cruisers , but the new `` Dry Max '' ones are awful . I 've had leaks , which I 've reported to Customer Service . They acted as if they were unaware of how many unhappy consumers there were , despite complaints all over the internet . When my baby wore these overnight , the dye ... or something else from the diaper ... stained the inside of her light-colored sleeping pants . Also , her diaper area looks irritated , which is not usual for her . After hearing about the CPSA investigation into this diaper , I am switching immediately to a different brand . I 'm really disappointed with Pampers , and in Proctor & Gamble for their lack of attentiveness to customer complaints .
 BUYERS BEWARE !!!! Do not pay attention to all the positive ratings prior to December 2009 . The product is not the same.I have been a pamper customer since the day my baby was born . The old swaddlers and cruisers were great , with the mesh lining . However , pampers switched the product without changing the packaging , duping its customers to pay the same premium $ $ for an inferior product . The new cruisers are horrible and prone to leaking as the new lining does n't hold the same amount of pee overnight . Gone is the mesh lining that used to wick away the moisture from baby 's skin . Seems like these new cruisers are the old Pampers Baby Dry.I guess now I will have to search for another brand , since I am so disappointed with Pampers .
 We were disappointed to see that Pampers changed their diapers without notifying consumers . The biggest complaint we have was the removal of the mesh liner - which was the whole reason we were loyal to buying Pampers Cruisers . These diapers give our daughter a horrible rash now every time she wears one . We have since switched to cloth and will not buy any Pampers product again unless they bring back the old liner . There is also NO absorbent layer on the entire back panel of the diaper ! If DD is laying on her back , it all just comes right out the back side ! They are an inferior product now , but still charging premium prices . I 'd rather buy a store brand at this point , if I were n't totally giving up on disposables altogether ! Very upset about this change . We used to love them , and have been buying them since DD was born - but no more .
 Our daughter graduated from the Swaddlers to the Cruisers . We bought 2 boxes , because we figured she 'll need a lot of diapers . We liked the fit and they did n't leak BUT they left little cotton pieces all over.She started to get mild irritation on her bottom.We contacted Pampers and they sent a coupon for replacement diapers . There was no correspondence from them , just a coupon . We assumed that pack was just defective.We bought another box . It still left cotton . We returned it and bought another . Finally a package that did n't leave cotton pieces ! Yet her irritation changed to a rash covering her whole bottom , her lower abdomen and lower back -LRB- everywhere the diaper touched ... but not in the creases ... -RRB- . We stopped using her wipes , thinking we were wiping off the bits of cotton too hard . Then in a few days her rash had developed further.We thought maybe it was allergies , so I stopped introducing new foods . It persisted , then we thought it was diaper rash due to moisture ; therefore we changed her every hour . We lathered her in diaper rash medications , trying 4 different ones -- none of which worked . We gave her Aveeno baths and the rash would become milder , but would come back just as bad in a few hours . Then a doctor told us it was it was fungal . . yea gross ! Therefore we treated it by applying a topical cream twice a day for weeks . This helped reduce the irritation by half , at least , but it still persisted .3 months we thought of everything , we tried everything for a few days to see if it would go away but nothing seemed to cure it !! Finally , I said that I did n't want to use the diapers at all for a week . We switched to Huggies . Like magic -- I kid you not -- in 2 days the rash was almost completely gone . Today , 4 days later , there was no sign of any irritation at all !! Searching online , I have found other cases of parents having the same problem :-LRB- We are contacting Pampers to see what might be causing this , because she does n't have allergies nor does she have sensitive skin.For those of you that it does n't cause a rash , you are lucky . For others , if you are seeing a rash , I 'd try another brand : -LRB-
 Let me begin by telling you all I have always loved the pampers brand diapers . Since my son was born , i used swaddles and then went onto cruisers . He is 20 months old and I have never had any problems . This last box i ordered has the worst quality of diapers . I think they are just packaging their `` newer '' version in these . These are so thin and i have had leaks since the day my son is using them . I am soooo disappointed.I was just hoping its my box and they are not using this tactic on every box but several of my friends told me about the same issue.I dont mind paying a few cents per diaper more for good quality but this is just ridiculous . I then went out and bought huggies movers and I think once this box finishes , I am just going to convert to huggies .
 I have always used Pampers and LOVED them until two weeks ago . WHAT HAPPENED ? Pampers Cruisers used to be white and have a mesh liner . They were by far the best disposable diaper out there and my daughter never got diaper rash , leaks , or blowouts.Now the diapers have a bluish/purplish tint , have a very strong chemical odor that any sane person would n't get near a baby , and they leak like a generic brand . The worst part is the diaper rash ; my daughter has never been prone to even minor diaper rash and within two changes she was bright red and blistering everywhere the absorbent area was touching her , and she was screaming and squirming when I tried to put another diaper on her . I have tried buying several packages , with the `` Dry Max '' logo and without , and it seems to only be the bluish/purplish tinted diapers that smell strongly of chemicals that cause the bad reaction . This is not specific to my daughter as other reviewers have reported the same reaction.Pampers obviously did not bother to test these before putting them out to the public , and I do n't appreciate my baby being used as a guinea pig for some new toxic absorbency chemical . I am writing this review in the hope that Pampers will listen and change back to their previous and far superior design . Otherwise , I am on the hunt for a new brand of diapers .
 Yes we found out , too , when the new box was delivered . I noticed right away it was so thin and the mesh lining was nowhere to be found . Sigh ... I went to Pampers website and they do n't mention anything . I guess they did n't want to advertise they cut cost . The exterior of box looks the same , too , except the product is no longer the same quality . On Amazon product description diagram , they show the old design with mesh liner , which is no longer there . Pampers cruiser now looks like their cheaper Baby Dry model . We 've been using pampers since my daughter was a newborn , when I tried so many diapers and decided on cruisers . But now we will have to change to something else ! It 's not Amazon 's fault but we will be stopping our diaper subscribe & save , too . Arg ... . So annoying !
 I bought a new box a cruisers and notice right away there was no mesh liner anymore . I have a 9 month old and has always used pampers . I used to love the cruisers but now the new diapers are not as soft and they leak . I suppose Pampers found a way to cut costs .
 ridiculous quality change in cruisers . I loved pampers swaddlers and cruisers , i used them for my son , they were the best and worth the extra money , NOT ANYMORE ! I will never buy them again . we are on a tight budget but i would pay extra for cruisers , not anymore , they leak , they do n't have the mesh lining , they give my boy very bad rashes , it 's horrible ! this is how they treat us loyal customers , swapping quality for trash and charging the same . despicable . save your money until they hear us customers and change back to the quality we 've come to expect and were willing to pay for .
 We started ordering pampers from Amazon a few months ago , when Pampers were $ 7.49 a pack . Why all the sudden the $ 3.00 price increase ? That is a huge and unfair rate increase , and makes ordering online no longer a savings . I can get a better price at Meijer -LRB- $ 9.49 -RRB- , and that 's BEFORE I use coupons . It 's disappointing that this product will no longer be offered at a good price . No incentive to come to Amazon and shop anymore . What a shame . Hopefully enough people who express concern can help make a change . I 'll be glad to come back to Amazon when the great price comes back .
 I bought my diapers here for months and months ! I ca n't believe you 've raised prices this high !! Absolutely ridiculous !! I 'll go back to Walmart where I can use coupons ! Thanks , anyway !
 $ 7.49 to $ 10 + is ridiculous . I 'll go back to buying diapers at Walmart and other grocery stores . You 'll lose a LOT of sales with this , Amazon !
 I use to buy my pampers here on amazon , but since they have raised the price to over $ 3 per package in the last month , I will be getting mine from Wal-Mart , shame on Amazon for rising the price . At least they are cheaper at Wal-Mart and I can use my manufacturer coupon at Wal-Mart . Perhaps if Amazon would lower the price again , I would shop from Amazon again ... SHAME ON AMAZON !!! LOWER THE PRICE !!!
 Like the other reviewers , I have bought diapers from Amazon for months . Now , I will be going to local grocery and discount tore for them instead . A $ 3 price increase in less than a month is CRAZY to say the least . I hope that everyone shows Amazon and does n't buy these diapers from them at such a crazy inflated price !
 Normally the diapers are great . However , over the past year and from multiple stores - including 4 boxes we just bought on Amazon - we have had issues with the Economy Pack -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- . At least half , if not more , of the diapers are defective and my children wake up in the morning with the little absorbing beads all loose , the diaper split open , and a big giant mess . Not to mention a real pain to clean up . We still use these Cruisers , but we buy them in the smaller packs , not this Economy Pack .
 I love pampers cruisers and swaddlers . Cloth like , very little leakage , no leaking blue gels , and no stuck together gatherings . Unfortunately , I found out that my second child all the sudden became allergic to Pampers ; I think it 's the new ones with dry weave liners . He started to have red bumps on his bottom everywhere not characteristic of diaper rash -LRB- back , crotch , scrotum -RRB- and will not go away with diaper rash cream , topical antibiotics nor antifungals . I 'm a pediatrician so I was really puzzled . I finally switched him to Huggies and used steroid cream and they went away . I even called Pampers and they told me that the diapers are still the same . ? @ $ # $ I found out that this is not uncommon with Pampers . So moms beware . If your baby comes down with just red bumps everywhere and will not get better with diaper rash crea or antifungals -LRB- nystatin , clotrimazole -RRB- , it might be an allergic reaction .
 quality is much worse than DRY BABY , but much more expensive than that . I think it 's because of manufacture wants reduce costs . The photo of the products not match wtat thay send to you , not BABY EASY GRIPs , BUT `` COMFORT AND FLEXIBLE '' , taht you can find in any BABY RUS sores with price of 40.99 , they give you $ 15 gift card , if you buy two . Anyway , I do n't recommend you to buy thenm in BABYRUS eather , because the poor quality . They do n't absorb much . Also , it is not returnable after you buy it online here .
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 The new Cruisers leak all the time . I will be switching brands after using Pampers for almost 2 years .
 I bought a box back in October and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work ?
 I used to be a dedicated Pampers consumer since my baby was born . This last round of pampers diapers were poorly contructedWhen the baby wears them you can see from outside of the diapers that the padding ends much lower than in prevous versions of this diaper . There used to be a mesh on the inside to keep moisture away and that is now gone.My baby is on the low end of the weight requirement for this diaper and they still leak.I have since switched from Pampers .
 Like the other mom reviewer , I always used cruisers . The latest box did not indicate that Proctor and Gamble had altered the product . The new ones with mesh liner are not as aborbent . My son leaked nightly and soaked his clothes and his sheets . This did not happen when we used the original version of Pamper cruisers .
 Half of the diapers burst open spilling the diaper pellets EVERYWHERE . Amazon credited me $ 10 . Not much comfort considering I spent $ 60 on the boxes of diapers . They told me that they were aware of the problem . I would have ordered a different diaper if I knew about the problem ahead of time .
 I had Huggies for my daughter since she was born and I was very pleased but a friend recommended Cruiser 's so I decided to try . The first difference I noticed was the gel , it was like `` fluffier '' so with a little liquid the gel got bulky . The second was that her skin felt wet all the time . So with this 2 issues price/quantity convenience just vanished because I had to change much more often -LRB- like 10 to 12 times a day -RRB- . The worst was that after the first week of use she had a very bad diaper rash . Since we changed diapers brand and formula at the same time we did n't know for sure what was the cause , and the pediatrician told me that changes in food could cause poop and urine PH change . So I started changing diapers even more frequently and using tons of baby ointment and she got better . The next week the rash appeared again , and again i used a lot of ointment in every change but nothing happened . I changed ointment and rash was getting so bad she cryied on every bowel movement and screamed on every pee , and one day the sores even started to bled . Finally I decided it was too much and went back to huggies , she started to heal an the rash dissappeared within a week .
 i have always used pampers . i was even currently using pampers cruisers . when i received this box of diapers , all was normal . Until my daughter peed in the diaper . After she peed , it smelled like poop and left her raw . EVERY diaper i put on her out of that box did this to her . i have NEVER had any problems with pampers before . something is terribly wrong with that batch of diapers .
 Initially I was excited to find the `` jumbo '' box of pampers available online - I live in Manhattan and ca n't easily make it to a Costco/Sam 's / BJs/Price Club . However , the price on this item is n't as good of a deal as when they first started offering it . In fact , I get a bettter price `` per diaper '' using our local online grocer . Do the math before you buy !
 My son is 13 months old and I bought a pack of these because I had a coupon . Bad Idea ! My son usually wears Luvs . I 've never had a problem with Luvs . The first night i let my son sleep in Pampers there was pee everywhere . I will Never buy them again . Luvs for life !
 If your planning on buying Pampers Cruisers , or any other diaper , from Amazon ... DO N'T !! By the time they ship it , your baby will have grown into the next size diaper . Ordered Pampers on April 1st . As of April 22 , they had n't even shipped them yet . Makes you wonder if maybe this free shipping idea is a loss leader ?? Do n't waste your time with free shipping . Furthermore , do n't waste your time with paying shipping either . I 'll bet you anything your paying too much for the item + shipping anyway !!
 Who designed the shape of Pamper diapers ? I feel it is the worst shape for a diaper . Its tab is far blow waist position , which induces my son leaking poos from back and leaking pees from sides . To avoid leaking , I have to tightly package him , which induce red inprint on his legs . I bought Huggies diapers and Especially for Baby diapers for my son . He seems comfortable in them . Most important , no leaking happens any more ! My son weight only 15 lbs .
 Even on sale at Amazon , this is not one of the better prices I 've found on these diapers . Even at regular price , they are $ 9 - $ 10 at Wal-Mart and with a coupon , you can purchase them for $ 7 - $ 9 depending on the coupon . The diapers are great , the prices are not .
 I love Pampers Cruisers and ordered some a few weeks ago when the price was low . I STILL have n't recieved the diapers ! It 's taking forever ! I checked back and I ca n't believe the price increase . I wo n't be buying these here anymore ... WalMart it is !
 I am very disappointed with this product . The color is good and the sheet feels nice , but it does n't stay tight on the mattress , and it gets those annoying little balls on it with washing -LRB- or rubbing -RRB- . I do n't use it any more as I do n't think it 's safe for my baby .
 I am very dissapointed with this product , I would never buy something like this again , the feel of the sheet is absolutely not good or soft for the skin 's baby . It 's supposed to be 100 % cotton but it really does n't look like.I tried to washed with a very delicate soap but the result is the same . It is so rough to the touch . I do n't plan to use it for my baby . Have n't even tried .
 I was very unhappy with the fact that the dots on these sheets are `` painted '' on . The paint is a rubbery , yucky feeling paint that I would not put my baby 's skin against . It would have been nice to know from the product description that the design was not woven into the fabric . I would n't have bought it in the first place . It 's too bad , the sheet itself is a nice color and would have looked great in the nursery .
 The sheet seems to be made well though it fits a loosely . Despite being made of cotton and having a 220 thread count , it feels quite rough . The only cotton crib sheets I 've found so far that feel smoother are Laura Ashley.I ordered blue and in the picture it has a woven or printed dot pattern . That 's not what I received . I received solid blue .
 After multiple valiant attempts over four months , my son never took to this product at all . He was so preoccupied with trying to figure out the handles , he never would focus on trying to drink . May work for some , but if you have a very smart , inquisitive child who is early explorative stage , do n't bother . My son picked up at six months the other children had a different cup and refused this one , which is why I decided to give Nuby a try . Nuby is a far superior product and a great deal cheaper.Nuby No-spill Sippy Gripper Cup 10 Oz . - Colors May Vary
 These look better on line and in the photos ... very cheap looking after we received them ... returned these items ... we bought the complete set with everything and returned everything ... will not buy from them again ... also returned baby bed and baby changer ... cheap looking ... I give this a no star rating ...
 I am very dissapointed with this product , I would never buy something like this again , the feel of the sheet is absolutely not good or soft for the skin 's baby . It 's supposed to be 100 % cotton but it really does n't look like.I tried to washed with a very delicate soap but the result is the same . It is so rough to the touch . I do n't plan to use it for my baby . Have n't even tried .
 I was very unhappy with the fact that the dots on these sheets are `` painted '' on . The paint is a rubbery , yucky feeling paint that I would not put my baby 's skin against . It would have been nice to know from the product description that the design was not woven into the fabric . I would n't have bought it in the first place . It 's too bad , the sheet itself is a nice color and would have looked great in the nursery .
 The sheet seems to be made well though it fits a loosely . Despite being made of cotton and having a 220 thread count , it feels quite rough . The only cotton crib sheets I 've found so far that feel smoother are Laura Ashley.I ordered blue and in the picture it has a woven or printed dot pattern . That 's not what I received . I received solid blue .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The color is good and the sheet feels nice , but it does n't stay tight on the mattress , and it gets those annoying little balls on it with washing -LRB- or rubbing -RRB- . I do n't use it any more as I do n't think it 's safe for my baby .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The color is good and the sheet feels nice , but it does n't stay tight on the mattress , and it gets those annoying little balls on it with washing -LRB- or rubbing -RRB- . I do n't use it any more as I do n't think it 's safe for my baby .
 I am very dissapointed with this product , I would never buy something like this again , the feel of the sheet is absolutely not good or soft for the skin 's baby . It 's supposed to be 100 % cotton but it really does n't look like.I tried to washed with a very delicate soap but the result is the same . It is so rough to the touch . I do n't plan to use it for my baby . Have n't even tried .
 I was very unhappy with the fact that the dots on these sheets are `` painted '' on . The paint is a rubbery , yucky feeling paint that I would not put my baby 's skin against . It would have been nice to know from the product description that the design was not woven into the fabric . I would n't have bought it in the first place . It 's too bad , the sheet itself is a nice color and would have looked great in the nursery .
 The sheet seems to be made well though it fits a loosely . Despite being made of cotton and having a 220 thread count , it feels quite rough . The only cotton crib sheets I 've found so far that feel smoother are Laura Ashley.I ordered blue and in the picture it has a woven or printed dot pattern . That 's not what I received . I received solid blue .
 I ca n't put the bed together because it did not come with the necessary hardware . Bought from CSN stores through Amazon . I 'll repost a review when the hardware arrives , somewhat based on the promptness of their customer service , i.e. subtracting one star from everyday after an August 22nd postmark .
 This bed is wabbling and one of the screws that holds the side rail on came out . The hole seems to be to big for it . The top crossbar on the headboard spins as well . It is garbage . I would not recommend .
 This bed is AWFUL . Please please stay away from it , my so -LRB- 16 months old , 24 pounds -RRB- got up on it and bounced ONCE and the entire thing cracked . The wooden jagged edges were so dangerous I was lucky to get my son out of this bed unharmed . Then to top it all off , when I called customer service they said since I had used wood glue to reinforce the -LRB- very very weak -RRB- slabs I had deactivated the warranty and they would n't honor it ! So here I am , 100 dollars down the drain , with no bed for my toddler and I have to load this piece of crap into the car and pay to dump it . RIDICULOUS . I do n't understand the high reviews , please NO ONE buy this bed it is a safety hazard .
 I 'm breastfeeding , so the baby tends to soil a lot more than if he was formula fed . Which means he 's getting wiped a lot more . These are thick , not terribly soft but not the scratchiest . But they turned his little butt red within a week ! I had samples of Pampers Sensitive - which were much better . Thinner , softer , and a bit moister . I also have the Lansinoh Clean & Condition wipes which were even better . I definitely wo n't be buying the Huggies wipes again - guess I 'll use them to clean my preschoolers hands and such .
 these are the most HORRIBLE , AWEFUL , TERRIBLE baby wipes i 've bought . these wipes turn sensitive newborn skin red and tender.as a new mommy , i 've been trying my fair share of baby products looking for the best for my little one . these wipes are like thick rough paper towels soaked in water . pampers and johnson & johnson wipes are more cloth like , thinner and gentler than these however pampers dries out to quickly and johnson & johnson adds way to much fragrance . the best baby wipes are Lansinoh Clean & Condition Cloths -LRB- these are great for especially newborns and breast feed babies because they are the ones that tend to poopie more often -RRB- - but Lansinoh are a bit pricey -LRB- around $ 4.50 for 80 sheets -RRB- . so if you want rough towels to wipe your baby 's bottom and like to see their bottoms turn red , buy huggies wipes or better yet save your money and buy a roll of brawny paper towels and run them under the faucet because it 's the same exact quality !
 I bought this product hoping for an improvement in my hair . I used the matching shampoo first -LRB- pretty good -RRB- then this conditioner . It left my hair dry , lackluster and crunchy . I would not recommend this to anyone , unless your hair is extra greasy then maybe it will work .
 This stuff is awful , it is way too runny . It 's not moisturizing , nor does it have a pleasing smell . I bought a good amount of Mill Creek products and was sorely disappointed in most of them .
 I bought this conditioner and after trying it just once I know that I do not want to use it again . It 's not conditioning at all . My hair seemed drier after using it and the scent is very strong -LRB- nausiating -RRB- almost . It says on the bottle its got organic and natural ingredients , well , o.k. maybe a few of the items are organic but not all of it if you read the long list . Dont be fooled . I 'll stick to my old favorite -LRB- suave -RRB- because it 's more nourishing than this stuff and it 's cheaper . Dont waste your money trying it .
 It 's very watery , I do n't think it 's real keratin conditioner . I have used other keratin conditioner before and they worked so well but this one yeah not so much !!
 This product made my hair more dry and wispy than before . I would not recommend for my hair type . I have straight / semi-wavy hair , silky , thick , long , with fly aways . After using this product my hair was unmanageable , more prone to knots and had more fly aways ! Whats up with that beta keratins ?
 Quality not as good as past products.The blanket part of the item not soft and pilled after the first wash.Also some the tags were sewn crooked .
 MY DAUGHTER DOES NOT LIKE IT LIKE I THOUGHT SHE WOULD , SHES LOVES TAGS BUT THIS ITEM DOES NOT MEET HER STANDERDS , NEEDS TO BE BIGGER NOT WORTH THE PRICE , DO NOT GET THIS ITEM DOES NOT APEAR TO BE ALL WHAT IT MAKES OUT TO BE !!!!
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM B/C BABIES DO LOVE THE TAGS ON THINGS BUT THIS EVENING MY 4 MONTH OLD ALMOST SUFFOCATED BECAUSE OF IT ! I LOOKED OVER TO HER SITTING ON THE HER BOUNCY SEAT TO FIND THE 12 X 12 BLANKET COMPLETELY OVER HER FACE AND HEARD HER GASPING FOR AIR ! I RUSHED OVER TO HER AND THANK GOD SHE WAS AND IS OK ! I JUST WENT ON THE TAGGIES WEBSITE TO FIND THE BLANKET IS RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES AND IS APPROVED BY JMPA , TIA AND ICPHSO . I AM SURE MY BABY IS NOT THE FIRST TO HAVE THIS HAPPEN AND I WOULD THINK TWICE ABOUT BUYING THIS ITEM FOR A BABY DESPITE IT BEING RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES . THIS ALSO GOES TO SHOW THAT EVEN THOUGH AN ITEM IS APPROVED BY VARIOUS SAFETY ORGANIZATIONS , THAT MAY NOT MEAN THE ITEM IS IN FACT SAFE .
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM B/C BABIES DO LOVE THE TAGS ON THINGS BUT THIS EVENING MY 4 MONTH OLD ALMOST SUFFOCATED BECAUSE OF IT ! I LOOKED OVER TO HER SITTING ON THE HER BOUNCY SEAT TO FIND THE 12 X 12 BLANKET COMPLETELY OVER HER FACE AND HEARD HER GASPING FOR AIR ! I RUSHED OVER TO HER AND THANK GOD SHE WAS AND IS OK ! I JUST WENT ON THE TAGGIES WEBSITE TO FIND THE BLANKET IS RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES AND IS APPROVED BY JMPA , TIA AND ICPHSO . I AM SURE MY BABY IS NOT THE FIRST TO HAVE THIS HAPPEN AND I WOULD THINK TWICE ABOUT BUYING THIS ITEM FOR A BABY DESPITE IT BEING RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES . THIS ALSO GOES TO SHOW THAT EVEN THOUGH AN ITEM IS APPROVED BY VARIOUS SAFETY ORGANIZATIONS , THAT MAY NOT MEAN THE ITEM IS IN FACT SAFE .
 I agree with a reviewer about the Graco snug ride car seat . I 'm a fairly competant person , and read the instructions with great care ... and as far as I can tell , there is no `` snapping '' with this car seat and this frame . The car seat just rests on top of the frame and you have to rely on the flimsy little strap to keep the car seat in . That 's fine for level sidewalks , but not much else . I love how easy this is to fold and store in the trunk , but am I doing something wrong ? Is there a piece missing ?
 My wife is in tears after fighting with this piece of crap for over an hour . I spent another hour attempting to assemble it and I 'm thoroughly disgusted . This thing has the WORST SET OF INSTRUCTIONS THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN . Nothing can touch the incompetence of the tech writers at Baby Trend , Inc.BABY TRENDS TECH SUPPORT DOES NOT ANSWER THE PHONE.It 's impossible to attach the Snap Bar into Position I for a Graco Snug-Ride without stripping out the screws.Even better , when you give up in frustration , it 's impossible to disconnect the wheels in order to fit it back in the box so that you can ship it back.The Snap-N-Go is an complete loser .
 It is impossible to configure this stroller to fit the Graco Snugride . The instructions state to put the bar in position `` I '' , but you can not do this due to the location of the screw holes . I do n't know if we just have a lemon or what , but it does n't look particularly well-made in general . Flimsy parts , mismatched holes , etc. , so we 'll be exchanging it for a Graco model .
 Like other people have written we put together the stroller to fit with the Graco Snugride . After assembling I kept thinking I was doing something wrong . IT does not SNAP ! It simple lays on a bar and has a flimsy strap to hold it on the stroller . Thanks for wasting four hours of life Snap n ' Go ! You could have just told me there was no snap to the go!I think it 's a piece of junk . The wheels are foam and after 2 walks on regular terrain the wheels are pitted and falling apart . The only good thing about it is that it is lighter than our Metrolite stroller . Hope this helps !
 As I have already written a real review for this item stating how displeased I was with it 's compatability with Graco products I wo n't go any further with that.What I did want to let people know is that Graco has just come out with a new product called the Snug Rider . It is an alternative to the snap n go that is made specifically for Graco products . I LOVE IT . I am so impressed with how sturdy it is . Please people , if you own a Graco snugride consider this before the snap n go . Trust me you will llove it too . I can pick up the whole system from the one handle and not feel as though my baby is going to fall . Unfortunately I have n't been able to find the product on the Babies R Us website . They are carrying it in stores though . Good Luck : -RRB-
 We bought this stroller last night and just like a review on Jan 30 . have found that the Graco Snug Ride does not `` snap '' into place securely ... there is about 2-3 inches of play and you can actually remove the seat without using the red handle to depress the lock !? With the safety strap in place , it seems to be stable enough but we are perplexed by the amount of `` play '' in the fit . And yes , we have read the directions a dozen times and are confident that all the bars , etc. are in the proper place as the directions are very clear and everything is labled as well . We really like the concept of this stroller and love it otherwise , just are n't sure how safe it is with the fit .
 Do n't bother wasting your money if you have the SnugRide by Graco.Graco now sells a frame called the SnugRider Infant Carseat Frame . You can find it here by name for whatever reason.You can find it by searching for the part number B0007KMUH4 .
 Well thought it would work ... tried every position , getting one to kind of work but the carrier still moved around quite a bit . In addition it puts a lot of pressure on the center on the carrier -LRB- right above the red hook -RRB- Returned it and purchased the Kolcraft model . This sits on top and does n't lock in , but the strap holds it in place and the bars are designed to accomodate the graco snugride , plus no bar adjustments !!
 We used the snap-n-go when they first came out ... liked it then . Now with our third child we rec 'd the newer version . We have an Eddie Bauer carrier . The booklet that comes with it shows the carrier and gives instructions on placement . The problem is that the Eddie Bauer carrier is only held in place by a strap - it DOES NOT LOCK INTO PLACE , like all of the other carriers would . Now , it may seem that why not use just the strap - well , the strap is the SECOND saftey mechanism for the seat ... and really should not be used as the only one b/c when you move the stroller the seat moves around ... the latch is for a reason , and if you can not securely latch the carrier - they should NEVER instruct you to be able to use it - just to make the $ $ . We 're returning it ! Sorry but our child 's safety should be their concern ... too !
 Where do I start ? This is a miserable piece of junk , first off , the model I got , had a manful defect , I could not move the snap bar into the # 1 position , tried , drew blood , tried again , packed up , took back to BRU last night , got a second one , same manuf problem . I then read the many reviews from Graco owners and I would like to address one of the suggestions and have you sit and think about my views before you click on the buy button , or go to a BRU to pick one of these up of you own a Graco infant seat . . There have been reports of people taking off the snap bar , and putting the other bar that you normally throw away into position 3 and it works.Here is my main question . Do you want to honestly risk the safety of your child on rigging this stroller to `` work '' with your car seat , in a manner that is not designed or sanctioned by the manuf ? Do you want to risk the injury or death of your infant of the stroller fails after rigging it this way ? This is a very serious question ; one I sat down and thought long and hard , I thought , I love my 5 day old daughter so much that I did not want to risk her injury or death ... If something happened and your child was injured , there would be no recourse for you legally against the manuf since it was being using in a manner it was not designed for.This is a sturdy stroller , its easy to use , Baby Trend has updated the design of it somewhat from an earlier version I saw earlier this year . Now Baby Trend really needs to take Graco seats off the supported list or do another redesign . Especially since Graco just came out with the Snug Rider which is designed ONLY for Graco seats . 1 pound lighter than the snap n go , better parent friendly design as well.Please please take what I said seriously if you 're a Graco infant seat owner ...
 You will have hard time reconfiguring the bar in position `` I '' as required for Snugride seats . The screw holes are misplaced.If you get lucky to screw the bar the disappointment is guaranteed when you find out the carseat does not snap in place .
 VERY disappointed in this product . While it was easy to assemble & SEEMED like a great idea - our Graco Snug Ride simply will not ` snap ' into this carrier . It goes in fairly well but has about 2-3 inches of ` play ' -LRB- i.e. , the seat can move too much -RRB- . Not sure what to do now ??
 I got the Snap 'N Go as a shower gift from my registry . We decided on it because of the apparent lightweight convenience , and some of the great reviews online.But sadly I have to agree with some of the other comments relative to the Snap 'N Go fitting with the Graco Snugride . My husband is mechanical engineer and followed the instructions to the letter . We too found that the Car Seat really did n't fit well . The bar which the Car Seat needs to latch on to is too narrow , and hence the seat is sloppy on the stroller . Yes , you can use the thin strap to help , but ideally you should n't need to ! It 's more aggravation to fit the seat and I can envisage the annoyance searching around underneath for straps , when baby 's on board and all you want to do is Snap 'N Go!If you wiggle the seat around on the stroller you can free the seat without undoing the seat 's safety latch.I would n't trust it over rough ground -LRB- as lightweight and convenient as it seems -RRB- , so we 'll be taking it back to the store tomorrow and looking for something else.A mommy-to-be
 I just purchased the Snap N Go # 1308 along with the Graco Saratoga infant carseat from Babies R Us . I followed the directions exactly for use with the Graco Snugride infant carseat . The instructions say to remove the BT Bar -LRB- for use only with BabyTrend infant carseats such as Latch Loc -RRB- , place the Snap Bar in position I and angle it to angle # 5 , and then position the SNG to position A . This took about 20 minutes.THE SNAP BAR DOES NOT ALLOW THE GRACO CARSEAT TO LOCK IN PLACE ! It just sits on top of the much too narrow SNG bar using gravity . If you take the stroller up a steep hill -LRB- I live in one of the hilliest areas of San Francisco -RRB- , the carseat just slides off the too narrow SNG bar ! Many people turn their strollers on the back wheels on level surfaces too , which can also result in the seat sliding off the bar . The only thing securing the car seat is the belt looped under the auto belt slots of the Graco car seat which is not sufficient . The same problem applies to the other `` compatible '' carseats
 I bought this product because the manufacturer said it works with the most popular models of car seats . I have an Evenflo car seat and it did NOT work with this stroller . A few pages into the instructions , and after assembling the whole thing it lists a 1-800 number to call if your EXACT model of car seat is not listed in the instruction booklet . The customer service rep. informed me that this stroller will not work with my car seat AT ALL ! I am 9 months pregnant , and not happy that I had to drive very far to the Babies R Us store to purchase this product , drive all the way home , assemble it , and then read in the middle of the instructions that I need customer service , only to find out that the product will not work with my car seat . After disassembling the stroller , TRYING to repack it in the box , and driving all the way back to the store to return it , I have decided that Baby Trend is not the company for me . I will not buy any more of their products since I feel they could have been more honest in their advertising on the box , and on the internet regarding this product 's specifications . I feel I was mislead , and I do not trust this company nor it 's products .
 I totally agree w/the comments made re : this stroller not being safe w/Graco Snugride carseat . I 'm now having my 3rd child ; I had previous model of Snap ` nGo stroller -LRB- which we used w/a new Graco carseat at that time -RRB- , which was quite worn after 2nd child since we LOVED it and used both for ~ 1yr w/EACH child . Bought this new model and new Graco SnugRide carseat and fit is terrible compared to last model . The bar is too narrow . They have clearly lowered their cost to make it at the expense of quality - as they used to give several unique bars that you mounted to the unit to fit with your particular stroller -LRB- and threw the others away -RRB- . Now they simply have same bar regardless of your carseat that you simply adjust to unique location & angle -LRB- good cost save for them but now unsafe -RRB- . This bar is too small in diameter for the Snug Ride , so the carseat can be released from the stroller with a small bump into the front of the carseat -LRB- toddler bump into it , on a cobblestone road , ie . normal usage -RRB- . I called Baby Trend Cust Svc to discuss and they said they have never heard this complaint . I 'm surprised based on the comments I read here . I 'm now returning ours to try the Kolcraft model .
 Even though advertised to work with all standard infant car seats , I found out at the worst time that the `` adjustable bar '' on the stroller does n't screw in properly to accomodate the Graco infant car seats . Upon return at BRUS , I was advised to purchased the Graco SnapNGO equivalent , that was of course more expensive . Very frustrated with the false advertising and the inconvenience of bringing my 2-week old to the store to return product .
 Never even got to use it . it 's not compatible with my carseat and when i called find out what i was doing wrong , the c/s person told me to use the straps -LRB- even though the carseat did NOT snap in properly -RRB- yeah right , i am not taking a chance like that . its not call Strap N Go , its supposed to snap and the straps are for extra security . so i gave it away to someone who had to proper seat for it . so much for universal !
 I have spent the past evening trying to assemble this stroller . It will not assemble correctly for the Graco . What should take three minutes has been a fuss of three hours ! I am taking it back in the morning !
 I have rated this a waste of money as the stroller does n't properly fit any car seat - it was not made for a specific system . My husband thought this was a great item and yet ca n't get the car seat to fit securely . I have used this product a couple of times and would rather have the bulky stroller that came with my car seat with me instead as you can be sure the car seat is locked and will not move . With the Snap 'N Go the car seat moves and the strap that they provide to hold the car seat for better security does n't fit properly.I would definately say unless your stroller/car seat company does n't have one of these , do n't purchase it ! The only advantage is that it is small . Definately not worth the $ 50 you pay !
 This stroller has nothing to attach the car seat to beside a simple strap with a buckle . After I realized it , I returned this stroller and bought the Greco Quattro , which has many more features to offer .
 I also had a lot of trouble getting the Graco SnugRide to fit into this snap and go stroller . My Husband and I checked consumer reports and found that the Graco MetroLite travel system is one of the best ones on the market . It has a SnugRide carseat with the MetroLite stroller . The car seat locks into the stroller and does not move ! The best part is we exchanged the stroller and the car seat for the MetroLite travel system and only paid $ 17 more.I would recommend the travel system over the Snap 'N Go by Baby Trend .
 This is a cheap crappy stroller that absolutely has no shock absorbtion at all and rattles my infants head/teeth etc. just walking across a flat parking lot . Because a carseat snaps in , an infant is sitting in a bent C position so their weight is on their spine - all the rattling is not good for them in that position and their head flops sideways because of it too.My other complaint is that this product is made by baby trend and is currently available at babies r us only in navy blue . I also bought my carseat at babies r us , a car seat made also by baby trend and guess what ? The carseat is only available in a black white and red pattern and does not match the stroller at all !! How ridiculous is that that 2 items made by the same company to go together do n't match at all !?!? And yes , I am aware of the travel system by baby trend that matches but I would n't have the adjustable back seat if I bought the set and therfore would only get 3-4 months out of my infant car seat as opposed to 6-7 months due to weight/height limitations.I only use this if I 'm going into the bank or just in and out of somewhere quickly but can not use it to go for a walk , for that I bought a decent stroller with shock absorbtion.I would n't bother buying this again.The only positive thing I can say about it is that it does fold/unfold easily and has a large basket . -LRB- But what good is a large basket if I ca n't use it to go anywhere that I would need to bring a large diaper bag ?? -RRB-
 As the other reviewers have noted , the new Graco Snugride and the new Snap N Go ARE NOT compatible . My husband called the company and they confirmed that the Graco does NOT snap onto the stroller . We will also be taking back the Snap N Go and either trying the Kolcraft model or buying the Graco stroller to go with the carseat.Baby Trends should not be allowed to say that the Snap N Go works with the Graco when it clearly does not . What a joke !
 Those that are complaining about your Graco 's not fitting well , make sure you have a Snugride car seat and NOT a Safeseat . They look the same . The snugride fits the snap-n-go , the Safeseat does not . The boxes , web descriptions , etc. do not state this so we purchased a double one for our twins online , not knowing . I tried and tried to get it to work and it was just a tiny hair off . I thought I was doing something wrong , so I looked on Baby Trend 's website , where I found a note telling you that the Graco Safeseat does not work with any of their snap-n-gos . You will need to spend more and get the Graco brand snap-n-go . I thought it was such a great idea for traveling , so my big monster double stroller would n't get torn up by the airlines , I would n't have to deal with the weight of the larger stroller , and the snap-n-go fits into rental cars better than my jumbo double stroller . I almost cried when I learned our Safeseats would n't work with it !
 I assembled the Snap 'N Go only to find that the attached straps are not long enough to fit over the Peg Perego Primo Viaggio Infant Carrier . I called the company and they confirmed that the straps are too short for this particular infant carrier although the Primo Viaggio is listed as one of the infant carriers that can be used with the Snap 'N Go . They said that they would mail me longer straps but I have yet to receive them .
 We recently purchased a Baby Trend Snap-N-Go baby stroller from Amazon . The stroller was described as fitting most car seats . -LRB- You just place the seat into the stroller and it snaps into place . -RRB- However , despite the fact that we use a very common Evenflow carrier seat , ours does not fit in the baby stroller.I called Baby Trend -LRB- as was instructed in their assembly manual if a car seat was not listed in their instructions -RRB- and was told we should buy a different seat/carrier to fit their stroller ! When I explained that our seat fit in the bases already correctly installed in our two vehicles and that we wanted to continue to use them , the support person said to return the stroller to Amazon.Fine . Except for one thing . . Once assembled the front wheels will not come off and so the carrier can not be put back in the box it was shipped in.I called Baby Trend support again and the advice I got was to pry them off with a screw driver . I explained that it appeared that that would break them . To which the representative said it might . Her solution was to tell me to call Amazon.When I politely expressed my dissatisfaction , the Baby Trend support person interrupted and continued to talk over me , not listening to a word I was saying . . and I really was being civil . When I told her that her behavior was unprofessional and that I would like to speak to her supervisor , she replied that she was the supervisor . I asked to speak to her boss then , and she stated that he was out and that she could not tell me when he would be back.So now I 'm stuck with a stroller that does n't work for us and can not be easily returned . Baby Trend has taken no responsibility and been less than helpful.Clearly this product is not as universal as it is advertised as being
 I was given an Evenflo Discovery Infant Car seat as a gift and was under the impression that it would work with the Snap N Go -- after all , the product claims to be compatible with Evenflo seats . It does n't work , not only that , the chart that indicates which models are compatible is located near the end of the instruciton manual -- AFTER the assembly instructions . So , now I have a fully assembled Snap N Go -LRB- I ca n't return -RRB- that wo n't work with my car seat.My advice ? Call the Baby Trend customer service number -LRB- 800-328-7363 -RRB- before buying this product to make sure that your car seat will work !
 the Graco Snug Ride car seat does not securely `` snap '' into the snap and go as indicated in the product manual . even after strapping in the car seat , i found the stability of the car seat on the stroller to be less than desired and less secure than i 'm comfortable with . if you have a Graco car seat , i recommend spending the extra $ 10 to get the Graco version of the snap and go where the car seat will snap and lock onto the stroller much more securely .
 Despite claiming their product is compatible with Graco 's Snug Ride , the GSR just sits on a metal bar and relies on a strap to hold the whole thing together . Frightening for a parent to rely on . Very poor instructions and even worse customer support . When I called to express my concern that there seemed to be no `` snap '' in the snap n go , the person I spoke to even agreed that the product worked poorly with the Snug Ride . Friends with other car seats indicate their product works well with the Snap n Go , but why support a manufacturer that continues to claim their product works with the Snug Ride when it so clearly does n't ?
 I purchased this set for my first child and only ended up using the nail clippers and the thermometer . The nasal aspirator did n't work as well as the one provided by the hospital . The medicine dropper and spoon were n't useful because most infant medications bottles have a dropper included . The thermometer worked well but too quickly ran out of battery and because the battery is n't replaceable in this model I have to buy a new one . The nail clippers work well and we still use them.From my experience , I would buy an infant nail clippers and a better quality thermometer that has a changeable battery and skip this set entirely .
 This is a gift and it was sent in a cardboard box but there was not enough packing around it . The inner box was crushed and torn on one corner . It was also a day late in arriving .
 As others have mentioned there is excessive static . One of my units crapped out after 13mo . This is fairly common of stuff made in China . It 's too bad that most Americans are too cheap to support American made products . They sure were made FAR better than the consumer products made today . Those days are gone though .
 Like others , I get a lot of of static . A couple of people mentioned battery life . Mine gets terrible battery life .
 We do n't have a huge house , but have found it impossible to use these monitors because they have so much static whenever they are turned on ! We are going to try and return them and purchase something that does not make so much noise !
 So my son is only 6 months old , and these monitors have crapped out on us ALREADY ... The base unit is the one that 's broken , it wo n't pick up any sounds ... the 2 parent units seem to be fine . WTF ?!
 This monitor completely stopped working within two weeks of use . The company requires you to send it in and pay for shipping in order to get a replacement . I recommend paying a little more for a higher quality monitor !
 ok , we are on son number 2 , son number one has `` played with '' 1st set of monitor so they were beat up . they are fisher price brand , awesome . these `` first years '' brand we got so we could have son one on channel a and son two on channel b. i was dreaming . i can kinda get one of them to work some of the time . but they suck . hopefully if you are looking for baby monitors you will read this before you buy , DO N'T SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED DOLLARS ON THIS JUNK ... . i have two sets of fisher price on the way ... thanks amazon
 I am severely disappointed in this product . This is my third baby monitor purchase -LRB- for my newborn baby -RRB- , and I appalled at the lack of quality and usability . The sound quality on the parent units is terrible - there is a high pickup , and it is difficult to hear the baby at all , even when she 's crying . It is difficult to sleep with it next to me at night , since I have to turn it up so loud just to be able to hear her , but then have to listen to all that background noise -LRB- even though it is not coming from her room -RRB- . It happens regardless of what channel it is set on . Also , switch to select change channels -LRB- there are only 2 -RRB- is very touchy , and easily changed . I found this out when somehow it got changed and I could n't hear my baby all night . It was awful . I 'm ready to chuck this thing as soon as I get a new model . I do NOT recommend this product to anyone . I know there are inexpensive monitors available that do not have these faults .
 I got this monitor as a gift at my baby shower . The very first time I used it I noticed a lot of static and humming . However , I continued to use it because I did n't have the receipt . It is very sensitive which is the only pro about it . I practically hear my daughter breathing if I turn it up the loudest !! Not reliable at all when used on battery power to be mobile . It has constant static when I walk around with it on battery power and even blacks out sometimes where it stops working . The static is the biggest down fall . If you 're standing in a certain position in the house , it may be static . Sometimes when I bring my hand near the receiver , it goes haywire . Very poorly made !!
 My wife and I were looking for a monitor at the store Thursday night and this seemed like a reasonable buy . I guess at the price it is . But the static is so bad it is going back on Saturday . We may have to pay twice the price for something that sounds better ... but we will . It 's my fault for not checking the reviews on Amazon first .
 The static is horrible and you can not hear your child , EVERYthing seems to interfere and cause more static including me sitting to close to it or it being to near other electronics . Save yourself time and money and by a different one .
 THIS PRODUCT DID NOT WORK WHEN WE PUT BATTERIES IN . IT HAD SO MUCH STATIC THAT YOU MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO SLEEP WITH IT . I DID NOT RETURN BECAUSE I CHECKED IT BEYOND THE 30 DAY RETURN PERIOD . recently -LRB- two months into using it -RRB- , we have no been able to use this crap at all . it produces a loud static and does not work . i had to sleep in my son 's bedroom for fear that i am not going to heat him when he wakes up .
 Very noisy ... static sound is so loud that we ca n't even hear anything else . Returned and looking for something else .
 We started using these roughly eight months ago . One of them did n't work intermittently from the beginning , and now the other is having problems . It appears to be an issue with how the contact for the batteries is made , so if you only used them on AC power this would not apply to you . They work just fine when they work , but when this little piece of metal in the battery compartment is n't making contact the unit wo n't work at all . Just a poor design .
 PROs : - good price for a two receiver monitor - good reception with little static in a 3300 sq. ft. houseCONs : - child unit does n't use batteries so this is NOT portableA decent monitor with little static interferrence but we are out and about often and need the portability of battery operation for both child and parent units . The child unti only uses the AC adapter . Because of this , we are returning this and looking for a fully portable set .
 I have had this monitor for 7 months + now , and I loved it at first . It is super sensitive and the range is good for my house . BUT the static is now so bad that I ca n't hear him as well as I used to . I am now looking for another monitor and I am not happy about it . I recommend buying a different one from the start .
 This monitor 's static interference is so loud that it drives you crazy . And , you ca n't hear the actual sounds you bought it for over the static so its useless .
 We tried this monitor for the first time during nap time in his crib as he currently still sleeps in a bassinet in our room . The monitor did NOT pick up any noise , not even his stuffed toy that sings . The static just being in the next room was so loud we had to turn down the volume , but then did n't hear him when he was crying . My husband went in the room , talked and messed with the monitor and it did n't pick up anything . This will be returned . -LRB- yes we tried batteries , plugging it in , checking channels and different positions -RRB-
 I ordered this because of the positive reviews . I should n't have bothered . I opened the box and immediately the receivers did not work with batteries - fresh batteries from two separate packages . I figured it would n't be that big of a deal to just plug the receivers in . I did finally get them working plugged in BUT there was a horrendous humming sound that was just too loud to even be tolerable . I could n't even hear another adult speaking into the transmitter because of the humming!So , I recommend passing on this one and ordering a different brand . I 'm returning this one tomorrow .
 I would return this product - but my partner threw out the packaging - so we are stuck with it . I thought our old monitor -LRB- a Graco -RRB- was bad , but this has 3x as much static . I 've tried both channels - and both are bad . I ca n't return mine , but maybe I can save someone else the trouble - get something else !
 I received this monitor at my baby shower . The monitor worked well for a few months , then suddenly the static appeared just for no reason . We tried to play with it , plugged into different outlet , switched channels , ect . with no luck . Because of the loud continuous buzzing this thing is useless .
 These monitors are horrible . I 've used them a total of 4 times and ca n't even get them to work ! Static is all we hear . Now we just have to keep checking on our little one if we are downstairs and she 's sleeping in her crib ! Ca n't return since we bought them and ca n't find the receipt . : -LRB-
 This monitor is awful . All I hear is static . The threshold for hearing baby is quite high -LRB- meaning he has to make a lot of noise before I hear him -RRB- . With my old monitor , I could hear every sound without static , but it was unreliable , while this one is quite reliable so far . It does n't switch channels or beep incessantly like my old monitor . But for it 's primary purpose , to pick up and transmit sound , it fails miserably .
 I bought this sippy cup seeing how informative the review was . . and I was happy when i saw it and my baby liked it . . But whn i went to wash it , i cleaned the valve , by removin a obvious piece that had to be removed to clean ... and it never was able to attach corrctly it will fall in her drink and completely get my babys face all wet so after ONE use i had to discard it ... maybe it was defected but i was not satisfied with it .
 I 've never been able to decipher what ingredient it is in some soaps that gives me a strange ` surface rash ' on my skin -LRB- ` surface ' being that there are raised bumps that scab over but they do n't itch and they 're not red . Not painful , but not pretty -RRB- . But , turns out that this soap does this to me . It also has a VERY strong medicinal smell which is a bit too strong for what I 'd prefer in a soap and probably part of what causes me to break out . So , QUALIFIER
 This soap has an unpleasant medicinal smell . I asked for fragrance free soap and was sent this . The representative at Touch of Europe said it was fragrance free , but it definitely is not .
 Bought soap for granddaughter who ca n't use any kind of soap , she did n't like it , it looked like green mud . She would use it and bated the way it smelled .
 I 'm sad to say it but this item is a fake.After 40 years of shaving and spraying I can tell a difference.Silly me to believe that half-priced cologne can be anything but fake.No claims to Amazon.com though - my favored merchant of all time .
 This cologne in not too bad if it is applied very lightly . It has a hint of whatever scent that is used in ant spray .
 Ordered two bottles and only received one , the supplier refused to resend the bottle and only refunded the cost of the bottle but kept 25 postage , the customer service woman insinuated that I was lying , I would NOT recommend anyone use this company as you will lose your money .
 I bought this product from Amazon as the seller , and I received a bottle of some substance with ABSOLUTELY NO aroma . If I wanted rubbing alcohol , I would have gone to CVS . There was n't even a hint of the original cologne ; whoever stole it did n't even go through the effort of cutting the cologne .
 I bought this cologne with the vintage and they sent me two of the vintage , so i 'm not sure if this is a good cologne .
 This John Varvatos has only remnants of the smell of the one they sell at department stores . A watered down version . Has a strong ethanol scent for its top notes . Base notes resemble JV but only lasts for a couple of hours . This may be fake . I should 've spent an extra $ 20 and bought at Sephora .
 This is a great scent , at a department store . I tested Macy 's vs this because the scent only lasted mere minutes and here 's the deal , this one goes on really strong and chemical smelling and does n't last . One from store lasted 7x longer + . Also , ca n't return fragrances to amazon because they are flammable ! Do n't cheap out and make the same mistake I did !!!!!
 This was the second sample bottle that I purchased.I was very satisfied with the first bottle , liked the fragrance , and was thinking about buying a larger size.Second bottle arrived and smelled `` bad '' did not smell at all like the first sample . Even tried side by side test -LRB- one on the back of each hand -RRB- My wife said that they were totally different with the second bottle having a bad odor -LRB- not a good fragrance -RRB- Can this stuff go bad in the bottle ?
 I ordered John Varvatos classic The bottle I received did n't have the words classic on the Varvatos name and the cologne seems different . It 's a bunch of BS . and I 'm sure it 's a nightmare of arguing trying to figure this out or get it replaced with the correct one even if they sell the one I wanted . In short I 'm not buying cologne every again from amazon
 I realise that colour can often be difficult to transmit accurately online , but this boppy cover in `` orange '' stripes was horribly misleading . Even the cardboard image that came with the packaging was identical in shade and colouring to what appears in this picture online , but in actuality , the colours are VERY bright and garish . Mostly strawberry reds and crass pinks . I would have never picked this item , had I known it would look this way . The cotton is not very soft at all . To be fair , I 'm sure it accurately fits any boppy that needs a cover , but I will give this one away or throw it out . Total waste of money .
 I saw this online and decided to go to the store to buy it . The description says that it accepts the Peg Perego Primo Viaggio baby carrier -- It does not !! The carrier wobbles in the frame and is not safe . Even the sales associates at the store did not reccomend it ... they said that it is best for the Combi carriers . At the suggestion of the sales associates I purchased the Kolcraft universal - which seems much sturdier and safer than the Combi . The only drawback is that it does not fold down as small as the Combi .
 Do NOT buy this item if you value your child 's safety . We purchased this item from Armitage Direct , to be used with a Combi Shuttle infant car seat . They advertised that the Flash EX and the Shuttle car seat were compatible . They were not . The seat simply sits on the frame , only held on by a thin strap . Nowhere does it lock . With this model of seat , there is n't even a notch for it to stay in place . It 's much like putting your car seat on top of a wheeled table and rolling it around , and about that safe.We contacted Armitage Direct -LRB- who runs -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to return it , and were told that the seat and frame were compatible and that it was our mistake , despite the fact that the Flash EX lists compatible seats in its owner 's manual and the Flash EX is NOT listed . We got nothing but the runaround from them . Despite that , there 's no way I 'm putting my child in this . I 'll be purchasing the Graco Snugride and the Graco Snugrider frame . Those actually fit together safely.Short version
 I agree with the previous review - it is completely incompatible with the Peg Perego infant car seat . I bought it online and received it today . Now I have to go to BRU and return it - shipping costs down the drain .
 I accidentally ordered this one instead of the Kolcraft Universal carrier , since they are both called the Universal carrier . This car seat carrier is over-engineered with too many moving parts that are completely unnecessary . Rather than returning it , my husband wanted to eat the $ 59.99 plus shipping by beating it up with a baseball hat . We went out and purchased the Kolcraft Universal carrier -- it is much simpler , easier to fold , and has a large , functional basket underneath the car seat .
 I ordered 2 packs of these nipples , when I received the package one of the packs was completely opened and the other pack was opened and taped shut . But on a good note , I contacted the sender and I was told that I could send them back for a refund . But I 'm still unhappy with the fact that they were both open .
 I bought this item before returning to work because I thought it would simplify my sterilizing routine for my breast pump parts . I also liked that It was dry sanitizing , so I was excited to sanitize items like teethers , small stuffed animals , etc. . I wish that I had seen all the reviews on amazon before purchasing . I assumed by the photo that this was a much bigger item , and that I would be able to fit lots inside . -LRB- see my photos uploaded to amazon -RRB- I was sadly mistaken . When the germ guardian arrived I was shocked at how small it was . Unlike other reviewers stated , I was able to fit all of my double pump pieces inside , both horns , both diaphragms , and all the sterile caps , etc. . However , that was about all I could fit . If the unit is completely empty , I can fit four , 4 ounce avent bottles in it , but none with the pump horns . The avent 4 ounce bottles must be in the 4 corners , otherwise the lid hits them and wo n't close . Anything larger than a 4 ounce bottle will only fit on it 's side . Because of the strange plastic divider pieces that are in the container , only ONE 8 oz bottle will fit inside , on it 's side . Strange ! So when I thought that I would be able to come home and sterilize Four bottles and all my pump parts in one load , I was sadly mistaken . I can fit almost 50 % more items in my Avent Micro Steam Sterilizer . Every night after daycare I have to run the Germ Guardian THREE TIMES to get the bottles and pump parts from the day sanitized.If I did n't have to pay for return shipping on this item , it would be going back . The small size of the chamber is just ridiculous . They could have at least made it deeper , if not wider dimensionally ... that way it would take up very little counter space and still handle a nice sized load.Another thing I was n't expecting , the bottom of the container is `` open '' with spoke-like dividers radiating out from the center . Instead of being a nice grid design like say , a colander , it allows smaller pump parts and even pacifier handles and small MAM Pacis to fall through . That is crazy to me . I am always afraid this will cause something to melt or drop through . -LRB- please see photos I uploaded of inside grid -RRB- That said , the sanitizer is easy to use . It does it 's job . It 's nice to walk away and come back to clean , dry , sterile pieces . My favorite part is that silicone breast pump parts and nipples are never `` spotted '' or cloudy as they are with boiling or with steam sterilizers . Just nice and crystal clear . At least things look nice!Another thing I was shocked about ? You ca n't use this to sanitize teethers ! The directions state that no toys with liquid inside can be placed in the sanitizer in case they get too hot and burst . I was disappointed at this . You also ca n't put in any toys with light or music/sound features . So no light up keys or musical rattles . I thought that as a dry sanitizer , it would be able to do these things for me . That even ruled out the stuffed animal that I wanted to sanitize , because his hands are plastic and filled with a teething gel.Another downside is that wet items cant be placed inside . So while I thought I would save drying time , I still have to wash and hand dry all the parts before they can go inside . I thought they would probably dry while in the sanitizer , since it uses heat much like a dishwasher . However , the directions tell you that it is NOT A DRYER and that Wet Items are not to be placed inside . If wet items are inside , they wo n't get hot enough to be sanitized.I was extremely frustrated with the lack of information about the product that was available before I purchased.This could use some serious improvements . The idea is great but the design is not .
 I 'd give this machine 5 stars if # 1 -RRB- it was n't so expensive and # 2 -RRB- , it was n't so darn small . It barely fits anything inside . It works well for pacifiers and a rattle or two , but that 's about it . Anything else just wo n't fit . And the design of the inside , with the piece in the middle , makes it even more restricting . In my personal opinion , this product is not worth the money . I am so disappointed , because it sounded so perfect . But , its just not .
 I liked the concept , but somehow I missed the comments about how small this is or I could have saved myself some trouble . It wo n't even hold the 4-oz collection/bottle parts to my Medela pump . Info says you can use it for pump parts , but I guess that would have to be just the valves and maybe hoses - that still leaves me with the rest . Yes , pacifiers and a rattle would be fine , but not even the sassy rattle ball or arch toys would fit ! Mine went straight back !
 My guess is that Amazon is n't offering this style due to a possible recall . Let me tell you that , although this product is nearly ideal for taking tikes on hikes , the quality is poor . My pack is about 7 years old & the straps have lost their integrity . Which is to say they are literally disintegrating .
 Product is advertised for the Advanced Playtex VentAire bottles ; however , if you order from The Natural Health Shoppe they send old stock from the Bubble Free System . Packaging is yellowed with age . Gross ! Plus , they refuse to refund shipping and will make returning difficult in general . The Playtex VentAire Advance System is wonderful but the nipples advertised here are not . Buy elseware !
 Item was sent to us in used condition . The original packaging was missing , the item is damaged and smells and the instruction booklet pages are stuck together . Shame on Amazon to send an used item !
 My son just pulls off the splash guard and wont stay on the chair . I hate the way the seat comes off and it does n't slip back in well . My son just wants to take it apart all the time anyway and tries to sit on it without the seat . The high five thing does n't really help and he just bumps it with is leg anyway . My son just likes the fact that it 's elmo but he does n't sit on it .
 This product seemed great at first but has become very disappointing , the tabs attached to the seat part have bent after very little use and can not be bent back into place making it a struggle to place and remove , you just hope you do n't get splashed when trying to remove it . I am currently pregnant and it is very uncomfortable dealing with this , I need a potty that will allow me to easily lift the part I need to clean up . I am ready to buy a different one .
 If you want to spend your time wrestling to pull a potty apart and again to put it together this is the potty for you . This definitely was NOT designed with ease in mind . It takes longer for me to put it back together than for my son to use it . Hate it . Need to buy one with and easy slide out bowl .
 I bought this ages ago and while my son liked it at first , it is a disaster now that we 're trying to get him TRULY potty-trained -LRB- ie completely independent , pees on his own , dumps pee into big potty , reassembles potty , flushes , washes hands -RRB- . It has a weird design where you have to take off the outer layer to remove the bowl part , and then to put the outer layer back on is like assembling a puzzle . It 's hard even for me to take apart and put back together.The high five hand is , as another reviewer said , in a bad spot . My son bumps into it accidentally which makes the whole thing seem absurd . He 's sitting there , not peeing or pooping but hoping to , and Elmo 's shrieking `` Way to go ! CONGRATULATIONS ! '' And now the batteries are starting to wear out , which leads to bizarre middle-of-the-night episodes where Elmo suddenly starts talking on his own . Creepy.I am trading it in for one of the simple models with a bowl you can easily lift out and empty , and no bells and whistles . What 's the point of being able to turn into into a -LRB- very low -RRB- stool later , when by the time he 's not using it as a potty any more you certainly will have needed to buy stools for every sink in the house anyway ?
 There are two Major design flaws that make this potty a disaster . The first problem is Elmo 's hand . The toddler is supposed to high five Elmo to get `` encouraging phrases '' . Unfortunately , Elmo 's hand is right where my son 's leg hits . As soon as he sits on the potty , it starts shreiking and does n't shut up . This even annoys my Elmo loving son enough to keep him from sitting on it for more than a few seconds . The next problem is that the pee deflector just pops off . Any toddler can , and will , pop it off instantly . We had to run out to get a different potty right away . Leo loves Elmo but this potty is truly useless.al mom to leo
 This potty does the job , and my son likes it , but it has the following shortcomings :1 - The bottom of the receptacle is high enough that if a big poopy occurs , it touches your kids bottom , meaning more to wipe later on .2 - It 's easy to take apart , but awkward to clean , and there are bits that get bent when re-assembling , that if bent once all further reassemblies become annoying .3 - The electronics do n't like water , so it 's awkward to clean without ruining them . To make matters worse , if you have a boy that sometimes misses -LRB- even when sitting down -RRB- , the miss tends to go right onto Elmo 's hand , which is the button that you press to make Elmo talk , and is the thing that does not like moisture when you wash it.So , if your kid is a Sesame Street fan , go ahead and get this , but otherwise I would look for something more practical .
 My niece has this potty & I tried to get my son to use it while we were visiting on vacation . We were there 5 days & I could n't get him to use it even once -LRB- although he has no problem using other pottys -RRB- . While it certainly is cute , there are several major design flaws
 This was n't what I expected . The string is too short and pulls off too easy . It does clip on easy but does n't hold the pacifier as well as id like it to .
 I wish I would have read the reviews more carefully . I bought two bottles of this lotion and found the formula irritating on my skin . It smells great and I love that they use natural products , but something in there leaves my skin red and irritated . My guess is that the orange essence is too strong.I 'm hoping to give my two bottles away to someone who can tolerate it . I 'm sure most can , but if you have sensitive skin , I would be careful ordering this product without first sampling it .
 I had this item in my cart to purchase . And thank GOD I just so happen made a trip to my local natural grocery/shopping center . . Nature Patch . They had this item there and I was able to smell and test it before hand . And let me say this crap stinks !!!! It was awful I dont know who in their right mind would want their baby to smell anything like this lotion . I hated that I even put it on my hand let alone all over my baby . Just an FYI !!! I was saved so hopefully this review can save someone else . This lotion is too expensive for it not to at least deliver when it comes to the scent .
 My mom bought us a whole care package of Earth Mama Angel Baby products after our second child was born . She had done exhaustive research on the safety of a number of different baby products -LRB- you 'd be surprised what 's in most of it -RRB- and this was one of the very , very few to rate a zero hazard on the Environmental Working Group 's Skin Deep Database . So , that 's point one in its favor.So , for the actual product . It 's a creamy substance , with a strong scent that I can only describe as being warm , but somewhat creamsicles . If you 've ever tried the shampoo , it is the same scent . Strong , but relatively pleasant , and really kind of ... yummy.The ingredient list , while not hazardous , includes more herbal ingredients than I think is necessary to make an effective lotion . My issue with this is that with that many ingredients , it 's difficult to make a product truly hypoallergenic , because there are a number of possible agents to irritate unusually sensitive skin . That said , this lotion worked fine for my newborn , but my older daughter immediately broke out in a rash . Both have senstive skin.On my youngest , this was a fairly reasonable moisturizer - no worse or better than any other we 've tried . It did have the advantage of not making her skin feel oily , I suppose . But I eventually switched to a pure oil instead for after bath time , so I guess that was n't the most important detail to me.I shelved the remainder of this lotion and planned to use it sparingly for myself over the next few months . But a couple months later when I pumped the lotion out , it smelled fermented , like fruit gone bad , and it was a smell equally strong to the original smell . I 'd had the lotion maybe 6 months total.Two plus years ago , when we bought this lotion , the price for was a bit steeper . They had to be ordered directly from the company plus shipping . So I was pretty miffed . I mean , a warning that the lack of preservative might require refrigeration would have been nice . Particularly since we ended up having the exact same issue with the shampoo by this company.In short , I would n't buy it again . I 'm still searching for the perfect moisturizer with two eczema-covered kids , and until this I 'll just stick with the more easily-accessible California Baby.Perhaps you can learn from my mistake , or at least make a more informed decision . I think this is moderately good lotion . But only if it is stored as if it were a perishable food item . The bottom balm by this company is a safer bet in terms of shelf life and is a better , more soothing moisturizer as well .
 I bought this baby lotion after checking the hazard rating at ewg.org . Was excited to find this natural product and ordered it -LRB- previously used adorable baby body lotion which is no longer available anywhere -RRB- . Used only for 2 days for my 2 yr old boy and he had sever rash all over the body , stopped applying this body lotion on him and the entire rash is gone . Never expected such result from a natural product . Lesson learnt , next time when I try any new -LRB- even though it is natural -RRB- product on him I will try to apply a small patch on his hand rather than blindly trusting the product and making him suffer.As always amazon customer service was awesome when contacted them about this issue they issued a full refund .
 I bought this after reading the positive reviews this product has received on Amazon and because it is Organic . I did read the review which mentioned rashes , but I was not concerned because my son has n't had any skin issues since birth . I wish I had paid the review more attention . After using this for 3 days , my son who has beautiful skin started having rashes on his cheeks . I thought it was dryness in winter , but it only kept getting worse . So , I stopped using this and switched Castor and Sesame oils instead . Sure , they are much messier , but they do n't cause rashes and do n't smell as strong.I now totally agree with the highest rated 2-star review for this product . My main complaints about the product are :1 . Caused rashes on a baby who never had any skin issues earlier .2 . Smells too strong for a baby lotion . The smell is pleasant , but too strong for my taste . This is only minor as tastes could vary.If you have never used it before , please watch out for rashes .
 I bought this thinking oh it 's organic must be good will not so much . My sons skin is currently bumpy and red and I 've noticed that he started to get some red blotches on his arm where it bends . He never had that before . He 's been using it for a more than a week and the bumps and redness persist so needless to say he will not be using it anymore . The smell is like an orange popsicle but when you put it on it smells different I am honestly not to fond of the smell either . I guess I will be sticking with Aveeno daily .
 The product I received is vanilla-orange scented ! This is not indicated anywhere . I do n't have the time for a return so I guess I 'm stuck smelling like a creamcicle ! Sucks !
 I got this lotion because I had used the Earth Mama stretch oil , which had a great smell and prevented stretch marks during my pregnancy . I was disappointed at this lotion . Although it worked fine as a lotion and has n't irritated my newborn 's skin , the orange smell is just overwhelming . It does n't smell like the stretch oil at all . The smell is very strong and makes me feel nauseated .
 The lotion itself is OK , but the smell is very overwhelming . If you do n't want your child to smell like an orange , do n't buy this .
 I heard nothing but good things about this lotion . Since using my daughter has developed a rash -LRB- though I ca n't really know if this lotion caused it -RRB- and it does n't moisturize very well . Also , it smells very strongly of ALCOHOL , probably because there is a lot of alcohol in it . I prefer Mild By Nature Every Day Lotion by Madre Labs by a long shot .
 Do n't bother with this play gym unless you want to constantly hold up the bar . It is really a cute product if it worked . Unfortunetly , the striped bar will not hold up properly . My mom has the rainforest play gym and it is far superior . Much sturdier . This one is pretty much useless as far as a play gym . Get the rainforest play gym you 'll be happier .
 I purchased this play gym prior to the birth of my son thinking it would be a great travel gym . This product is somewhat misleading in its ' packaging and discription as to what it actually did . I was very disappointed in it only playing one song and it seemed to be flimsy in construction when put together . I 'm not sure how long this gym will last but I am looking at other gyms at this time . Needless to say this was a poor purchasing decision on my part and I will do more research before I buy another one !
 I purchased this play mat for my son when he was about 3 months old . I like it because it is portable and brightly colored to stimulate him . Also , it said it had sounds which I assumed would be music . It includes a purple cat toy that meows and plays one song which I was a little disappointed about but that 's not a big deal . What I did n't like about this playmat was that after a few weeks of playing on it , the bar no longer stands upright . The fabric that connects to the bar to hold it up has stretched out and I now have to hold the bar up in order for him to play with it .
 I got these for my daughter when she was about 20 months old . I had been putting her in the potty for a while and she was kind of potty trained for the big job but not for the small one . I got this thinking this would do the trick ... . it would make her feel wet and she would tell me . So far that has n't happened . Maybe this doesnt feel as dry as an ordinary diaper but it still a diaper ... she does n't feel wet and it hasnt helped with potty training at all . It makes more sense to try Gerber/Luvable training pants -LRB- thick cotton panties -RRB- ... your child will feel the wetness and its cheaper
 just so you know -LRB- i did n't -RRB- these are scented and my 2 y/o daughter who normally does NOT have sensitive skin had a bad rash after using these . i know it was the diapers because i went back to her normal cloth diapers , the rash went away then i tried these again and the rash came back .
 This is a very nice product , but the description says that this product is 100 % cotton . Upon receipt the tag said 80 % cotton and 20 % polyester . We have sensitive skin in our family and I would never have purchased this product if I had known that it was only 80 % cotton as opposed to the 100 % advertised.If you have no concerns about polyester then this is a nice product .
 I just washed this item per the directions . It ripped on both seams ! Do n't waste your money on this product .
 The cover I got is a low quality one . The fabric is harsh and covered in lint balls.The stiching is porrly made as well.I 'm glad I did n't pay full price for this , but still upset about this purchase .
 Very thin and they are too big for my changing pad , which is a standard size . I was disappointed in the quality and will be returning them . The navy is not a true navy , instead it is a bright blue .
 I was rather disappointed with this when I received it . It 's not easy to find a red changing pad cover , so I was excited to find this on Amazon . Well , the material is not as soft as I had expected and is somewhat thin . Not that big of a deal . However , what I hate about it is there are two small holes in the center of it for those dumb changing pad straps to fit through . Who actually straps in their baby when changing them ? So , now you can see the white changing pad through those two holes and to the average Joe it looks like I have an old ratty changing pad cover that I should replace . Oh well .
 I was so excited when I finally found a purple changing table pad cover . It lists that it is a `` contoured changing table cover '' but it does not fit the pad even though the measurements were bigger than the pad itself . Instead of laying flat against the pad it sticks up .
 Had a hard time finding a Navy cover for my son 's room.This one is perfect in color . Nice deep dark Navy -LRB- no hint of royal blue -RRB- . The 2 stars though is because it really does n't have a nice fit and it 's very thin and cheap feeling . It 's also not soft at all . Even after 2 washes . It 's supposed to be for a naked baby bum people . Seriously ? My TP is way softer . For real .
 Pretty color but material is cheap and not very soft . The slits for the securing straps are in an odd place .
 Weird fit , weird material . But I needed a cover in navy which is really hard to find . Its barely worth the ten bucks i paid . It feels like it is 20 years old and is just really &#34; pilly &#34; and not really &#34; terry &#34; at all . Not soft either.Instead , I 'm having a custom one made to replace this one . That one was 40 dollars on etsy but it has an 8 week delivery . This will work until then .
 I was so excited when I finally found a purple changing table pad cover . It lists that it is a `` contoured changing table cover '' but it does not fit the pad even though the measurements were bigger than the pad itself . Instead of laying flat against the pad it sticks up .
 Had a hard time finding a Navy cover for my son 's room.This one is perfect in color . Nice deep dark Navy -LRB- no hint of royal blue -RRB- . The 2 stars though is because it really does n't have a nice fit and it 's very thin and cheap feeling . It 's also not soft at all . Even after 2 washes . It 's supposed to be for a naked baby bum people . Seriously ? My TP is way softer . For real .
 Pretty color but material is cheap and not very soft . The slits for the securing straps are in an odd place .
 Weird fit , weird material . But I needed a cover in navy which is really hard to find . Its barely worth the ten bucks i paid . It feels like it is 20 years old and is just really &#34; pilly &#34; and not really &#34; terry &#34; at all . Not soft either.Instead , I 'm having a custom one made to replace this one . That one was 40 dollars on etsy but it has an 8 week delivery . This will work until then .
 This is a very nice product , but the description says that this product is 100 % cotton . Upon receipt the tag said 80 % cotton and 20 % polyester . We have sensitive skin in our family and I would never have purchased this product if I had known that it was only 80 % cotton as opposed to the 100 % advertised.If you have no concerns about polyester then this is a nice product .
 I just washed this item per the directions . It ripped on both seams ! Do n't waste your money on this product .
 The cover I got is a low quality one . The fabric is harsh and covered in lint balls.The stiching is porrly made as well.I 'm glad I did n't pay full price for this , but still upset about this purchase .
 Very thin and they are too big for my changing pad , which is a standard size . I was disappointed in the quality and will be returning them . The navy is not a true navy , instead it is a bright blue .
 I was rather disappointed with this when I received it . It 's not easy to find a red changing pad cover , so I was excited to find this on Amazon . Well , the material is not as soft as I had expected and is somewhat thin . Not that big of a deal . However , what I hate about it is there are two small holes in the center of it for those dumb changing pad straps to fit through . Who actually straps in their baby when changing them ? So , now you can see the white changing pad through those two holes and to the average Joe it looks like I have an old ratty changing pad cover that I should replace . Oh well .
 Despite other review 's description regarding the overwhelming scent of these wipes I decided to try them out - whoa . I was not expecting it to be a strong old-lady perfume . Plus the dispenser -LRB- on all 4 packs we tried -RRB- barely worked , after 2 or 3 wipes we had to digging into the funk to pull out the next wipe . Also of note , these wipes are not as moist as others we 've tried .
 these are pretty perfumey , strong smelling . not a smell i particularily like . otherwise they are ok .
 I bought this product based on the great reviews in hopes of finding a solution for my daughters chronic diaper rash . We used this cream for about a week , with great results ... until one day when the cream adhered to her skin , causing burn-like sores on her diaper area . We discontinued immediately -- had to use antibiotic ointment for days until it healed . Maybe it was just too strong , but I was very disappointed as this product claimed to be gentle for sensitive skin . Boy is that wrong .
 For my little girl just learning to use her hands this item is too big . A similar toy about 1/2 the size would be more fun for her .
 Normally I do n't leave reviews of amazon purchases , but I was so disappointed with this item I thought I should . I ordered the blue dot percale bumper , and I was disappointed with the quality , feel and appearance of the fabric . The fabric was rough to the touch and the `` dots '' looked like they were printed on the fabric instead of part of the fabric . It was so rough that I would never use it in a baby 's crib , and I think the fabric would be uncomfortable even for an adult . I also ordered the American Baby Company crib jersey sheet and chenille changing pad cover , and both of those were great . I think this particular fabric is just not right for a baby or any item of baby bedding .
 Cheap , not soft or durable . Looks like it 's going to fall apart . One set of string ties long the top of the bumper so you can not even secure it to the crib . Save your money
 This stroller did n't even last a month before it started to fall apart ... The handels were the first thing to go . One by one they came off . I ended up having to duct tape them back on . Then the netting around the seats got big holes . Then the drink holders came off while folding it up . I had this stroller 6 months , it was so sad that when I tried selling it at a yard sale I only got 2 dollars for it . I really recommend a side by side instead because these types of strollers are so hard to push and turn . If you do n't believe it put the kids in and drive it around the store a few times .
 We ordered this stroller from abroad and had it brought to us by family . We based our decision solely on photos and review and were disappointed to find that the stroller is actually much larger and heavier than it seems . After assembling it , I felt like I was pushing a large plow . We personally would prefer something more compact , lightweight and easier to fold . We have a Honda Civic and this stroller when folded took up most of the trunk . We do plan on returning or selling this item and buying a replacement .
 Normally I do n't leave reviews of amazon purchases , but I was so disappointed with this item I thought I should . I ordered the blue dot percale bumper , and I was disappointed with the quality , feel and appearance of the fabric . The fabric was rough to the touch and the `` dots '' looked like they were printed on the fabric instead of part of the fabric . It was so rough that I would never use it in a baby 's crib , and I think the fabric would be uncomfortable even for an adult . I also ordered the American Baby Company crib jersey sheet and chenille changing pad cover , and both of those were great . I think this particular fabric is just not right for a baby or any item of baby bedding .
 Cheap , not soft or durable . Looks like it 's going to fall apart . One set of string ties long the top of the bumper so you can not even secure it to the crib . Save your money
 This is a metal frame with fabric draped over it and tightened . The stitching is not perfect , it is actually pretty flawed , but it will work -LRB- unless you pull a string , then the seam splits -RRB- . The sizing listed online is for the base , but these boxes are actually trapezoids that are wider at the top than bottom so if your measurement is close - beware it may not fit . There is a piece of cardboard covered in fabric in the bottom - do n't get it wet ! Spot treat with water and hand soap to clean other areas .
 i figured this is something you can go cheap on . how hard is it to make a decent changing pad cover ?! this is poor quality terry , too small for the pad , and already has a hole in the seam after 2 washes .
 I chose this cover for the color and material . I was very disappointed when I put it on the change pad and it did not fit . Our change pad is a standard size by Summer Infant . It did not fully cover the sides and I put something in the center , about the weight of a baby -LRB- I am due next month -RRB- the corners lifted off . It is too bad because I really liked it and had to return it .
 I was excited to find a changing pad cover for $ 10 , but I will be returning this item . The material is SO THIN ! It 's a tad small for a standard size , contoured changing pad so it comes up a bit on the sides which looks very ugly . The purple is a dull lavender , I was hoping it would be a little more vibrant in color . The color I could overlook , but it 's so thin and small that there 's no point in having it . With a coupon I can get a yard of nice minky fabric in the color I want for less than $ 10 and make my own nice thick minky dot changing pad cover . Even if you 're not handy with sewing though , it 's worth it to spend a little more and get something worth having . Do n't waste your time or money on this item .
 This changing table cover was okay . After first wash , it was still okay . Then after consecutive washes , the seams began falling apart . Maybe it was just mine , not so sure . I only have one changing table cover , when soiled , I use the larger/rectangular receiving blankets .
 I bought this changing pad cover because it was really affordable . However , I did not read the description closely enough where it states ` flat changing table cover ' . I have a Summer Infant changing pad that is the standard shape and size and this cover did not fit - it is way too small to cover the pad . Make sure when you purchase this you have a FLAT changing pad .
 Purchased this item for a Serta contour changing pad and it was n't until it was on the changing pad that I realized it did n't fit correctly because it was n't made for a contoured changing pad . I guess I did n't fully read the description so the ill fit was n't that big of a deal . However , the material seems kind of cheap and the terry tends to pick if you catch velcro - from a diaper tab or swaddle blanket - on it . Overall I like the Carter 's and Babies R Us brand changing pad covers much better - the better quality is worth the few extra dollars . I would not purchase this item again , even if it did fit the Serta changing pad .
 I was scared to let my baby sleep in the basket at night b/c I was scared he would get pushed up against the sides . Good for napping though . Ca n't beat the price .
 I ordered this basket because my 6 week old daughter does not like to sleep in her crib and I thought a basket like this would make her feel more secure . When I opened the package my first thought was - this thing ca n't be safe for babies . The lining and foam pad seem to be cheaply made . The lining was too loose around the sides of the basket for my taste , and the foam pad was not a snug fit into the basket either , creating the risk of the baby getting their face stuck between the pad and the side of the basket . There was probably a one-inch space between the pad and the sides of the basket . I put my baby in it to test it out and she immidiately rolled to one side where her face ended up against the side of the basket -LRB- obviously at 6 weeks , she is not capable of rolling over herself , must be something about the level/grade of the basket that makes them roll -RRB- . I would not feel comfortable leaving my baby in here unattended for fear she would roll into the space on the sides or up against the side and not be able to breathe . It also did n't look that comfortable anyway and the overall appearance of the basket was not appealing . I sent it back to Amazon the next day . I do not recommend this basket for anyone . I ended up getting a Nap Nanny and absolutely love it .
 not that good the basket are so loose that breaks easily , I would rather spend extra dollar , and buy the good ones which is n't that expensive compare to this one .
 We really liked the idea of a basket for our son soon-to-be . But when we got this product , we just did n't feel comfortable with letting him sleep inside of it . It seems a bit flimsy to us , and it does n't have a very well defined shape . Even so , the included foam mattress clearly does n't fit well . That would have been ok , if we could have found one that did . But , try as we might , we could n't find one on amazon . We tried theNaturepedic Organic Cotton Bassinet Oval Mattress , and it definitely is not a match ! Finding fitted sheets was also hard on amazon . We are returning the item , though , so I ca n't report on whether they actually fit or not . In the end we opted for a much more expensive wicker bassinet set from another company .
 I like moses baskets , but this one had very gentle use and one section of it still unraveled . I would not purchase anything from Badger Baskets again .
 If I could 've given a rating of zero stars , I would have . This basket is such poor quality , and constitutes such a safety hazard , it should not be marketed as a &#34; Moses Basket . &#34; It 's extremely loosely woven , prickly , floppy -LRB- the handles will not stand up , as they do in the picture -RRB- , and the lining does n't fit at all . It bunches up ! Placing an infant in this basket would be a grave mistake ! Also , when first removed from the box , it had an awful chemical smell!I had this basket shipped directly to a friend upon the birth of her grandson . She was appalled at the quality and told me she would NEVER put her grandson or any other infant inside this basket ! I apologized profusely and felt embarrassed and humiliated that I had had it shipped directly to her without seeing it first.When I contacted the seller that I wanted to return this basket for a full refund , I was told I 'd have to pay shipping both ways -LRB- it was originally a free shipping item -RRB- in spite of the fact the basket was of such poor quality that it was unusable -LRB- their standard return policy -RRB- . I protested . Within hours , the seller agreed to give me a full refund of the purchase price , with no deduction for shipping . which I appreciate tremendously . They responded quickly and courteously and understood my feelings completely . Good for the seller ! Bad for the basket !
 This item broke in four different places along the top during the first day of use . The basket is not as pliable as others I 've seen and is made of very cheap materials . Not at all suited for use for a baby . Do not buy this item or you 'll be throwing your money away .
 This is so poorly made ! The sides are rather floppr and it comes out of the boxed with a permanent desire to lean to one side . If the manufacturers boxed it a bit more carefully . it might be a great value . Howver , it 's useless in its permanently warped form . I bought this product -LRB- Summer Infant By Your Side Sleeper Portable Bedding -RRB- instead and love it !
 i figured this is something you can go cheap on . how hard is it to make a decent changing pad cover ?! this is poor quality terry , too small for the pad , and already has a hole in the seam after 2 washes .
 I chose this cover for the color and material . I was very disappointed when I put it on the change pad and it did not fit . Our change pad is a standard size by Summer Infant . It did not fully cover the sides and I put something in the center , about the weight of a baby -LRB- I am due next month -RRB- the corners lifted off . It is too bad because I really liked it and had to return it .
 I was excited to find a changing pad cover for $ 10 , but I will be returning this item . The material is SO THIN ! It 's a tad small for a standard size , contoured changing pad so it comes up a bit on the sides which looks very ugly . The purple is a dull lavender , I was hoping it would be a little more vibrant in color . The color I could overlook , but it 's so thin and small that there 's no point in having it . With a coupon I can get a yard of nice minky fabric in the color I want for less than $ 10 and make my own nice thick minky dot changing pad cover . Even if you 're not handy with sewing though , it 's worth it to spend a little more and get something worth having . Do n't waste your time or money on this item .
 I bought this changing pad cover because it was really affordable . However , I did not read the description closely enough where it states ` flat changing table cover ' . I have a Summer Infant changing pad that is the standard shape and size and this cover did not fit - it is way too small to cover the pad . Make sure when you purchase this you have a FLAT changing pad .
 Purchased this item for a Serta contour changing pad and it was n't until it was on the changing pad that I realized it did n't fit correctly because it was n't made for a contoured changing pad . I guess I did n't fully read the description so the ill fit was n't that big of a deal . However , the material seems kind of cheap and the terry tends to pick if you catch velcro - from a diaper tab or swaddle blanket - on it . Overall I like the Carter 's and Babies R Us brand changing pad covers much better - the better quality is worth the few extra dollars . I would not purchase this item again , even if it did fit the Serta changing pad .
 This changing table cover was okay . After first wash , it was still okay . Then after consecutive washes , the seams began falling apart . Maybe it was just mine , not so sure . I only have one changing table cover , when soiled , I use the larger/rectangular receiving blankets .
 I purchased the 24x27-40 `` WIt expands to only 37 inches wide , not 40 '' as stated.Very hard to set up as the controls you need to use are extremely stiff.I 'm truly sorry I bought this .
 It is big , it is wide , it is cheap - in price and construction . It gets the job done , but one of the notches to latch the gate down has already completely broken off . This means it wo n't stay at that width , and considering the width of the doorway is pretty constant , means that it wo n't hold well to the doorway opening anymore . I plan to put a bolt or a screw through it to replace the broken piece of wood , but I am not very hopeful that the wood will hold up to that either .
 This works in theory but the latch to lock it in place is ill-conceived - a person could break a finger trying to get in on and off . maybe the Four paws one is the one I was thinking of ...
 In the picture of this product , it appears to look at least somewhat stable . When I used the product , it did not stay in place ; the rubber points at each end of the gate that are supposed to secure it between the wall do not stay . My 3 month old yorkie who is less than 3lbs . was able to push the gate over . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ; it is JUNK !!!
 The quality of this product was completely fine but my problem is with the color choices . The item I ordered was labeled as cream but when it arrived it was very much a yellow . I would have returned it if I did n't need it right away as a back up crib sheet . Otherwise , the sheet is soft .
 Warning -- this product has totally changed . We bought 2 sets from Amazon 2 years ago ; the OLD ones are 5 stars . Now , the product is 1 star . After the first washing , they are too small to fit on the crib mattress . I stretched them as much as I could , and the wimpy elastic still could not hold the sheets on the mattress . Sheets that wo n't stay on the mattress are unusable -- thus the 1 star rating . Note , we washed and dried the sheets on medium heat , the same settings that the old product never shrank after 50 + washings . The new product is totally defective and we are returning it .
 I ordered the turquoise colour and it is absolutely not the same as shown above . It 's much lighter and slightly green rather than the rich blueish as seen here .
 The only thing good about this is the color was true . Too bad the red dye keeps leaching out in the wash . Also it is a thin , see through , chemical smelly sheet . I washed it three times and it still smells . I wo n't buy from this company again and I wo n't even use this sheet as a rag - I sure wo n't let a baby sleep on it .
 When it comes to our baby 's crib , safety rules . Unfortunately , this sheet did not fit our crib mattress -LRB- MDB Twilight -RRB- tightly enough to be safe . It was a loose enough fit that the fabric gathered along the side edges of the mattress , and our 4 month old might have been capable of pulling it off the mattress entirely . We have n't had this trouble with the fit of other brands ' more conventional -LRB- non-jersey -RRB- cotton sheets .
 This swing worked great for about a month and was even a bit fast for a newborn . But now it will barely swing . It works when the swing is empty but as soon as I put my 14 lb baby in it , the swing barely moves ... and the glider does n't move at all . I 'm disappointed to say the least .
 We have had this swing/glider for 6 weeks and it has been a life saver for our now six week old daughter who will not sleep in her crib . The reason I am giving it such a poor score is that the swing does not seem to have any power even though it is plugged in to an outlet . My daughter is only 9 pounds and the swing/glider only moves about 3 inches back and forth and the speed dial does not change anything . It used to work well , so I do n't know what the problem is now . It 's only on for a few hours during the night and gets a break all day .
 After about 2 weeks of use , this swing got weaker and weaker until it would n't swing at all , even with brand new batteries . What a waste ! It 's cute , but worthless . I was upset that I 'd spent over $ 100 on something that stopped working almost immediately .
 I had to return this product right away . It was way bigger than what I expected . It takes a lot of space on the counter .
 You will definitely buy a sterilizer and end up keeping all the bottles within the sterilizer until used . Why bother with the drying rack ?
 If I could I would give this product no stars . I put this on my coffee table and tv stand to protect my child from the corners . As it says in the manual you can easily take it off and just wipe the leftovers with a wet cloth ... That is not true at all . I tried to take them off my coffee table and it took off half of my table . same happened on the tv stand . This is the worse stuff ever . DO NOT BUY THIS ! IT WILL RUIN YOUR FURNITURE !!!!!
 I liked the edge guard at first . After awhile it started to move and crumbs from my son started to accumalte . It would move and all sorts of stuff would stick to the edge . After a couple months i could n't stand it and took it off . That is when all my grief began . It was next to impossible to get the adhesive off my table . They told me it would rub right off . I tried to use every method in the book . After a lot of elbow grease and Lots of goo gone i finally got it off . I do not recommend buying this product . It is more work than it is worth .
 i bought this product and i am very dissatisfied with it . i placed the foam on the edge of my coffee table , and without child pulling on it , it started coming up . on the back of the box it states that this product will not harm furniture , yet i am going to have to restain my coffee table because the stain is peeling up with the tape !!!!!! the double sided sticky tape doesnt stick well to the foam either . do not buy this product if you plan on using it on wood surfaces !
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU HAVE WOOD FURNITURE ! I had this on my wood coffee table for not more than a year & although the package states it will not harm furniture , when I went to take it off it peeled off much of my stain finish ! I called Prince Lionheart , they could of cared less . There is a `` Disclaimer for any damage , '' Fine , but aparently on that very fine print on the instructions , it states that it should not be used on wood furniture . SO why is there a picture of the cushions on a wood coffee table on the cover ? I told them they should put that information about wood surfaces on the front cover , that it is misleading when you are purchasing it , they just kept saying they have a disclaimer . Horrible customer service , they just want to sell their product & do not care about how their product holds up . That is not the kind of service I need when dealing with products for my child . SO now I must shell out $ 200 to re-finish my coffee table . Thanks for nothing ! My toddler also took off the corners fairly easily throughout the year . I still ca n't get that sticky stuff off my table either ! Easy removal my tush ! This item & company stinks !
 Not worth the hassle of cutting up the pieces to fit your table and sticking it on ... eventually falls right off anyway which does n't do any good when it comes to a curious and active child .
 We bought this product to protect our 9 month old from bumps and bruises . I installed it one night while she was sleeping and the very next morning , she figured out how to get the corners off ! By afternoon , she had figured out how to also get one of the long pieces off ! I found it difficult to cut to size , and it obviously does not stick . I am going to purchase one of the expandable guards -LRB- I have one on my coffee table now and it works very well ! -RRB- .
 This product does not adhere well . I have tried it on wood , metal , and painted surfaces . What 's more , other `` safety '' products I have purchased that use well-known 3M tape were defective as well . Also , when I tried to remove the cushion , the tape removed my furniture paint . Overall , I rate this item with 2 stars because the neutral color does not attract my toddler 's attention and the cushion does prevent painful head bumps .
 While this product works as long as it is stuck to the table , the trick is getting it to STAY stuck to the table . The adhesive is terrible , and nothing else helps to keep it on . I assumed that I would ruin my table by sticking these on , and I was right . My baby 's favorite pass-time now is removing the `` bumper edges '' and chewing on them . I would invest in the expanding elastic edge instead - kids still pull it off , but at least it wo n't ruin your table .
 I guess these served their purpose for protecting the edges of our glass coffee table from our toddler . However , I just spent the last hour trying to take this off . I had to use goo-gone and a razor . Would have ruined my table if it was made of wood . Will not buy again .
 most of the reviews I have read on this product describe the protection it provides which is good . When these writers try to remove the adhesive from their wooden tables-GOOD LUCK . It took me three days to clean off the residue left behind by the double stick tape . What a nightmare . I used oil , mayonnaise , scrapped and rubbed . Finally WD 40 worked the best . All these suggestions were from online help on removing this adhesive . The product does protect as explained and is definitely cushion enough to prevent major bumps and bruises but in the long run it is not worth it . I would have put my coffee table away until the toddler years were over if I knew what I had to go through to get my table back to its original surface . Would never suggest it , recommend it or buy it again !! I would give 1/2 star if I could .
 Good idea but this is very cheaply made ... it is not sticky enough to stay on anything ... my 6 month old baby would just yank it off immediately . I wish I never purchased this because you 'd basically have to crazy glue to your furniture and there 's no way I am doing that !
 this looks like a good product and I ordered two of them but the double stick tape was dried out and impossible to use ! I have to get some other form of adhesive if I want to be able to use this product . not happy at all about having to make additional trips to get this to function properly . : - -LRB-
 We purchased this item , thinking it would be great for our large wooden coffee table . Our son just started walking & we wanted to protect him . It took a long time to cut the cushion to fit the table . Then , the adhesive that comes with the product is horrible . Eventually , our son was able to get the strips of cushion off that had not fallen off on their own . We are now seeking a new product -LRB- as well as a new coffee table since the wood finish was stripped off -RRB- .
 As many others have written this product is NOT safe for wood furniture . Whe we removed it it actually pulled the finish off of a brand new Crate and Barrell table we had . Using several different solvents , a nylon pot scraper , about two rolls of paper towels , and a LOT of elbow grease I was able to get the massive amount of remaining adhesive off without doing further damage . Although the company does include a short disclaimer about how they are not liable for damage to tables , elswhere in the packaging materials it clearly states that the product CAN be used on wood furniture . They even show the product on a wood table in their advertising ! I ca n't state emphatically enough that this product WILL damage your table - only use it on wood furniture you do n't care about .
 This product is absolutely terrible ! The corners fell off repeatedly , without my son even touching them . The double stick tape does not really stick . Basically , the guards have become teething toys for my son . So , if you 're looking for a saftey product , do n't buy this one . Another company makes an elastic cushion that fits around the table - now that is a good product . Buy that one if you can !
 It comes off easily , very expensive product , based in what you get.Definitely not worth it !
 This product did not work well . Both of my kids were able to easily rip the corner pieces off . And today , after becoming tired of placing them on over and over again for months , I took it all off , just to find that I ca n't get large chunks of it - or the adhesive - off of my table . Do Not Buy !!
 My baby loves peeling it off and walking around the house with it . The protection is good but is not helpful because it just wont stay .
 My seven mos . old pulled it off in less than a day . Horrible !
 We purchased this to put along the top of our rectangular coffee table as well as along the shelf at the bottom . Our 6 month old is rolling and scooting and is especially interested in the table . He has bumped his head a few times already.The foam is of good quality and was very easy to install but the tape does not hold well at all . My baby was able to pull off the foam without any problem , exposing the sharp edges . I would think that there should be a stronger adhesive in order to keep the foam on to do what it is supposed to do . A safety product like this definitely should not be able to be removed so easily - especially not by a baby.I would not recommend this product .
 I was pretty happy with this product at first . My son suffered stitches a few weeks ago after a run-in with our coffee table so I thought we 'd try this . Only problem is he wants to rip it off & it comes off sooooo easily . The tape that is provided does n't take much to un-stick it . I am pretty unhappy with this purchase as a result .
 This is the worst thing ever . It sticks for one week and then its down . I put in on my coffe table and end tables and they are all damage because of the tape.Don ' t buy it
 While the idea of this is very good and indeed it did do it 's job in covering edges , the adhesive does n't do a very good job in keeping it on . The corner peices -LRB- which are the most necessary -RRB- come off very easily and one little tug by your child and the whole thing is off . What does NOT come off easily , however , is the adhesive from your TABLE ! It says to `` rub '' it off , however all rubbing does is makes your fingers sticky . I ended up having to scrap it all off my table with my fingernail ! So if you value your furniture , be cautious of this product !!
 I 'm only giving this product two stars because it may work for someone with a baby who is still crawling , but once your child starts pulling up or walking the guards wont matter or last . My husband put them on the furniture when our daughter was asleep , thinking that she would n't notice them . Unfortunately , putting them on just gave her an extra something to chew on.The bad thing is that the double sided tape that comes with the guards is practically useless ! Your child will be able to take them off . And to our horror , our daughter tried to eat them . We count it as a loss . Maybe if we buy our own double sided tape that 's a little stronger .
 The bumper is made of good material , but the tape that comes with it does n't stick worth a darn .
 My husband told me that this would ruin our tables . Well It DID !! This product was my daughters favorite chew toy . She could take it off and would knaw on it . It does n't stay on and it WILL ruin your furniture . Their box says easy removal ... I would like them to come to my house and take it off for me .
 To be fair , I should have read the instructions before buying this . It works by using double sided tape to stick to your furniture . We have nice wood end tables . The instructions pretty much say that there 's a chance you wo n't be able to get the adhesive off of your furniture when you 're done . While I do n't want my child to bump her head , there 's got to be a better way . I 'd like to still have this furniture once she 's more stable .
 I did not see mention of a color , and thought these were white . They are GRAY .
 We bought this to put over the brick hearth located in our family room . -LRB- We too could not afford the ... gate needed to cover the wide opening -RRB- . After opening the package I read through the instructions which stated that the double stick tape would not work on brick , but that we would have to purchase strips of velcro to secure to brick . After buying velcro and spending hours installing to brick , dear son pulled off each piece within 5 minutes . Do yourself a favor and forget about these-not worth the -LSB- price -RSB- and time spent .
 We found this product to be ineffective as our baby would pretty easily pull the rubber bumpers right off our coffee table over and over again even though we used as much of the two-sided tape as we could .
 The Prince Lionheart Jumbo Edge Guard damaged my furniture !! I followed the directions to test the product and applied a piece of the edge guard to my furniture leaving it for a day or two . When I pulled it off there was no damage . However , it did cause damage after letting the edge guard sit for many months . When I removed the strips it discolored the wood everywhere the adhesive had been . I called Prince Lionheart and they did not express an ounce of concern for the problem their product caused . Stay away from this !! I would have given this zero stars , but that was not an option !
 My daughter put these cushions on her coffee table to prevent injury to her toddler . It 's not a bad idea , but there are some problems with the product . First , even though she made sure the surface was clean and free of any possible dust , dirt or oily residue , the stickum did not hold tight , so her toddler was able to loosen and remove some of the pieces quite easily . The soft , rather spongy material does help prevent injury if a child should fall against it . However , that same material can become a choking hazard to teething babies . My same daughter 's year-old twins are now `` cruising '' , and found these edge guards delightful to chew on . She decided to stop using the coffee table until the boys outgrow the need to gnaw .
 I liked the 3-n-1 organizer however I am a strictly Avent mom and the bottles do n't stay on or in ... . I am taking mine back ... they need to make the holder rings alittle different ...
 This seemed like a good spcae saving unit when we registered for it but once we got it I soon found out it was just the opposite . It only holds the regular skinny bottles which we did n't use . And even then it only held 6 . Plus it 's huge ! It took up more space than any of our countertop appliances.It 's also very cheap and poorly constructed . The little amrs that flip out to hang or dry items on kept falling off and the drawers always seemed to come off track . The door also came off track every time it was opened.It just ended up being a huge waste of time , money and space . We always seemed to be fighting or fxing some part of it , we could store more bottles without it in the same amount of space and for $ 20 bucks wwe could have bought something that was actaully useful .
 I bought this thinking I would save a lot of room on my counter . Unfortunately , I use the wide Dr. Brown bottles and they do n't fit at all ! Even the normal width bottles can get stuck when you try to turn it . Also keep in mind if you use the curved bottles that this product wo n't hold those either . I returned this the next day , thank goodness ! My best advice
 This is one seriously useless piece of junk . The sliding door does not stay on track , it was cracked aleready when I bought it , and it does n't hold many bottles for the room it takes up . The only good feature was the built in dishwasher caddies , but you can get one of those for $ 4 , and a storage bin for $ 5 and get better use for less money .
 This item is well designed and is easy to use , if you have small bottles . I used the Avent bottles and could not get them into the bottle slots . I also had a few playtex nursers that would n't fit . I ended up just using the drawers for washing the bottle nipples and rings in the dishwasher and giving it away as soon as my son was done with his bottles . If you plan to use the bottles witht he smaller/skinnier openings this product could be great , otherwise I would n't recommend it .
 the quality and feel is nice . it was just too small for our basinet . would work perfectly for the nature 's purest basinet mattress .
 I expected ecru to be off white maybe lite tan . The color of the sheet I recieved was a true dull yellow .
 I 've had this booster for about a year now and I have to say that I wish I had gotten something else . It was fine at first , comfortable -LRB- my toddler is a big kid so we needed something big enough for him -RRB- and it stayed put in the chair . After about a month or so , it discolored the wooden dining chair it was sitting on - beyond repair . I 'm not sure if this is true only of the green seat . Also , after about six months a crack formed in the side -LRB- my toddler is heavy , again , so it could have been due to his size -RRB- and it eventually widened to the point that a huge chunk of the seat came off altogether . This is only after 7-8 months of use . I simply can not recommend this product and truly wish I gone with another seat .
 We bought two cooshie seats and thought these chairs would be great.In most respects they are . The problem we had after ony three days of use , is that the seats actually left permanent marks on the finish of two pretty expensive chairs . The paint was marred by every dimple on the bottom of the cooshie seats . ... . My suggestion ; if you have chairs with a painted finish that you are hoping to protect , do not buy these unless you plan to put something between the cooshie and your chair seat which would defeat the non slip feature .
 Although this sounds like a great idea ... it 's not . These connectors make the strollers too wide to fit through even doors accessible to wheelchairs . The stroller 's wheels get all hung up on one another in the middle every time you make a turn . I thought this gadget would save me from having to buy an expensive double umbrella stroller . Since I gave it a good try the strollers are gently used and can not be returned . Now I 'm out the price of two strollers and the connectors .
 These connectors work great if the frame of the strollers is made of circular steel tubing . But the frame of our strollers is oval tubing . As a result , the connectors do not provide a tight fit around the frame , and we ended up with a very loose , wobbly connection . The moment we tried to navigate over anything other than a perfectly smooth tile floor , the connectors popped open from the strain .
 When we received these we followed the easy directions ... . unfortunately the strollers slid all over the place . We have the first years Jet stroller and the front wheels do not lock so they were always getting tangle up . It may work with strollers that have wheels that lock !
 I BOUGHT THESE TO GO ON UMBRELLA STROLLERS . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY . THEY FIT LOOSE AND THE STROLLERS WOBBLED . THE WHEELS DO N'T TURN AT THE SAME TIME , AND YOU FEEL LIKE YOU ARE PUSHING AND PULLING AT THE SAME TIME .
 I do n't know how this has as good of reviews as it does because it was a total disaster . Going over a bump in the sidewalk or making a simple turn and the connectors popped off . The rubber pads also fell out -- one was n't even in place when I took it out of the package . Hard to explain if you have n't seen the product , but basically if one connector came off there were up to 6 parts to collect . And this was n't an occasional event . We walked one block and one connector fell off . We turned around then and by the time we were almost back the other two had come off as well so I ended up leaving one kid and walking them back individually . It took a lot of carefulness over each bump and they still fell off . Plus it required both hands at all times when pushing . Waste of money . Waste of time . Big disappointment . I 'm not usually one to write reviews but this was bad enough I felt the need to warn others . This does n't work !!!
 I have a double jogging stroller , but wanted these for two unbrella strollers incase we went on a road trip bc double strollers are large and take up our whole trunk . My family and I went to a very large mall and I went to put these on two umbrella strollers , did not work , wobbly , one would go forward , then the other , it was just awful . . Great idea , BUT it would work much better if it would cross all four bars under the handles . Now , I have absolutely no use for them . .
 I bought these and am returning them . I 'm sure that they would be fine if you had 2 of the same strollers and did n't have to separate them once set up . One of my strollers has oval tubing bars and the other one has round , and I could n't get the connectors to close . As well , they are a little tricky to separate -LRB- I tried doing this before trying to attach to the stroller -RRB- - I would n't want to be somewhere needing to separate them quickly , especially with 2 kids to watch!I also bought the Munchkin Stroller links which seem to work great -LRB- attaches 2 different strollers -RRB- and much easier to un-attach ! I will review this one after our trip .
 This booster is very comfy and many of my friends had this , however , my 3 yo son is a wriggly kid , and he broke apart this booster so there are large fissures around the top of the seat . Perfect for tons of crumbs to fall through and making clean up a nightmare . I saw one of my friends ' Cooshie boosters and she had to put duct tape across the fissures to hold the seat together . I emailed the company and TWO MONTHS later they wrote back and asked for pictures . We 'll do so and see if we can get a refund , as it 's appalling that a booster seat that cost this much did not last very long at all!PS - we did get a replacement booster seat , but now have a different booster for my son while waiting for the replacement . I guess we 'll keep it for the next kiddo .
 This product is made from a foam-like material which a toddler can break or tear off . We have two Cooshie boosters and both have fallen apart . Also pieces of the foam have been chewed off , becoming a serious choking hazard .
 We ordered two of these booster seats for our children . With the high price tag , we expected them to last through all four children . However , after two years , they both ripped . The problem is , if your child likes to get down from the chair by him/herself and you do n't actually pull the chair back for them to get down from the front of the seat , then they have to slide over the edge of the booster . After awhile , it will tear . The entire side of both boosters is now gone . They still work but they look horrible . I would recommend a booster without the sides -LRB- which is what they turn into ! -RRB- .
 I purchased this booster initially because of the positive reviews and the fact that it looked so comfortable . It also was in one piece without any cracks or crevices for food to hide . However , at 8 months , it has fallen apart . I realize it is only foam , but I would think it would hold up a little better for $ 30.00 purchase price . There have to be other better ones out there .
 Our toddler never liked this product and hardly ever sat in it . It looked like a good solution to our home dining problem , but it did n't help us .
 We recently bought three of these boosters for our daughters . We had just purchased a new dining set and the chairs were too low for our girls to eat comfortably at the table . The chemical finish on the booster migrated on to our wooden chairs and ruined the finish . The finish became gummy and any attempt to take off the gumminess took the finish along with it . We will have to get these brand new chairs refinished at our own expense . Please do yourself a favor and do n't buy these boosters for wooden chairs .
 This booster seat is a great concept but it destroyed my solid oak kitchen chair ! It left a dark gummy residue on the seat and back spindles . I 've tried everything to remove it but it looks like I will now have to have the chair professionally fixed .
 This product ruined my new wood diningroom chairs!It sat for a week on my chair and left a shiny residue that could n't be cleaned off.I only wonder what is coming off on the child that sits on it.It is made by baking it in an oven in a mold.They say it is safe but I wonder !!!!
 These do n't stick at all ! My guys ripped them off the sides of the tables the second we put them up . The adhesive would n't restick either . What a waste . : -LRB-
 As many others have said , it took our 10 month old no time at all to figure out how to pull the guards off the table . Wait till the child is older and is n't interested in pulling things apart like that !!
 This fell off in about a day , it sticks so well to the furniture i ca n't get the adhesives off my entertainment center but it did n't stick to the guards at all . WHat a waste of money .
 These are very cushiony and I 'm sure would protect against injury , but my dog easily pulls them right off . Additionally , the adhesive had to be soaked with goo gone and scraped off of our fireplace and coffee table -LRB- not good for wood finishes -RRB- .
 These corner guards did not attach well to my pine coffee table . My 10 month old daughter pulled them off the first time she went around the coffee table . Now they are a play toy on the floor and the dog likes them too.Don ' t waste your money on these ... they do n't stick at all .
 I did n't realize that the pack has only four pieces . . it is not mentioned anywhere . It is not worth the money .
 They do n't seem to stick very well . Also , once they did start to come off , I noticed it was leaving that sticky residue behind on my coffee table .
 I bought the corner guards for my 8 month old and he quickly figured out how to rip them off and stuff them in his mouth . The backside tape is not strong enough to withstand a baby 's tug . It was more of a harzard to have them than not having anything .
 The product had good intentions however , my daughter was quickly able to pull them off then became a choking hazard when she could get 1/2 of it in her mouth . A better choice for corners is the bumper . The bumper is n't as pleasing to the eye , but definately not a choking hazard .
 I bought these corner guards for my coffee table when my now 1-year-old son started pulling up on furniture and I 'm very disappointed with them . First , the tape used to adhere them to the table took the finish off of our table . Ca n't they use an adhesive that wo n't mar furniture since these are designed to be used on furniture ? So my husband put them on upside down so the really sticky part was on the underside of the table . This did n't provide great protection for the top of the table , but at least covered the sides and the corner . But in no time , my son figured out how to pull them right off , and like the children of the other people who posted , stuck them right in his mouth . He goes around the table pulling of all four guards -- he thinks it ' a great game , but I 've decided to just stop using them . ... Also , I 've decided to just put the coffee table in the basement and only use it when we have people over until my son gets older and I 'm not constantly waiting for him to crack his head on it . Overall , quite disappointed .
 this was such a waste of time and money . . my 8 mo old ripped them off the first nightwe tried also puttin double sided tape and that just stuck to the table and made a mess ... please dont waste your money like we did
 I got these to keep my 20 months safe , two minutes after I put them on my coffee table he ripped them off , the adhesive is not that good and now he is using them as a chewy toy , real waste of money
 We put these on our entertainment center and figured it would keep our nine month old safe from hitting her head . Surprise , she figured out how to pull them off the second day . They have turned into a chew toy . Although , the adhesive stuck well to the entertainment center , sadly , not to the corners .
 Do n't even bother purchasing this item . My son is 8 months old and figured out how to pull these off all 4 corners the day these were put on . Yes , it does leave residue on the coffee table too . But , hairspray or rubbing alcohol can remove that ...
 Or children too strong or products too easy to peel.For my daughter it was 30 seconds job to peel it off .
 The title says it all ! My toddler removed them and handed them to me .
 We installed the corner protectors on our coffee table when my daughter was 7 months old . She did n't pay attention to them for a few weeks . Then she realized that she could peel them off in no time . We no longer have the corner protectors on our coffee table because it has become a `` game '' to pull them off . She more likely to fall and hit her head while pulling them off the table .
 These guards only protect little ones from the corner , leaving the edges unprotected , and equally as dangerous . Tables , wether it be coffee tables , end tables , etc. need better coverage .
 I have put together a lot of furniture in my time , and this was the hardest one yet . 6 hours it took me . Not only is it flimsy wood , I had to modify the very bad directions . The second half of the bed -LRB- bottom section where body goes -RRB- was way lower than the top . So it would have been slanted if I had n't of moved it up a hole . So only one bolt is holding it up and not 2 . The boards that go right under the mattress were suppose to be screwed in , but they didnt even budge with an electric screw driver . It just made dings in the wood . It looks as though it is already cracking where one of the bolts is screwed in . I emailed the company and have heard nothing back . We shall see how it holds up . I would n't pick this again even if it is really cute ! I gave it 2 stars because at the moment it is working , and maybe I was un lucky and just got a badly made one . Just beware if you do buy it .
 I purchased this bed only to find that the bolts provided are too short . I should have known something was up when the first thing I saw on the instructions were the words `` if something is wrong , do n't return the bed to the store , email or call us at ... '' Well , I emailed and explained the situation -LRB- which I 'm sure they were well aware of already -RRB- and I received a prompt response stating that the new nuts and bolts would be sent to me within two weeks -LRB- that 's right , two weeks to rectify a situation they are well aware of -RRB- . Well , it 's been nearly three weeks and still no nuts and bolts . Now I have to repackage the thing and haul it back to the store . What a pain !!!!
 Whilst this description says it is compatible with the Kidco configure gates , I purchased these exensions with my Kidco autoclose configure gate and they are not compatible . I guess they must have changed the joins on the newer model of the gate -LRB- G3000 -RRB- -LRB- see pictures -RRB-
 The description says it is for the G80 , and that is what I needed . Even the picture is of the correct one . However , they sent me an extension for the G4300 series . They are not compatable with each other . Can we say `` False Advertisement '' . Yet , Amazon allows for easy return and refund .
 I ordered a KidCo Elongated child gate . A recommended extension needed to be purchased . The wrong extension was sent . I needed G24 model and received 24 '' extension for a different model .
 Perhaps contemptuous of its customers is a better descriptive term , because Johnson & Johnson changes their formula 's and labeling at will without informing their masses of consumers.We -LRB- My dear wife and I -RRB- ordered several containers of what was shown on the Web photograph by Amazon , and what our container at home clearly said that we really liked - Baby Powder With Aloe and Vitamin E . What we received was a different formula product . We thought we were losing our mind 's because we could have sworn we ordered what our container said.When we questioned this with Johnson & Johnson , they ignored us even though we told them my wife was allergic to some of the ingredients in the ` new ' formula , and why could n't we still get the Aloe & Vitamin E formula ? Two perfectly reasonable consumer requests -LRB- we thought -RRB- . We were completely stonewalled by Johnson & Johnson . They totally ignored our request as lifelong user 's of their products and blew us off like an elephant does a mosquito . Their so-called Customer Service -LRB- definitely an oxymoron -RRB- people sounded bored and hostile with a ` who cares ? ' attitude . As if it was a Top Secret project , no one at Johnson & Johnson could or would take the time to explain why the major change to a fantastic product that actually worked.Johnson & Johnson , although a giant old umbrella of many companies , would do well to remember that there is still competition out there , and not to blow off courteous , sincere requests like ours . Ignoring your customers and just hoping they go away will not win you sales , Johnson & Johnson.The actual retail vendor of the product , Pharmapacks.com , was kind enough to call us personally and apologize for the confusion , explaining in detail that Johnson & Johnson unilaterally changed the formula but retained the same UPC bar code . So when you order the one shown on Amazon you get the newer formula loaded , in our opinion , with suspect chemicals and ingredients , and no longer advertising on the front of the container `` With Aloe and Vitamin E. '' Pharmapacks deserves high marks for honesty , integrity , and excellent customer service . We highly recommend them as an Amazon vendor.We are very dissapointed that Johnson & Johnson no longer offers the Vitamin E and Aloe formula baby powder , and can not understand why Johnson & Johnson does not tell their consumer 's through advertisements when they change formulas?Believe it or not Johnson & Johnson , some of your customers DO care what is in the products you sell us and we check the labels and packaging for surprise changes!Be careful what you order on Amazon . As in our situation , the photo may be what you want but you might get something else entirely , and in medicinal products that could be catastrophic .
 I ordered a couple of these thinking that the sellers were selling the powder that is pictured and described in the description . I received my order today and lo and behold the powder I received is NOT the old version of the Johnson 's Medicated Baby Powder -LRB- as pictured above -RRB- but the new version that does NOT contain Aloe & Vitamin E. I ordered from Sam 's Online , so if anyone is thinking that this particular seller might have some of the old powder in-stock let me save you both time and money .
 This is the older product in the picture , which is better , that has been replaced by a cornstarch powder . It is misleading .
 I ordered the green retro courier bag that was advertised photographically on Amazon with certain features . I was disappointed to find that upon receiving the bag that it was not exactly like the bag that was advertised . It did not have the features I bought it for -LRB- the side zip-up pockets -RRB- . It appeared the bag was an older or earlier model that did not have the features that were advertised . Not happy with the order and returned it .
 The bag seems good . The problem is that I have received the wrong one twice and had to send it back both times . Amazon appears to have the orange bags stocked where they should have the red ones and becasue they do n't seem to pay attention when packing ; they put a sticker on the orange bag that says it 's red and ship it out . Only time I 've gotten really poor service from Amazon , but this has been really poor .
 we ended up returning this one and purchasing a Columbia diaper bag as at babies r us with the warranty -LRB- heard sometimes zippers are an issue , but not on ours yet -RRB- . the Columbia one is black and super lightweight and has a strap both hubby and i can put over our heads like a messenger bag .
 I 've had this bag for the last 7 months . Its been in constant use for about 5 months . I have to say I am disappointed in this bag . Space wise , it fits everything we need to carry with us for a day or even a weekend away . However It already has a hole in it from where a handle pulls at the seam when I lift it . Its definitely not going to last until the munchkin was out of diapers . Totally bummed .
 We got this diaper bag for our first child mainly because my husband is the stay-at-home dad and and I wanted him to feel comfortable walking around with the diaper bag . While the bag looks cool , and lasted for the first three months of our son 's life , I 've been overall disappointed with the size , feeling like we needed to fight with the bag to close it every time we went everywhere , and yesterday was the final straw when the shoulder strap broke in the middle of the sidewalk . I think this bag is just not meant to be a primary diaper bag . It 's difficult to fit everything you need in your primary diaper bag and still close both straps . I often found myself just closing one strap and letting the other hang to make it work . This will probably work as a `` dad bag '' where you 're packing the bare essentials for a father/baby outing , but I would n't recommend it as an everyday use bag .
 This is a good looking diaper bag and holds most everything we need . The problem is that it is very cheaply made . Like another reviewer posted , there is a hole in the back of the bag where the seam ripped out after picking it up by the handle . We 've only been using this diaper bag for about 6 months , but this hole appeared after only a couple months of using . This bag probably wo n't last until our daughter 's first birthday since the hole in the back keeps getting larger.Also , the wipe holder no longer stays closed and is essentially useless now . We just throw our own pack of wipes in the bag now.We are pretty disappointed in this item .
 These are terrible ! Not only are they bad for the environment but my 10-month-old had it off the table , crumpled up and on the floor before I could put down the first cheerio . It was time consuming and cumbersome to peel off all four sticky strips on the back side of the placemat . Then , happy fingers barely let me get it in place before it was being ripped up . I suggest you go for a more durable placemat like the TinyDiner Portable Placemat by Kiddopotamus .
 could not even try it it did n't fit on our crib . looks like a good idea .
 Wow , what a poor , poor product ! Once I determined how to install the batteries as there were none in the box -LRB- meaning someone else had returned this to the store -RRB- , I found that I was not able to employ any of the control buttons on the display ! Also shame on babies r us for simply restocking this item after someone had returned it for the same problem . They simply threw it back out on the shelf !!
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SON FOR HIS FIRST CHRISTMAS AND WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!!!! I WOULD HAVE RATED IT A 0 BUT THEY DO N'T ALLOW IT . I ALSO WOULD RATE THE CUSTOMER SERVICE AT FIRST YEARS A ZERO . I CALLED THEM TO TALK ABOUT THE FACT THAT I DO N'T REALLY USE THE CD PLAYER BUT FOR 15 MINS A COUPLE OF NIGHTS A WEEK AND ONLY HAD IT FOR A MONTH AND HAD TO CHANGE THE BATTERIES 3 TIMES AND THEY TOLD ME TO GO BUY RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES AND BATTERY CHARGER . I TOLD THEM I DID N'T THINK I SHOULD HAVE TO DO ALL THAT AND THEY SAID THAT S THEY 'RE ONLY ADVISE . THEY WOULD NOT REFUND MY MONEY FOR THE PRODUCT BUT ARE AWARE PEOPLE HAVE BEEN COMPLAINING ABOUT THIS AND ARE HAVING THEY 'RE ENGINEERS LOOK INTO IT . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!! BUY A REGULAR ONE YOU CAN SIT ON THE DRESSER I WISH I HAD !! I WISH MORE COMPANIES WOULD STAND BEHIND THEY 'RE PRODUCTS !! IF YOU DO N'T BELIEVE ME HOW BAD THIS PRODUCT IS I WILL SELL YOU MINE CHEAP !!!!!!!!!!!
 My CD only played occasionally and when it did it would skip . Also I still have n't found out how to get the cover off to change the battery .
 We bought this cd player when our little one was about four months old -LRB- October 2007 or so -RRB- and this thing has had problem all over the place ! It skips if you barely even hit it , which is pretty annoying . It 's had issues like not playing when you fast forward to another song or stops playing for no reason -LRB- batteries were brand new -RRB- . Finally the thing was acting all strange just before the holidays and then finally just stopped working all together . It would spin the cd but never play anything . So we are going to spend a little more money and just buy a compact table top cd player that will be around a while . Do n't waste a cent on this one !
 We bought this for our daughter 's crib . It skips EVERY CD I put in it , even brand new ones ... Nice idea , but not worth it !
 Terrible product ! Do n't waste your money . Worked for about a week - then started skipping . Tried different CD 's , new batteries , etc. . Ended up in the trash . Called ` the first years ' costumer service - no answer . There are other products available that cost half the price and work much better .
 I 'm a music junkie , and I 'm determined to pass this particular affliction down to my son . So , when I found this crib-mounted CD player I had to have it ! I loved the concept , but once put into use , I was disappointed . My experience and opinions : * Poor battery life , and the battery compartment is difficult to access . * The brackets that that hold the player onto the crib are made of the same hard plastic as the rest of the player . If you have a crib like we do with a painted finish , beware of scratches . I 've lined them with felt . * Inconsistent play with `` burned '' CDs . * Overall the product feels a bit cheap.Some of this could be overlooked if it was n't a $ 50 product . That 's a lot of cash for a very basic CD player.A thoughtful product . Someone at First Years was thinking out of the box , but ultimately at this price point I expected more .
 This product plays mediocre music and eats through batteries at a rate I have never witnessed before . I am not kidding when I say we replace the 2 `` C '' batteries at least weekly when all we do is play one CD as our child is falling asleep . Just because this product is marketed toward kids , does n't mean there are n't other options . Unless you need something that attaches to the railing of a crib , there are better table top CD players available .
 This is a very nice item to have in the Nursery . be advised that you will use lots of batteries for this item .
 I wanted it because it is so convenient looking for travel and saves space hanging on the crib . It is cheaply made , the plastic and the buttons feel as if they will fall apart.The picture on the box showed a repeat button . The CD player in the box does not have a repeat button so you can not run the CD player continuously.I do n't know why people are complaining about the batteries , every parent with young children and all those gadgets they have should have a supply of rechargeable batteries !
 I thought this was going to be an excellent item for my newborn son to listen to music while going to sleep at night , BUT ... It eats batteries and the volume is so low that we can not even use it during the day when he is playing in his crib . The idea and concept is great but the quality is terrible . I would not recommend it to anyone . A small plug in unit is your best bet !
 We purchased this CD player for one of our twins who is very sick in the NICU . He is very sensitive to noise and with all the talking and alarms , we thought music would give him a soothing distraction . We placed this CD player right in his isolette about 4 '' from his head with the volume all the way up and still could n't hear it ! For that price , I returned it . It 's a shame because I really think music would be nice for him but can not find an alternative battery operated CD player .
 Boy , what a great product this would be if it did n't go through batteries like I go through the crab legs at the Panda Buffet ! The darn thing does n't have a shut off button either . So , when you press play you better be there at 4am to shut her off when the CD stops or there goes that set of ten dollar batteries . The Cd player also has a problem with skipping so do n't touch or hit it , just let it do it 's thing .
 I bought this item only to return it less than a week later . This is one of the most poorly thought out and designed items that I have ever bought.Hope you do n't have an active baby - the CD skips at the slightest motion.Hope you like to buy lots of batteries - I have NEVER had an item go through batteries as quickly as this did!Hope your child does n't wake easily - the poor design of the tiny function buttons makes usage awkward and cumbersome.Hope your child has super hearing - it is impossible to hear the music -LRB- which is actually a blessing , because the music sounds like it is being played in a tin can -RRB- . Buy a regular CD player and put it in your child 's room .
 What a waste of money . It sounds like the CD 's are playing from inside of a tin-can . Please save your money or buy/register for a normal desktop CD-Player with a remote control that you can turn off from the door when the baby is asleep .
 This item is not top quality . I do n't have too many of this company 's other products , so if this is an example of their quality than I do n't think I will . First off the cover does not open without popping off the hinge and needing to be reattached , the batteries only lasted through two cd 's , the volume does n't get very high , and it does n't even fit on the side of our crib . Being in the baby business they should know that not all crib 's are made the same . You are much better off just getting a simple boom box that play 's cd 's .
 I thought this would be a great idea . So when we found out we were having twins i ran out and bought 2 of them . We started to put the nurserys together and when it came time to put these on they wouldnt fit . I didnt want to stratch the crib rails up so we took them back . When we did try to play a cd in them it skipped . We ended up just buying small cd/radio players for each of their room because this is something they can both use for a long time .
 Yes , it seemed like a great idea . However , the sound quality is atrocious -LRB- no highs or lows , the peaks and valleys of the sound waves are chopped off -RRB- and it sounds like the music is coming out of a tin can , the maximum volume is still very quiet , the timer , should you choose to have it on , turns the player off after only about 2 minutes , the light is very dim and the batteries drain quickly . I realized after owning it that it 's just a novelty concept ; why have a cd player on the side of the crib ? It 's not like the baby needs to have access to the controls . It just ends up getting in the way , anyway .
 I was very surprised when I used this item for the first time esp . considering the cost . The CD player volume is extremely low even on the highest setting and to make it worse the company has put the speaker exactly were the bar on the crib goes when it is attached to the crib making the music even harder to hear . I realize that a baby 's music should n't be too loud but I like to walk around the room at night when my baby is fussy and listen to the music and it is impossible to hear . It is only good if the baby is already asleep right near the player in the crib . For th $ it is much better buying a regular CD player for the room instead and then you can use it for later uses as well .
 I had wanted a CD player that would play lullabies for my son to help him relax and go to sleep . I returned this player 3 times before completely giving up on it . Every model I brought home failed to play an entire CD . It did n't matter whether it was sitting on a table or mounted on the side of the crib . It would stutter , skip , or just plain stop.For the same price , I bought a great little colorful Sony boom box with a ton of features that has n't missed a beat . What 's even better - it will be useful to my son when he is old enough to play his own CDs and carry it around - a much better investment .
 This product was a waste of good money . The sound quality is poor and the volume is low even when turned all the way up . It eats through C batteries and it is difficult to change the batteries-the back is hard to remove and you need a screw driver . While this is a good safety feature , it is a pain for parents considering the short battery life . It only attached to the front or back of my crib -LRB- not the sides -RRB- , which meant that I had to have it skipping as I put the front of the crib up , or hard to reach against the back wall -LRB- the control panel should face the outside of the crib -RRB- . The cover over the display buttons was easy to manipulate by my 6 month old and she was able to reach them and push them . Also , the CD player skips at the slightest movement . This means that the minute your little one can sit or pull up you might as well remove it . You can try setting it on a nightstand next to the crib , but then your baby will probably not hear it from that distance . I finally bought a small boombox for the nursery and got rid of this thing .
 I simply love the idea of having a CD player by the crib . Music really soothes the babies -LRB- I have twin boys -RRB- and they love it.I was so excited when I got it at my baby shower and it was the first gift I opened , but what a disappointment it was !!! It skips very frequently , sometimes it does n't even turn on , the sound has no quality and it consumes so much batteries that I probably spent money enough to buy a good sound system.Problem is that I was so excited I threw away the box , otherwise I would return it !
 After changing the batteries on this CD player for the umpteenth time in six months , I feel compelled to write a review ... This CD player is a good concept , but I would recommend parents to just get a small plug-in unit instead . This player eats batteries as if they were chocolate . Also , the volume does n't go up very high -- presumably because you do n't want to hurt baby 's ears -- so it 's not really loud enough to listen to sing-alongs when you 're playing in the room . I would n't call it `` junk , '' but it 's not really a sound investment either .
 I recieved the CD player at my shower , and loved it . But had to go through batteries every week . So I am taking it back and getting one that plugs in .
 As someone who loves music , I thought a cd player in the crib was a great idea to introduce baby to different types of music , and play lullabies for her when she 's cranky.This cd player comes short in meeting those goals . Poor sound quality and insufficient volume . If a cd has a speck of dust on it , the player wo n't recognize the cd and gives an error message . Finally , it ... batteries dry very quickly ... we get 2 to 3 full cd plays before we have to replace the batteries.In an age when cd players are inexpensive , you would think that a cd player in the crib is a no-brainer . Think again .
 We 're working on our second unit now . Both of them eat up the batteries like there 's no tomorrow . The sound is terrible , even at a lower volume . The second unit that we got worked for about a day or two and now just shows an error message when you press play . My husband and I have had it ! It 's too bad Babies ` R ' Us does n't sell boom boxes . That is what we 're going to use instead of this . What a shame and a waste of money .
 I got this product as a gift and was thrilled to be able to play soothing nature sounds and lullabies for my son . Two days later the unit was out of batteries . If they wanted to make this product better , they should install an AC adaptor . As is , do n't waste your money . You can get a small CD player for the same amount of money . I plan on returning this item .
 I MUST SAY I WAS PRETTY EXCITED WHEN I SAW THIS AND I WANTED IT FOR MY NEW BABY . WHEN I WAS SETTING UP HIS NURSERY I PUT IT UP AND THRU THE BOX AWAY -LRB- BIG MISTAKE -RRB- AND AFTER HE WAS BORN WE PLAYED AROUND WITH IT A BIT . IT USES BATTERIES UP SO QUICKLY , THE LIGHT IS REALLY NOT VERY IMPRESSIVE , THE CD SKIPS ALL THE TIME , THE PLASTIC COVER THAT GOES OVER THE CONTROLS DOES NOT MOVE SMOOTHLY . YOU WOULD BE BETTER OFF BUYING A CUTE LITTLE BOOMBOX AT THE STORE ... I HAVE HAD BETTER PRODUCTS FOR 5 DOLLARS AT BIG LOTS . REALLY !! SO TAKE MY ADVICE ... BUY A LITTLE RADIO FOR YOUR CHILDS ROOM THAT HAS A CD AND TAPE PLAYER . THEN YOU WILL STILL HAVE MONEY LEFT OVER FOR DIAPERS ... . I AM GLAD THIS WAS A GIFT AND I DIDNT SPEND MONEY LIKE THAT ! ...
 What a great idea - play CDs for your baby instead of the grating MIDI noise from kid toys . Unfortunately this product is a disaster . First - the company put in the cheapest possible speaker . I am not kidding . My laptop has better speakers . You can barely make out the music . Second , there is no skip protection -LRB- which EVERY portable CD player has , these days -RRB- , so the slightest jostle skips the CD . Third , it EATS batteries and there is no AC Adapter option . Seriously , save your money and get a boom box or traditional portable CD player with external speakers . You will be sorry if you buy this .
 When I became pregnant with my second child I was so excited to see a crib cd player ! I would n't have to find a place to put it on a shelf or find one that ` matched ' -LRB- impossible ! -RRB- . BUT ... this thing goes through BATTERIES soooooo fast ! It is definitely not worth the price unless it has a plug attachment as well as the battery option for travel . It is so frustrating ! Oh , and this was my second one ... the first broke within a day .
 My husband and I were so excited to receive this gift , but have been really disappointed . Most of the time the CD fails to play and an error message is displayed . I have had to press play about 6 times to get it to work ! The player is also very sensitive to movement . Simply putting my baby in the crib causes the player to skip . Finally , every time I try to advance to another track , an error message appears so I can only listen to a CD from beginning to end . Not worth the money at all - spend your money on a boom box for the nursery instead
 We thought this sounded like a great product and quickly purchased this for our baby girl 's use on her crib but it was a BIG mistake . Where to start ... The CD player is n't well made at all and skips very easily . The night light feature was very DIM and weird . The player really eats up batteries and it is hard to operate -- we 're taking it back and getting a regular CD player for her room . I wouldnt recommend this to anyone because in the end it is a huge waste of money . There are other products out there that could do the same for a lot less and will in the end last longer .
 I HATED this product ! I absolutely HAD to have it , and I was so excited about receiving it at my shower . Boy , what a let down . This thing eats thru batteries like nobody 's business ! If you are playing a CD , make sure you or your baby does n't so much as tap the side of the crib or the CD will skip . You need BOTH hands to open the safety cover and the light , even though it was very dim , kept my baby occupied and stimulated staring at it because it was so close to her!I 'm all for soothing music and lullabyes , but I 'd say wait until they improve on the product itself before making this purchase ! I put a regular old radio/CD player in the room and I 'm much more satisfied with that .
 I was having trouble getting my son to sleep and lullabys seemed to help . So when I saw this advertised at my local Babies R Us I was thrilled . To my utter disappointment , this product is a piece of junk ! The fisrt player I bought never worked , so I returned it and got another one . That player worked but only for half an hour and then the brand new batteries were dead ! My advice is to save your money and buy a traditional portable CD player that can be plugged in , does n't skip and actually works !! Just so you know - the second player was returned for a refund !!
 How about this : The sound is flat . The batteries do n't last long . It skips when the batteries start going , which of course is pretty much right away . -LRB- Aside from the fact that I do n't think anyone should attach things like this to a crib unless you want your baby to rely on music every night to get her to sleep . -RRB- I use it as a table top player for the pre-bedtime routine and my son now imitates the sound of a lullabye song skipping.STAY AWAY ! Thanks .
 Ignoring the multitude of negative reviews on Amazon , I purchased this for our child . This CD player is a complete waste of money . First , the sound is so low at maximum volume that it is audible only in the very quietest of times . No screaming baby is going to be even touched by its effect - which defeats the major purpose of calming a baby . Second , the player is so designed that if you have a sleeper other than a crib with slats , the sound will be completely muffled , worsening its already low volume . Third , the system of hooking the player onto the crib rail is iffy at best . A small knock and it will fall off , either onto the infant or the floor . Fourthly , the unit visibly and tangibly vibrates when playing a cd . It is flabbergasting that a reputed company like `` The First Years '' could market such a disappointment . This CD player is going back to Amazon , even though I will have to pay for S&H both ways .
 This product is awful !!! Poor button navigation , battery life , design , you name it . Not to mention lousy sound quality.You learn things after you have a child . Fumbling for buttons at the wrong time becomes a lesson in frustraton.Save yourself and get a twenty dollar anything-other-than-this CD player . It 's over priced `` baby gear '' you can live without !
 I received this as a gift , but should have returned it . It was difficult to open and get the batteries in . The worst was that it only played a few times before the batteries wore out . Save your money and get a CD player that plugs in .
 CD Player volume is not very loud at all ... Our player skips all the time ... Base is hard to open and close . This product is not worth your money !!! I would not even give 1 star unless I had too .
 A good idea , but a bad product . The sound quality is horrible and the CD skips . It does n't have an AC adaptor so be prepared to use lots of batteries ! We removed ours right away and returned it to the store !
 We saw this at the store and added it to our registry thinking it was the greatest thing ! Well we got it as a shower gift an tried it out . First of all it says it fits any crib and it did not fit well on ours . . We got it to fit , then every time we touched the crib it would skip . if I walked to hard on the floor it skipped . HOW ANNOYING not to mention that the sound quality is poor and I just thought it was plain awful .
 I thought this player was great -- it is a nice space saver . I had it on the crib and it played fine . I did n't have the volume issues others wrote about -- the volume adjusted fine for me . It would have been a great product had it not stopped working - for no reason . It 's dead . I did go through lots of batteries - but that would have been the case with any cd player I believe . Too bad -- I have to return it since it no longer works .
 The thing functions okay , although I have n't figured out whether or not the timer helps or hinders matters . I know that no matter whether it plays all the time or the timer is set , this cd player uses up batteries faster than anything I 've ever witnessed , and this is my third child ! I would not invest in this product again . A simple boom box on the dresser would have produced the same results and would have been more versatile . I 'm normally a fan of first years products , but this one does n't cut it .
 This CD player looks attractive , so I registered and received as a gift . It never worked correctly . I always got an error message , and nothing in the directions tell you about this message . I exchanged it for another one and the same thing happened as soon as I got it home ! The light is worthless , the sound is very quiet . I took the second one back and bought a combo CD/Tape player for half the price . It does n't hook onto the crib , but it works and without batteries .
 If I could give this piece of junk a zero I would ! Just buy yourself a small boombox and place it near the crib and save your money . We purchased this and returned/exchanged it 3 times just hoping that it was a fluke .1 . Sound level is Way wAy waY too low2 . Sucks batteries down like a cheap hooker and then getting to the compartment just to switch them out is like fort knox3 . Skips on just the smallest of scratches or bumps4 . Over priced5 . The cover that closes over the cd hardly opens . The first time when I tried to get it open -LRB- just enough to get my hand in -RRB- it snapped off .
 I bought this because I thought it would be great to save on space , but it did n't fit on my Babi Italia crib - seems to only fit on cribs with the thin railings . It was also very difficult to open - I could n't get the cover to open and it was even hard for my husband . For $ 50 we can get a much better sounding CD player .
 I purchased the First Years CD player . I used it for 2 months and then it stopped playing . The CD would spin , but there was no sound . I returned it to the store for another one and as soon as I brought that one home it did the same thing . My husband and I both tried several things to rule out it was the batteries or a `` user '' issue . I called First Years to report the problem and the service representative was very unhelpful and her only advice to us was to chanege the batteries or adjust the volume . As if we had n't tried it !
 Our first one stopped working in a few days after we brought the baby home . We exchanged it for a new one and that lasted one month before breaking . The light still works , but the CD portion is junk . DO N't waste your money . Get a cheap boom box or alarm clock w / cd player and plug it into the wall .
 Not loud enough ! Shuts off after cd is played , I wanted a repeat button . CD skips alot , light is too dim . The positive point is that it clips nicely to the crib .
 I thought this was going to be a great item compared to the older version which only played nature sounds . I liked that I could either play music or my own nature cds . However , my 12 month old figured out how to move the player back and forth on the crib rail and eventually how to remove the player from the rail . This allowed him to remove it and stand on it in his crib or to throw it out onto the floor . I found it amazing that the player did not lock into place and therefore caused a safety hazard . I would not recommend this item to anyone . I would suggest investing your money into a small cd/radio for the dresser top .
 I thought this was going to be an excellent CD player since it is made by The First Years . We use music throughout the day in our baby 's room and thought this would be a good CD player to do that with . However , it went through batteries so quickly that it just was n't worth it . I found myself having to change batteries every other day . Also the buttons/volume dial are very small and hard to adjust . We also found that this CD player skipped often or would give error messages for no apparent reason . The idea of having an attachable crib CD player with a night light is great , but this one 's quality is terrible . I would not recommend it to anyone . I went to The First Years website , registered our purchase of this item , and posted how we felt about the poor workmanship of this item . We never received any reply or offer for a refund . Do n't waste your money on this CD player . I recommend a small CD unit that you can plug in near the crib .
 I registered for this item because I thought it would come in handy despite the negative reviews I had read . I should have listened to my gut instinct . the player only worked a total of 3 seconds and when I called the 800 number they said just take it back , like they knew the item was defective and they were used to hearing about it . I exchanged it for the tape player and that did n't work at all so back to the store I go . Do n't waste your time or your money .
 I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing the product . I was actually looking for another CD type player online when I saw the reviews -- which are right on target . I purchased one unit , only for it to work once . I returned it and got another unit -- only for it to work for about 2 days . Save your money !!
 already reviewed this product , but just read some more reviews . To those that want to return it , but do not have a receipt - CALL FIRST YEARS ! I have returned two without a receipt , and the shipping was FREE ! Do not bother with returning to the store . The store generally just puts your defective product back on the shelf to sell to another unlucky consumer . First Years is a good company and they need to know how bad their product really is . If they have to keep paying for replacement products and shipping regularly maybe they will just recall this hunk of junk like they should have months ago .
 If I could rate this product a `` 0 '' I would . This product design on this item is extremely poor . I am on my second unit -LRB- both brand new -RRB- and have had the same luck with both . The main problem is that the cds skip constantly -- even when the unit is NOT bumped . The result is far from relaxing . Remember those old diskmen that skipped constantly because they did n't have internal baffling ? This is just like that . I even followed the protocol for cleaning unit # 2 -LRB- per the company 's instructions -RRB- before giving up on it . The cleaning made no difference with the skipping . I 'm surprised that this product remains on the market considering it 's poor design . I 've decided I am getting a regular cd/cassette player jambox to set next to the crib.I have to say that I read all of the negative reviews first , and ignored them because I wanted this product -LRB- or at least the concept of it -RRB- so badly . For once , I should 've listened to others ' advice .
 The Crib CD player hardly ever works , and if it does , it goes through a set of batteries with each CD you play . I definatly do not recommend anyone buying this product
 This product has little knobs under the cover that can easily break off if you have a curious toddler.Do not buy this product . A CD player on a nightstand is just as effective at soothing a baby to sleep . There is no need to have the safety of your baby sacrificed for this `` unneccessary '' little gadget
 While the concept of this product is good , since it is not built to accomodate the new style cribs with wider sides and trim , my wife and I returned this immediately . Instead of buying this unit that requires batteries , I would recommend spending the $ 50 on a CD/Alarm clock -LRB- Sony makes a nice one -RRB- - now you can play your CDs and , since it plugs in , you do n't need to go through batteries . This will also last a lot longer for your child .
 I saw this unit advertised in one of the Babies R Us catalogs and I talked for weeks about getting it . Since the closest store to us is still about 30 miles away , it took me a while to actually get it . I was so excited , came right home and installed it . And to my utter disappointment , the unit was a piece of junk . I tried several CDs on it , but it would only play them if the unit was laying down -LRB- not hanging from the crib side -- what 's the point ! -RRB- . And when it would finally catch on and start playing , it would skip like crazy . I 'm making another trip to the store to return this tomorrow . What a disappointment !
 i have now exchanged this item three times . it skips constantly . i would not recommend it to anyone .
 I had triplets and bought 3 of these . I ended up returning each one , multiple times . The buttons broke easily , it constantly skipped and consumed endless batteries . On the flip side , the kids loved the music .
 I purchased this item at an additional 30 % off the `` clearance price '' thinking this was a great deal regardless of the quality . Wrong . I returned it . I will buy a regular CD player that actually has sound and can be controlled from afar while baby is sleeping . Save your money and invest in a regular CD player . Baby will love you for it .
 I ca n't even figure out how to put the batteries in
 The second day of use I started to get `` ER '' when I pressed play . So you have to play this game of start . . stop . . start . . to try and get it to play . So I exchanged it . BTW - Great customer service at First Years . Same thing happened to the new one . Now just the light works and the I ca n't get the CD player to do anything . We are now using my clock radio CD player which he 'll be able to use through college if he wants for half the price.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ... TRUST ME ON THIS ONE !!
 First off , it skips all the time . While I was trying to pat my baby 's back , I bumped the crib and it skipped . While I was across the room rocking her in the rocker , it skipped . 2/3 times it would give me an error message . And when it would work , it would have an error message within 5 minutes later . After exchanging it for a new one and getting the same results I called the manf . and they told me to try some things . I cleaned it -LRB- although it was brand new -RRB- and put another set of NEW batteries in it and it still did n't work . To sum it up , if I could rate this at 0 stars I would . I am buy a regular radio . ...
 The batteries seem to die every few days ! It happens so often that we run out of batteries and then the CD player sits , useless , for long periods of time until we get around to getting new batteries . We 've hardly gotten to assess the rest of the features because it 's been useless more often than it 's been useful . I would n't recommend this product unless you have a LIFETIME supply of batteries handy .
 we have had this product since our child went into a crib . the music was fine in the early years , and the product presented few challenges . ever since our daughter could pull herself up and fumble with the device , it has been a little dicey.today was the very worse , as our inquisitive daughter got her finger stuck in the back where the attachment clips go . it turned out to be some trauma of dis lodging her finger , but it truly could have easily been a broken or amputated finger within minutes of our arrival . this has to be reviewed for safety sakes . it is truly a terrible accident waiting to happen
 We had this unit given to us as a shower gift . Was n't thrilled because it required changing batteries every week and was very sensitive to skipping , but it did its purpose to soothe the baby to sleep with lullaby music . Our baby is now 13 mos . and we had n't realized that he has been picking at the clips that secure it to the railing . Just yesterday we found he had finally managed to break off a piece and almost choked on it ! We do not recommend this to be placed in a crib after your child has learned to sit up . . We have written to the company to have this put on the product info . Anyone who has this should remove it once the baby sits up ! We would n't want any other parent to have to scoop a chunk of plastic out of your toddlers mouth .
 I agree with the maority of reviews . This CD player didnt work longer than a week and skipped constantly . The volume was so low you could hardly hear the music.I wouldnt suggest purchasing this CD player . We ended up buying one at Target for $ 240 that we could set on the nightstand and actually worked .
 What a disappointment ! We were so grateful to receive this at a baby shower - it was something we really wanted . However , it did not live up to expectations . The sound quality was awful - very , very quiet even on the highest volume setting and , even worse , extreme static . I exchanged it for another one thinking that maybe the first was defective but had the same problems . For such an expensive item the quality is very poor.We ended up ordering the Fisher Price Tape Player online and it is really wonderful . We love it - buy it instead , better quality and cheaper !
 We registered for this CD player and received it . It did n't fit on the siderails of our crib , which in reading about the choking incident , I am thankful for . We put it on the dresser instead and used it several times a week for the first two months . Then all of a sudden it started making this very loud static sound intermittently . It was so loud it would startle my son . Not good when I was trying to sooth him with calming music . I put in fresh batteries and tried several new CD 's and it kept doing the same thing . I finally took it back to Babies R Us . I was told that they no longer carry this item so they refunded the money and gave me store credit . For $ 40 this was cheaply made - the CD cover was nearly impossible to open as was the battery compartment . I was willing to deal with those issues , but not the sound issues . It 's a good concept , but poorly designed and made . I recommend purchasing a better CD player that will last longer . I 've looked online and many larger stores -LRB- like Target -RRB- have CD players for the same price or even less .
 Got it as a shower gift thinking it was a great idea but it does n't adjust enough to fit our crib railings . I think it was made for very thin out of fashion cribs cause I do n't see how this can fit any crib that I am aware of . Our is a convertible crib .
 This CD player is a choking hazard . There are two plastic tabs on top that will snap off if pushed by curious baby fingers.Even if you keep it on a tabletop , it does n't play CD-Rs so you ca n't burn iTunes mixes to CD for your baby .
 I ca n't believe they charge so much money for something of such poor quality . . first years is ripping you off ! its super junky quality plastic , seems to be really easy to break , really loud CD opening compartment , everything about it plus what everyone else said . . this should only sell for about 20.00 and i 've seen the MSRP all the way up to 60.00 !!!!! this is in no way worth that much money by any stretch of the imagination . Of course you got ta check to see if it will even fit on your crib depending on the type of side rails you have . just save your time and buy a regular cd player that has better durability and higher quality , it 'll last longer anyway . this is junk .
 This is perhaps the worst baby item I have ever bought . The volume on this player is so low we could n't even here it on the highest setting once it was attached to the crib . Completely useless item !
 I had to add my two cents about this product - I am so disappointed in it . I received it as a gift at a baby shower , and I thought it was really neat . However , the first one I had did not work at all , and had to be returned to the company . They sent me a replacement . It worked fine , but the batteries would only last for MAYBE a week . I used it perhaps two times with my first baby.In addition to the fact that the batteries need to be replaced constantly , the design of the product is a pain too . It is just plain difficult to change the CDs , and the buttons on the controls are tiny . Anyone who has a baby knows that any product you use for the first few months needs to be operable with just one hand.If you want to play CDs in the nursery , go to a discount store and buy a $ 15 CD player that will sit on the dresser . This one is a total waste of money .
 I really wanted this CD player . Great concept , easy to put on crib , I want baby exposed to music , esp . developmental , and it looks good in the room.BUT , the light is TOO dim . Sure you do n't want a bright light over the crib , but it only spots lights one 6in area for me , and WORSE YET , it does not glow up the buttons , so you can not see what you are doing and have to turn on additional lights anyway.The player does NOT open up easy and requires two hands and a struggle each time to get a disc in.And on it 's HIGHEST volume , the music is very low , one disc , is barely audible and ca n't be played at all . If you have a ceiling fan + ac going -LRB- I live in Phoenix where it got up to 117 a few times this summer and you need all things going all the time -RRB- , you can not hear the music.I still do n't hate it . I like the look , the convenience of placement , the ability not to have to lug a bigger cd player into the room , but for $ 50 , plus it was shipped to me so more like $ 65 , it was not unreasonable to expect so much more .
 I was really excited when I got this because I thought that it was a great idea . However , after taking it out of the box and trying it out , I realized the concept is great , the quality is n't . When I opened the plastic cover so I could have access to the buttons , all was good and in great shape . When I pressed the play button , the button broke . I pressed stop and took my CD out . When I closed the cover over the buttons , the latches broke , so the cover would n't stay closed.The quality of this item is poor . I took mine back and the person who handled my return said that they get a lot of them back and are no longer going to carry them . You would be a lot better off just buying a little portable CD player and a separate night light .
 Worst baby product I purchased , I should have just purchased a portable cd player . This product constantly eats batteries , it skips and the volume low . I would not recommend purchasing this product .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , YOU WILL BE UTTERLY DISAPOINTED !!! I wanted this CD player for a very long time so I bought it a few days ago and it totally stinks . The CDs skip when the crib is bumped or just when the baby kicks . The plastic cover that protects the button does not lock or unlock into place easily and the sound is muffled because the bumber pad covers the speaker . The design was not thought out at all .
 Do n't waste your money on this item . It easily breaks . Worst of all , the sound quality is for the birds . You would be better off purchasing an alram clock radio with a CD player . You can keep track of time -LRB- as you monitor feedings every 2-3 hours -RRB- and utilize a CD player that can continuously play music with excellent sound quailty . We returned this item as soon as we heard the poor sound quality .
 Yikes ! Unfortunately , my sister had this piece of junk on her baby 's crib and we were shocked to discover that it cost $ 50.00 -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- . It had terrible sound , ate batteries like there was no tomorrow and was very flimsy . Why would anyone buy this item ? Why not just buy a regular CD/Clock Radio ? It can be plugged in and when baby outgrows his crib you can still keep and use the cd player on his/her dresser . It 's better to buy CD player with long term use in mind , so invest your $ $ in a better CD player that can be used for years to come , not just the baby , crib & toddler years .
 Yup , FOUR times ! Thank goodness Babies R Us has a great return policy ! I recommend saving the box if you do indeed decide to buy this piece of junk.There was nothing good about it in our opinion . It 's a cool concept , but cheaply made . It 's flimsy , it skips 9 out of 10 times , it eats batteries up within a few hours . It also has a lowsy volume control/speaker system . Yes , I know it 's a babies CD player , but for $ 50 -LRB- which is ridiculous -RRB- , should n't it have some stereo sound to it?SO , thumbs down for this product . And if you must buy it or get it as a gift , save that box so you can keep returning it to Babies R Us !
 Recently my daughter had a terrible choking incident and I wanted to share this with everyone that may have the item she choked on !!!! We have a Crib CD Player w / Nightlight by The First Years on Emma 's crib . I put her down for a nap and all was well . About 11/2 hours later I heard Emma coughing . No big deal , right ? I let her cough for a few seconds thinking she was `` just coughing . '' I glanced over at the VIDEO monitor and saw her flapping her arms and throwing her head while coughing . I realized this was n't a normal cough . So I began to run to her room . I found her laying in her crib , eyes and mouth wide open and her arms stiff and stretched upward . I grabbed her , turned her over my leg and started to perform back blows . After 4 or 5 back blows I looked at Emma and she was still not breathing . I flipped her back over and continued back blows . I felt like I was breaking my daughter 's back.After several more back blows I watched in disbelief as this tiny plastic piece flew out of her mouth . She then began to cry like I 've never heard before . Thank you Lord !!! Well , after calming down and making sure Emma was okay , I determined that it was a plastic piece was from the Crib CD player . Emma is 11 months old and was able to manipulate a sliding plastic cover down -LRB- which covers the play , pause , etc buttons -RRB- which then exposed two little white `` knobs '' on the top of the player . She then simple bent off the plastic knob and into the mouth it went . I bent off the other knob to see if it was difficult or not . Is was VERY easy !! No pressure needed at all !!!!! The plastic is so thin that it literally bent off.I called The First Years ... twice ! They continued to tell me that a child under 2 years of age should n't be able to manipulate this product.I was pleading with this woman to invesigate the product for a possible recall . I told her that if my 11month old could do it , it would only be a matter of time before another child under 2 would do it!I then explained to this woman that had I not had a VIDEO monitor , I would have simply thought my daughter was coughing and ignored it ! Only to find my daughter dead in her crib.The woman finally agreed to send me a label to mail the crib CD Player to them to `` look at . '' It has been over 11/2 weeks and no label . I called again . I spoke to the same woman who told me her supervisor was on vacation and she is the only one that can send out a free mailing label . I stressed to her that my child was okay and that I did n't want anything from the company except to recall this product . I told her that not every parent knows CPR and that while her supervisor was off enjoying the finer things in life , a mother might find her precious child dead in their crib . I then offered to overnight the CD Player at my expense to them so they could get their red tape and procedures moving . She said , `` No , they had steps to follow and that a label would be sent to me when the supervisor returned from vacation . '' No address was allowed to be given to me on where to send the CD Player and I was n't allowed to know when the supervisor would return.So ... end of story ... thus far ! This company is absolutely unbelieveable!So I wanted everyone to know what happened and to tell you to get this product out of your child 's crib . I 'm not so sure I 'll ever purchaseThe First Years product line again ! They obviously do n't care aboutour children over the almighty buck!P.S . My next letter will be to the video monitor company thanking them for developing an amazing product that obviously has the potential to save lives .
 While this is a nice product , I ended up returning it for several reasons
 Gave this as a gift for my grandchild ... she loves the music , but only after two days , music would n't play , called the company and now I have to return it . Will have to buy another kind of cd player to soothe my granddaughter .
 This CD player seemed like a great idea , but then lasted exactly one week before completely breaking -- the play switch stuck and the motor just kept spinning , without playing the CD . Only taking out the battery stopped it , but it does n't seem fixable . Now we have an old boom box in the baby 's room , which works just fine , does n't take up space on the crib rail , and is a whole lot more reliable , plus can be plugged into an outlet , as opposed to eating through batteries .
 Like many new parents , I have faced a lot of gimmicky items in the baby business . This is one of them . But this one costs -LSB- price -RSB- . I wonder if First Years counts on this item being a baby shower present that will be thrown out instead of returned.The concept is a good one . Since babies like music , place a small , portable CD at cribside . I wanted it to soothe my son while I changed his diapers . Was I mistaken !! The unit skips repeatedly . It drives me to distraction , never mind the affect on a newborn . Furthermore the speaker output is so tinny , Edison 's `` Mary Had a Little Lamb '' sounds better.Inserting the batteries were a chore as well . I ca n't report on battery usage since my wife and I do not use the thing any more . Considering that the Discman has been out for a decade , I was very surprised by the Crib CD Player 's poor quality.Thank goodness we kept the box .
 This product is a piece of junk ! . The player skips constantly and the batteries only lasted a couple hours even though I used the 15 minute timer only twice ! . I had the same problems as everyone else has described . I would not recommend buying this product . Get a mini-boombox instead .
 Great concept , however you are better off buying a small cd/radio alarm clock . We use this cd player everynight for the first 3 months of my daughter 's life and she falls to sleep to it everytime . We did n't have any problems as everyone else did BUT the only complaint we do have is that it does n't last too long with batteries . We got tired of recharging those batteries and unscrewing the back to change the battery -LRB- safety feature , I guess -RRB- ... So we went to Target and bought a small cd/radio alarm clock -LRB- with an outlet plug , of course -RRB- ... it worked out great for us .
 being a first time mother i thought this was so cute and good to have so i put it on my registry.well i did get this item but it was not what i expected . it worked once and since i threw out the box i ca n't return it . it completely stopped playing the cd it makes sound as if the cd is scratched but its brand new since it only worked once ... this producted is just eye candy thats it !!! now i know better
 We had high expectations for this cd player . What a great concept but a horrible product . It seems as though the batteries run out after one cd . And yes , it does skip and quit in the middle of a cd . It is also very time consuming to take the batteries out -LRB- and who has time with a brand new baby ??? -RRB- Do n't waste your money !
 I returned this product before my baby was even born . It would only fit on the back of our convertable crib which made it hard to use . In also , it broke in two places while I was trying to put the batteries in and learn how to use it . Finally , the music quility was not good . It 's a great idea but I 'm holding out for a better product .
 I saw all the bad reviews , but since there were also some good ones , I registered for this anyway . I should have trusted my previous experience that the customer ratings on amazon are accurate when there are over 50 responses . First , if you have anything other than a plain crib , this wo n't fit on the side rail . Not a big deal , I have a newborn so she 's in a bassinet right now anyway . I did n't have any problem with the sound level as others have written , but I had many problems with the unit itself . It is very difficult to open , you need two hands , and it makes a very loud noise when it opens and closes -LRB- not good for a sleeping baby -RRB- . The batteries are not easy to change . The biggest problem I found was that the unit would often give me an error message when I pressed play . This happened about half the time for no apparent reason and no matter which CD I had in it . For $ 49.99 , I expect a much better quality product and could easily get regular CD player that can be plugged in or use batteries , so I 'm taking this back to the store . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I too wish that 0 was a rating option !! I was so excited at the thought of having a crib CD player !! Boy , what a major dissappointment !!! This CD player is sooooo quiet that even when you turn the volume all the way up , you can barely hear it . My 9 month old loves music and so I went and bought a lot of children 's cd 's . I ended up purchasing a little CD player and placing it on the table next to his crib in order for him to be able to hear it .
 I registered for this cd player but never even used it . Upon putting my crib together , we quickly realised it would n't work with our Baby Italia crib , the clip is not big enough.Be sure to try it in the store before you buy it .
 The 1st CD player that we received was defective and we had to return it -LRB- returning gifts is the last thing you want to do with a newborn -RRB- . The 2nd CD player worked but it was such a letdown . The volume is very low , even on the highest setting . It eats batteries . You can only use it while the baby is in the crib -LRB- because the volume is so low you ca n't hear it unless you are in the crib or right next to it . -RRB- I would have much rather had a portable CD player ... Now that my baby is crawling the Cd player is virtually useless . If I had a portable CD player , I could bring it into his `` playroom '' or the living room so that he could listen to music while playing . .
 While this is a nice product , I ended up returning it for several reasons
 You can just as easily spend $ 50 on a regular CD player and not have all the problems . The batteries do n't last !! They are very hard to change . You have to remove the light which is near impossible to get to the batteries . In the beginning , I was using this every night to get my daughter to sleep & then one night our whole routine is off because this would n't play . And it had only been a week !!! The thing skips horribly . It was the worst baby product I recieved . I went out and got a CD player alarm clock for $ 40 and have had no problems . You will spend more on batteries for this CD player then the $ 50 you spend to buy it .
 Player is relatively compact and connects easily to crib . The positives end there . Main negatives are amazingly short battery life -LRB- which I assume is a function of poor product design since the thing holds two big C-sized batteries vs. my compact little sony cd player which holds two AA batteries and plays for hours and hours -RRB- and the fact that you need a phillips head screwdriver to replace them . Also , the speaker quality is pretty weak and the controls are not very responsive . Finally , light is a nice feature but too dim to be of any real value .
 The volume on ours was not very loud . It skipped and was hard to use . We returned it and got a high chair instead . It is not a very practical thing .
 This CD player which seemed like a nice addition to my son 's nursery was such a waste . I would recommend purchasing a more reputable player for your childs room.If you have a custom crib like I do , the player will not fit.The batteries are CONSTANTLY going dead and a total pain to change.In addition , it skips all the time!Not worth the $ .
 This CD player is completely impractical . You will spend so much money on buying more batteries that you will pay for the CD player a couple of times over . The sound is n't the best quality either . As for the timer button , you ca n't just leave it pushed in . Every time you hit play , you have to turn the timer off and then back on again to get it to re-set . I did n't want to take it back because it was a gift . I would rather have a regular CD player with a plug sitting on the shelf and I should have taken it back .
 Wow , what a poor , poor product ! Once I determined how to install the batteries as there were no instructs in the box -LRB- meaning someone else had returned this to the store -RRB- , I found that I was not able to employ any of the control buttons on the display ! Also shame on babies r us for simply restocking this item after someone had returned it for the same problem . They simply threw it back out on the shelf !!
 I registered for this and was too embarassed to take it back , but there truly is nothing good to say about this cd player . The sound is very very low -LRB- goes from inaudible to barely there -RRB- , the nightlight function is controlled by a teeny tiny button impossible to find unless an overhead light is already on -LRB- what good is that ?? -RRB- , all the buttons on this are ludicrously small , difficult to use , and impossible to find without waking the baby , and switching cd 's in cumbersome .
 We got this product as a gift and it worked 3 times . If you set the timer you might as well buy new batteries right away but you have to expect that these things will eat up batteries . After changing batteries for the third time in as many weeks , the product turns on by itself and the only button that works is the light which also now starts and pauses the CD . The only way to turn it off is to take out the batteries which requires a screwdriver for a screw about an inch long TO HOLD BATTERIES !!!
 I really used this when our son was in his bassinet , but not in the crib . The batteries had to be changed every three or four days and it just was n't worth it to me . I recommend the Ocean Aquarium , it 's better .
 This has got to be one of the worst baby products AND worst CD players I have ever owned . Yes it plays CDs , but that is about it . My main issues are
 I was excited to get this product . The cd player was a gift off my baby regisry and i ran out and bought c batteries only to be let down by the outcome of performance of this product . I played a baby einstein classical music cd for 1 minute to test the product out and was unpleasantly surprised by the horrible sound quality . All i heard was static with a bit of music in the background . This product is going right back to the store . I recommend getting a little boombox made by sony or an electronics brand instead of this product . It seemed like a good idea , especially since it hooks on to the crib and has a nightlight , but i bought the product mainly for the ability to play clear music . do n't waste your time or your money .
 This would have been perfect providing it fit on most cris . I thought it was the most wonderful invention until trying to put it on the crib . I also took it to the store & tried it on 10 cribs to find it only fit 2 !
 Lame . Batteries are a pain to change and will only play CD 's 2 or 3 times befor needing a change . Sound quality is pathetic and not loud enough at full volume . Out of all the `` stuff '' we spent our money on , this was the worst buy .
 Do n't waste your time and money on this product . Everytime you play a CD , it displays an error message and does not play the CD . You have to keep cleaning the laser lens for it to work . It is almost adult proof to open the cd door and it opens only about a quarter of the way . You can barely hear anything with the volume turned all the way up . Your best bet is to buy a small cd player for the same price and you 'll get more for your money !!
 Player is relatively compact and connects easily to crib . The positives end there . Main negatives are amazingly short battery life -LRB- which I assume is a function of poor product design since the thing holds two big C-sized batteries vs. my compact little sony cd player which holds two AA batteries and plays for hours and hours -RRB- and the fact that you need a phillips head screwdriver to replace them . Also , the speaker quality is pretty weak and the controls are not very responsive . Finally , light is a nice feature but too dim to be of any real value .
 This CD is the worst !! I have replaced the batteries 3 times in one week !! And the volume is terrible , you can barely hear the music , even on the loudest setting .
 I registered for and received this CD Player , since it is the only one of its kind . When I went to set up the nursery I was so disappointed to discover that it was not capable of adjusting to accomodate any crib . Unfortunately because of the width of the rails on my crib , It didnt fit . I was so excited about this product , especially because its hanging on the crib was a space saver . SOmeone really needs to manufacture a like product.My advice ?? be sure you have thin rails on the crib before investing in this CD Player.Good Luck !!
 Complete waste of money and time.The speaker is terrible , very tinny and out of balance.And as mentioned in other reviews it skips like crazy . We lost our receipt so we ca n't return it , but we still wo n't use it .
 The first one stopped spinning the CD and used up the batteries after a week of only playing an hour a day . I returned it the 2nd one is using the batteries as much as the first one . I am very disappointed . I feel it needs to be recalled . I want my money back , babies r us does not give money back and they do not carry another brand CD player .
 Now that I have , I agree with most . This is a very cheaply made product that is difficult to open and I can easily see how a few uses will loosen the poorly constructed hinges etc. ... The sound is awful as well . I 'm thinking for a little more money , I will purchase a small boom box with much better sound quality , ease of use and can get more use out of it . The light is n't that impressive either.This is a good example of very poor workmanship . I was dissappointed from the minute I opened it and I tried to give it a chance but just found it difficult to use . From changing the battery to opening the front cover to opening the side to put in a CD -- Everything is hard to open and sticks real tight.When I decided to return it , I read the other reviews and wish I had read them prior to buying .
 It 's a great idea , but I was not impressed with this crib player at all . The sound is muffled and it skips . I will be returning it .
 My baby loves to sleep with his lullabye CD every night butthis CD player ran thru the batteries in a matter of a fewdays . Just not practical . I ended up putting a small boombox in his room and it has worked out wonderfully . I wouldnot recommend this product .
 I had this on my registry and received it and I am on my third one already ! While the manufacturer stands behind it and keeps replacing it , it just does not work right ! It is SO low my baby can not hear what is in there . The night light is a joke . I know it should not be bright but I can not see anything with it on and then it burned right out ! In additon , we constantly go through batteries . I am going to just return this piece of junk once and for all !
 Unfortunately I have to agree with most of the other reviewers ... I had received this as a gift -LRB- having had no idea there was such a product -RRB- and was very excited to use it . However , the sound quality is terrible and the comment below about getting more bang for your buck with a cheap boombox is absolutely correct . I paid $ 20 for a small radio/CD player at Walmart with much better quality.I could live with the sound quality -LRB- I 've gotten used to it -RRB- , however , the batteries do not last for more than a few playings . Its difficult to change the batteries when you do have to do it . Also , there is something wrong with our volume knob , it gets `` static '' -LRB- similar to the sound when you adjust a radio station -RRB- when we adjust the volume controls . Sometimes there 's no sound at all unless we press the volume knob down while it plays - but obviously I ca n't stand by the crib all day so that 's a problem.They should come out with a model that has better sound quality and can be plugged in for power . While this player is better than nothing , it really should be a better product .
 This cd player is n't worth a dime ! Needless to say , I did n't read the reviews before I registered for this item , but I sure wish I had ! Yes , this cd player goes through batteries , so stock up ! I have had problems with it just shutting off right in the middle of the cd and this has happened more than I can count ! Oh , and it does skip just like everyone else has said so do n't bump the crib when laying your baby down !! The light is useless too ... what is it really for ? You ca n't use it to see the front of the cd player in the dark -LRB- it 's located on the BACK of the cd player -RRB- are you really going to turn on a light that shines right into your sleeping baby 's crib ?? I 'm tossing this hunk of junk in the trash today and buying a regular cd player for my baby . Guess this was one item I should 've listened to my husband and done without !!
 My 19mo daughter was SO excited to receive her very own potty and her and I were both very disappointed with the potty the very first time she sat on it . The built in guard made it difficult for her to sit on the potty w/o assistance . She needed handles to hold on to while she sat down and this potty does n't really have handles . The arm rests are too far back for her to hold on to while sitting on or getting off of this potty . The collection bowl is very narrow which is n't an issue however the molded plastic is very rough on that sensitive little tooshie . She only needs to sit on it for 30 seconds and she has a bright red ring around her bottom . Getting off of the potty is difficult as well as I stated before she likes her handles . Before the potty arrived she was asking to sit on the big potty several times a day and now that she has her own to sit on she is not asking nearly as much . It is obvious that she is very uncomfortable . I tried turning the collection bowl around so that the guard is in the back but the potty is not made to be in this position . It does not fit correctly and she is not able to sit back against the back rest . It is however slightly more comfortable for her legs . My daughter likes to pick the potty up and carry it around -LRB- silly girl -RRB- and I do like how it does n't fall apart when she does this . I think if she were to do this with any other potty on the market they would fall apart . I must say I am not at all impressed with this potty and am very disappointed with baby bjorn .
 I bought this potty because I wanted something simple with not too many thrills , but I am disappointed . This potty is very uncomfortable for my daughter . She sits only a few minutes and then she starts complaining that it hurts and when she stands up , she has lots of big red marks . I think it is also small for her , even though she is not a very big girl . Anyway I am getting rid of it and getting something better . Maybe with some kids might work , but I do n't feel to recommend it .
 I bought this potty because it had the best reviews , but almost every time my 2-year-old son uses it , he pees all over the floor instead . I 've tried every position - from putting him way at the back to putting him right up close to it so the shield will `` hold '' his penis down - no luck ! I actually think it hinders the process since my son freaks when he pees all over himself and the floor . In addition , we have a marble bathroom floor and I worry it 's staining/etching the marble . I 'm throwing it in the dumpster and purchasing a new one !!
 So we have been using this potty seat for several months now trying to get our daughter used to going on the potty . I bought this one because it had great reviews and was simple and easy to clean . But every time we put her on it , after only a few minutes she starts complaining that her feet hurt . What she means is that her feet are tingling and going to sleep . Then she does n't want to get off because her legs are numb and she gets scared . She is not a big girl but this seat is just too uncomfortable for her . Also , every time she gets up the insert sticks to her behind and will dump if there is anything in it . It also leaves her with a red ring around her butt . I am going to look for a cushioned potty chair next and hopefully we have more success .
 I bought this potty after reading the reviews thinking this sounded like a great potty chair . I am not happy with it at all . My son is 30 lbs and almost 3 feet tall at not quite 2 years old . The potty seat is too small , it leaves a red ring on his bottom and when he stands up , it sticks to him . However , that 's not the worst part . My son is afraid to sit on it by himself because he 's accidentally sat on the splash guard and poked himself more than once . Also when he pees it goes up the splash guard and right out of the potty . There 's more pee on the floor than in the potty . My son freaked out the first time it happened because he had pee all over him . I would not buy this potty seat for boys especially larger ones .
 My son is 23 months old , and I bought this product and the Baby Bjorn potty seat that goes on the big toilet , thinking I would try them both and see which he liked best . He is scared of the potty chair now because the splash guard in the front `` surprises '' him when he sits down sometimes , and he gets hurt . He refusus to sit on it now , and only wants to use the potty seat on the big toilet - fine with me because it is easier to clean . The potty chair is narrow , and although my son is on the very skinny side , he sees kind of wedged in there when he sits on it . It does n't seem that comfortable for his little tushie . I bought the white model , and did not realize that the plastic potty bowl on it is black . This makes it hard to tell when it is really clean . I would give this chair some points for being compact , not taking up much space in the bathroom , and being attractive looking and sturdy . However , it just does n't seem comfortable for my boy . In my opinion , it does not live up to the quality I expect from baby bjorn products . I do , however , love the Baby Bjorn potty seat that goes on the big toilet , as it is VERY comfortable and seems well-designed for a boy to use . Such a contrast between these two products ! Maybe the potty chair would work better for a girl who does not have those `` delicate parts '' to get hurt by the splash guard .
 My daughter has 2 of these potty chairs and one of another brand . She refuses to sit on these chairs the majority of the time and in the off chance she does use them , she has a bright red ring around her bottom when she gets up . Generally she gets up out of discomfort , not having finished using the potty . If anything , these potty chairs have been more harm than good in potty training for her .
 I bought this based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews . I was pretty disappointed over all . My daughter is tall for her age but not particularly chunky or chubby . In any case , every time she stood up from this potty chair she also brought a red mark from the circular opening on her bum . I thought it was a little narrow for her . Sometimes when she stood up , the white part actually came up with her . I personally did not think this was a great potty chair . I think this might be because I have a girl and not a boy , since there seems to be issue with other potty 's splash guards . In my case , my daughter did not find this seat comfortable and did not take to it at all . I later bought her that Fisher Price one with the face and that sings . It 's a little lower , but wider and the seat can not come up with her . She loves the songs , though it 's lower and it is actually wider , so even though she is tall , no problems . Again , do n't have a boy so ca n't speak to the splash guard issue , but really this potty is nothing out of this world for me . It 's collecting dust in my hallway closet right now .
 Is n't the first law of potty chair construction to contain pee ? This splash guard is n't high enough for boys and I ca n't tell you how discouraging it is to have a child 's best efforts be thwarted by pee splashing all over his legs and feet . Really bad . I wish I could give it no stars !
 My son stands up when he pees -LRB- instead of sitting on the chair -RRB- and because this bowl is removable , the pee gets thru the cracks and gets all over the floor . If you have a stander , this is not for you ! I originally bought it because it 's a great size , but I found the best luck getting the Baby Bjorn step stool -LRB- Love it -RRB- and putting it in front of our toilet for him to step up so he can stand and a potty seat with the handles on either side for when he needs to sit down
 We bought this chair when our daughter was 12 months old because her doctor said she was ready for potty training . We had been practicing EC and having plenty of diaper free time . She was using the words and ASL signs for potty training and had been telling us when she had to go and squatting . We chose this seat , because it had many great reviews and seemed simple and attractive , but this chair has set us back in training ! She used it a couple of times with assistance , but on her own has hurt herself on it quite a few times . It 's terrible for a younger toddler girl . Our daughter is now 17 months and refuses to sit on this chair . When she has to use the potty , she says she has to , then yells `` no ! '' if you attempt to have her sit on this chair . The urine guard is VERY big and hurts her thighs unless she sits on it just right . The chair is also long and narrow , and can only be sat on from one perfect angle . We 've had to go out and purchase another seat , the Hopop Donut . I believe our daughter would be much further along in her training if we 'd bought another potty to begin with . Do not buy this seat for EC or diaper free training or for a young or small girl !
 This was the second potty we bought for our son , who is almost 3 . In one word - horrible . I had a lot of hope that , with all the excellent reviews , we 'd find success with this one . The basic issue is the splash guard , which really does n't work at all . Pee still goes everywhere . I 'd love to find one of the old-fashioned potties with the high cupped splash guard - but that 's nearly impossible . If I had known that this potty would be no better than others I 've tried , I would have saved my money .
 I bought it because of the wonderful reviews , but am very disappointed . I 've had messy experiences every single time my son uses the seat . Even with sitting back as far as he can go , leaning slightly forward , aiming his pee-pee down , the pee goes up the splash guard onto his inner thighs , down the front of the seat and onto the floor . We 've only been using it for three days so far but I have had to clean my son up , myself , the potty seat , and the floor every single time . I know potty training is daunting , but with these messes , diapers were way easier ! I 'm going back to the simple potty ring on the big toilet now .
 This potty chair is terrible . Small and unstable . Use this only if you want to have more pee on the floor than in the pot-the splash guard acts more as a projectile ramp for pee than a guard . it is difficult to clean and the plastic seems to absorb bathroom smells -LRB- gross -RRB- . I would recommend just getting a mini-toilet seat and putting your kid up on a regular toilet .
 I puchased because of the great reviews but never really looked at the design . When my little girl tries to sit on her own she can miss and hurt her vagina or bottom on the front point . Does not recommend .
 I bought this potty chair after reading reviews on many potty chairs . My daughter had red marks on her bottom after sitting on it . The seat is hard and rough . Sadly disappointed by this babybjorn product .
 We bought this chair for our son due to the high ratings it had , and we hate it . Our son complained that the seat hurt and we saw that it left red marks whenever he sat down . The splash guard in the front is n't hallow so when he did pee it went all over the place . My son freaked out because he did n't like getting his feet and chest covered with pee and we had a hard time getting him to sit on it again . We ended up getting rid of it because it was making potty training harder rather than easier .
 this potty came highly recommended and its pretty well made FOR GIRLS . however my son never sites for peepee , the pee goes between the removable part and the chair and ends up on the floor under the chair ! when he sits down to make # 2 his pee goes all over the place since the peepee `` high '' part is not high enough . if you have a girl this should not be a problem but if your boy is just starting to to go to the potty and you dont know if he will be standing or sitting , I WOULD NOT GO WITH THIS POTTY !!!!
 I bought this potty based on the review of others . I purchased it for my son who will be turning three and was very hesitant about training on the normal toilet . This potty does have a larger seat , however , it 's urine deflector is not tall enough and the urine leaks through the bottom . It is very easy to clean but I would recommend this potty for girls only .
 I got this potty because I found it the most simple and aesthetically pleasing . While my daughter used it at first for a few days , she has since complained about the seam between the `` bowl '' and the `` chair '' -LRB- She points to the seam along the back of the chair , wiggles the bowl , says `` back and forth ... do n't like ... owwie '' . -RRB- As a 30 lb . 2 year old , she 's on the big side and I think that this chair is just uncomfortable for her . She actually now refuses to use it and has asked me for a `` new potty ''
 We had been struggling with getting our 31/2 yr old to want to try and potty . I looked at all the potty chairs possible and read reviews and this one sounded perfect . So I got my boy excited about this one and let him pick the color out . He was so excited when it came and wanted to sit on it right away -LRB- this is what I was hoping for when I bought it -RRB- he probably was n't on it more then 10 seconds and said it hurt his bum . We tried several more times and same thing . He is an average size toddler so I am not sure what size of kid this would be comfortable for . I ended up getting next the babybjorn toilet trainer and it is awesome . He loves it , it does n't hurt him and the splash guard is great for a little boy .
 I 'm really surprised at the 5 star reviews for this potty chair . If I had back all the time I have spent cleaning pee up off the floor I would be so happy . The splash guard is way too short , my son just pees right over the top of it . I do like the separate potty and it 's easy to clean but I still have to clean the whole chair because it simply does n't hold in the pee stream . Ugh . I 'm retiring it as soon as I get a different potty chair . MESSY .
 I bought this after reading many reviews for different products . I am disappointed because my son can not sit on it for more than a few minutes without complaining that his bottom hurts . When he gets up his bottom is completely red . If he gets on , does his business quickly and gets off there is no issue but anytime he needs to linger on the potty he becomes very uncomfortable . I am now looking for a softer seat to set on the bathroom toilet .
 Great when my son was sitting down ... now that he stands ... junk . If not right on target , you 're going to have a mess every time . Think pee puddle under the chair ... and now imagine the smell . Totally gross , and getting rid of ASAP.Skip .
 I LOVED the design of this potty when I saw it at the store . It only has 2 parts which would make it easy to clean . I loved the solid color because I thought we could decorate it with stickers when we used the potty correctly . It seemed perfect until I brought it home and showed it to my daughter . This potty has a built in splash guard that is not removable . My daughter has a difficult time sitting on this potty because of the splash guard . She tries to sit to the side to avoid sitting on the bump in the middle . We 've been practicing sitting on it for several weeks now and she just does n't seem comfortable with it . I 'm so disappointed because this potty seemed perfect but I think we 're going to have to find something different .
 I am VERY disappointed with this potty chair ! It got rave reviews on this site - so I rushed right out to my nearest Babies R Us store and purchased it . Now I wish I hadent ! First of all , my son has used it seven times in the last two days . And , ALL seven times ... we had pee all over the floor - down his legs - on us -LRB- we were in front of him -RRB- . It 's not even a result of ` position ' on the chair . I sit him all the way back - ... I 'm at whitts end with this darn thing ! He does n't even like sitting on it . I have to agree with one of the other reviewers ... it 's is WAY too narrow for children of potty training ages . My son is 14 monts old , average size ... and it 's small for him ... VERY disappointed . I guess the only advantage I can see to this one that the splash guard is attached so my son ca n't rip it off . Although , what good is it if the pee goes up and over the top ?! Oh - and when my son stands up - the potty collection bucket sticks to his rear and wants to pop out with him . Then , when I safely get the collection pan back into the pot , it 's a fight to keep him from taking it out -LRB- and spilling contents -RRB- all over . Never thought of those problems with this design , but something to consider when contemplating purchase of this product . So , if you have a -LSB- small child -RSB- , do n't mind pee all over the floor , and do n't mind the pot -LRB- and it 's contents -RRB- coming up with your little one , by all means ... rush right out and buy it !
 we bought this one for my son who is 3 . it is too small for him . the pee comes right over the pee guard . they should have made the pee guard a little bigger and the seat bigger too . my son weighs about 39 lbs .
 BabyBj&ouml;rn Potty Chair - BlueMy baby is 12 months and 24lbs . The splash card is not even close to being tall enough to work . Seat is also small . He just fits with no room to spare . Very disappointed
 I started out my son with elimination communication -LRB- EC aka early start potty training , of which Amazon carries great books by 3 different offers on the subject -RRB- when he was 6 wks old . We kept it up until he was 4 months old and then I stopped because my mother-in-law thought it was `` weird '' - I tried to start again when he was 6 months but he was already attached to his diapers . I could really kick myself now that he 's 2 and many many poop diapers later ! Anyhow we had the smaller version of the Baby Bjorn potty when we were doing EC and it worked great cuz we could manuver him and pee him sitting down . The pee gaurd is in the opinion of more than just our family , TERRIBLE for toddlers ! After he bumped it sitting down I could n't get him near the potty for weeks . I am not usually into frills and over the top plastic toys but I love the fisher price potty we got him instead . I did n't put batteries in it - too much for me . I love it . My son actually uses it . It has a REMOVABLE splash gaurd . Our boy pees standing up anyhow - just like Papa ! It looks more like a grown up potty except it has a cartoon smiley face . I thought the smiley face silly at first but since it makes my son like it more it kinda makes me happy now . And the potty seat removes so you can put it on your toiletseat for easing toddlers nerves when moving onto to toilet training . Not as simple-looking as the Baby Bjorn but a much better potty in many many ways .
 I 'm surprised this potty got such rave reviews . My daughter is so uncomfortable with this potty trainer ! She 'll sit on it , but it 's so small . The splash guard is what really seems to make it uncomfortable for her . She 's accidental sat on it before and it hurt her . When she sits on it the splash guard makes her have to sit with her legs open , but as I mentioned the seat is pretty narrow so she ca n't really sit on it comfortably .
 While this chair works fine , it 's just not comfortable . My son 's little bottom is so red after just sitting on it for a short time ! He ends up either standing for some relief or moving around the chair in an attempt to find a comfortable position . If I had to do it over again , I would buy something with a cushy seat . Would n't buy this one again ...
 My son is 50th percentile for weight and height , so pretty average sized for a 2 year old . As lots of reviewers have mentioned , the height of this potty is great , the handholds on the side are a help , the splash guard is built in so there are no pinching problems there , and the back WOULD be nice except ... There is about an inch of space between the edge of the bowl and the back of the seat , so that when my son sits on it , the bowl shifts ever so slightly and his bum gets pinched in the back . The reviews have been so positive on the no-pinching thing that I was stunned by this . Even when he does not get pinched , he also ends up with seams cut into his little bum and back of legs , and as a result will not remain seated on this seat at all . Therefore I can not comment whether the pee goes into the bowl , because we never get that far.As far as disinfecting , I thought it would be really easy -- just pull the bowl out , dump it out , wipe , disinfect with clorox on occasion ... BUT several times poop has gotten under that back edge of the bowl , necessitating a cleaning of the rest of the seat as well , which is just a pain.Finally , the bowl is way too light and often sticks to my son 's legs and he stands up.I can not say , however , if there is anything better out there -- we have n't found the `` perfect '' potty yet , but if this is the best of the portable potties , I guess we 're going to have to go with the seat insert for our toilet , because this has turned out to be virtually worthless to us .
 I bought this potty chair thinking it would be a great solution for us , but the splash guard splashes everywhere . My son is 28 mos old and it is just not shaped right for his body . It is great for cleaning and seems comfortable for him , but he is peeing everywhere ! So , I am constantly cleaning the floor and he gets upset because he is getting wet everytime he pottys making potty training nearly impossible . FYI he does the same thing with the fisher price musical potty and the potty rings you put on the toilet . I would love a solution that works for us !
 This potty is good if your child sits still and does n't move and if its a boy can aim perfectly . We have to clean up the potty whole seat inside and out -LRB- not just the removable parts the seat underside and all -RRB- along with the floor at every potty time .
 I used this with my son , and it served it 's purpose . The only problem is that its really uncomfortable . He complained about it , and my daughter absolutely refuses to sit on it for more than a second and complains that it hurts as well . So while this may be a good product , it just does n't work for my children . If you want something comfortable on the heiny , this is not the one . Back to the drawing board ...
 I bought this potty mainly due to all the positive reviews . It 's a good size , sleek , and simple . Unfortunately , my daughter became so excited to use it that she ran to the potty and sat down on the splash guard , which is hard plastic . We ended up at the doctor with a laceration , and weeks of screaming every time she needed to urinate . She 's never used ANY potty ever again , and she 's 21/2 . This product is okay for very small children whose parents can seat them . For older children that will seat themselves , choose one without a splash guard . They will splash regardless . A little pee on the floor is better than a traumatized child and stitches . Trust me .
 We started with this potty earlier than the recommended 24 months and our daughter was too short for the splash guard and it would poke her in the bum whenever she tried to sit down . She is now almost 24 months -LRB- as recommended by the manufacturer -RRB- and it 's still a pain . In addition , the seat tips easily when she 's trying to lower herself on and slides around all over the tile -LRB- bathroom -RRB- floor when she 's getting on and off . A waste of plastic for our shortish , chubby-thighed girl .
 Unless your little boy has perfect aim , do n't purchase this one . Leaks around the edge of the seat to the floor below .
 Started using this with my son when he was 6 months old . He refused to keep using it once he turned one and picked his froggy back up potty instead . That was fine with me , because around that time his urine started to leak over the splashguard and get all over the floor in front . This looks like a great potty and has awesome reviews , but it definitely did not work for us . The curved top of the splash guard allows the urine to flow right over and out of the potty onto the floor . Maybe if your son does n't have a strong flow , then it would be fine . But , for us , we retired this seat very quickly after a few messes . I brought it back at 2 years , but we still had the same problem . It is super easy to clean if all the waste stays inside . This would probably be an excellent seat for a girl . My son seems to prefer the froggy seat though since it has little nubs sticking out each side to use as handles when sitting down and pushing back up to stand .
 I bought this because of the excellent reviews , so I felt it necessary to add my review that is not as positive.My son is 3 ' 3 '' & 30 pounds . -LRB- he is almost 3 yr old -RRB- He does fit on this potty , but it leaves horrible red marks in his inner thighs after only sitting on it a few minutes . It hurt his bottom so badly that he cried & said `` oh mommy my legs ! '' It 's not great to start potty training with a painful experience . He is now afraid of it.I do n't know if my son just has very sensitive skin or if it 's because he is too big for the chair , but I switched to a soft seat that goes on the big toilet & we are trying that now . I would n't recommend this potty for larger children .
 I just bought this potty seat and my son will not sit in it more than 5 minutes . He complains that it hurts his back and bum .
 Although many people have given this high reviews , I simply do noy like this potty . Everytime my son sits down to pee it sprays everywhere , even when he `` aims '' it down . The splash guard is simply not high enough , it should also be made of softer material so he does n't hurt himself when sitting down .
 I do n't know if it 's the pressure from my daughter sitting on the chair , or if she has an allergy to the plastic , but since we started potty training with this chair she has developed a horrible horrible rash . By process of elimination , and the fact that she has bright red stripes on her butt from where the plastic meets her bottom , we figured out it was the chair , and nothing else . She does have sensitive skin , but NOTHING would help her , and I tried EVERYTHING . We bought two and are returning both , and had to go with the safety first chair that has a cushion . If it were n't for the rash , I would give it a good review , because she liked it and used it , but the problems she has had are just ridiculous .
 I do n't know what happen . Maybe my babies are sensitive or allergic to the baby lotion , but I thought the baby lotion are Hypoallergenic and safe for baby skin . Both my kids got rash after using the baby lotion . They also got issues with the baby wash as well .
 I only received 1 of the 2 15 oz bottles of lotion , very upset because it states a pack of 2 .
 Have you ever read the ingredients in this lotion ? I was so surprised to see this product has a perfect 5 star rating . I mean sure it 's been around forever , but do n't you think it 's time they took our children 's health seriously ? Half the ingredients are linked to cancer and other disorders!Water ; Propylene Glycol ; Myristyl Myristate ; Glyceryl Stearate ; Oleic Acid ; Stearic Acid ; Polysorbate 61 ; C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate ; Dimethicone ; Isopropyl Palmitate ; Sorbitan Stearate ; Cetyl Alcohol ; Synthetic Beeswax ; Stearyl Alcohol ; Benzyl Alcohol ; Carbomer ; Fragrance ; Methylparaben ; Propylparaben ; Butylparaben ; BHT ; Sodium Hydroxide ; Red 33
 I have been using Johnson and Johnson Baby Lotion on my kids for years . I ordered a 6 pack of this lotion because it was a good price and I like buying in bulk for convenience . Once I used the lotion , I knew it was n't the real thing . The smell is horrible and it is very thin . Then I looked on the packaging and compared it to REAL Johnson and Johnson Baby Lotion and the ingredients were different and also this Imposter lotion states that it is Made in Italy !! The real Johnson and Johnson is made in NJ . DO NOT BUY this lotion - it is not real Johnson and Johnson . I threw out all 6 bottles - what a waste of $ . I will never buy anything from the Seller Splashdeal again .
 This was a great deal but unfortunately does n't work for my baby 's sensitive skin . It has perfume and coloring and the pediatrician said not to use it on her . I wish they would make a hypo allergenic fragrance and dye free version for babies with sensitive skin .
 How does this lotion have so many good ratings ? Just because it 's been around forever ? The smell is completely overpowering . Everyone should know , the less chemicals the better for a baby , and if it has such a strong smell that means there are unnecessary chemicals in it . Completely prefer Aveeno 's fragrance free baby lotion over this .
 I got this as a `` hand-me-down '' that was never used and I see why . My child wo n't sit on it at all , she prefers a potty chair . She cries as soon as I try to put her on it , and it does NOT fit that tight on our toilet . I tried to give it away to a friend , who bought the seat and her child wo n't sit on it either .
 Just getting close to the potty training time ... I have two bathrooms , with a round and elongated seat , both slow close and slightly inward angled seats . This Baby Bjorn seat would not fit either of my slow close seats . However , it might still come in handy for travel . Seemed to be good quality and build , just would not secure down correctly due to the the angle of the seat . Guess I will hold on to mine just in case-for travel . In the mean time , I am going to try the Bemis 583SLOW Next Step Potty Built in seat .
 Though this is a nice sturdy potty seat and would probably be perfect for girls or larger boys , it did not work for me . My son has to hoist himself off and on the potty as he is not yet tall enough to rest his feet on the foot stool while using it . The pee guard is so large that I was seriously concerned about his `` equipment '' being damaged in the process of trying to stand up . I recommend the Arm and Hammer potty seat over this -LRB- much cheaper too -RRB- .
 Not impressed and am returning tomorrow . The little wings you have to dial out barely hold the seat in place . Maybe it works for older toilets or german toilets ... but not mine . If the little wings came down more , then it would hook under the lip of the seat . But this will be returned . Got it at babies r us and I will just look for a permanent seat that wo n't fly off while my kid is getting on or off of it .
 This seat is not for a boy who is 1st learning to potty by sitting . In the picture it looks as though the built in deflector is fairly large , though it is not , it does not do it 's job . I love the contour of the seat . But if I pay $ 29.99 for a potty seat I do n't want to clean the bathroom everytime after he goes potty-what a mess . I have found a potty that I love and that works , it is much cheaper as well . I 'm wandering if this potty might be worth holding onto until my son is handling more than one buisness in the potty , -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- . Until then this is not the potty for me , if I had a girl maybe . But I have a boy , so please think about this before you buy . I did read one review somewhere that also had this complaint , I wish I who have listened . They need to make the deflector better or make one for boys and one for girls .
 The adjustment in the back does not stay in place so it 's really just a bulky version of a regular toilet reducer with extra places for germs to accumulate . At this price you are better off with a toilet seat that has a child seat built in . This is a bit wobbly and children take longer to be independent on them .
 Would have loved to use this potty seat . Our 2yr old son has been very successful and is completely potty trained , but is still very small compared to the potty . We 've had 2 other seats both of foam / foam plastic and they make me nuts that no matter how much or how long I clean them I ca n't ever get the `` SMELL '' out from what seeps inside the foam . This seat is a great idea -LRB- all easy to clean plastic -RRB- no openings , made for a boy , and most importantly not made of any foam . Problem ... it DOES N'T FIT ! No potty at our house or my parents . We have a new home and standard toilet seats , my parents are quite older , but still standard and of course we can use the gross seats everywhere . Very disappointed .
 Our daughter used this for a little while but I had to keep watching her because even though she is petite it seemed like it was easy for her to scoot onto the back of the seat . I also found it hard to clean because you have to untighten the hinge to take it off to clean underneath . At preschool she was using the stand-alone potty so we bought the babybjorn equivalent and she now just uses that instead . That is easier to clean than I thought .
 My 20 month old Grandson was afraid to sit on the toilet with the Toilet Trainer . When he did urinate , the urine guard was not high enough & he urinated on the area directly in front of the toilet . I did try to position him right up close to the urine guard & he really did n't like that . He has been using a potty chair at home , so I ended up buying the BabyBjorn potty chair with the high back & he likes this . I think he can tilt forward a bit with the use of his legs on the floor , so this helps with him being able to urinate in the potty chair .
 I was excited about this potty but it only fits 1 of toilets which has a more oblong shape , it does n't fit my standard more circular toilets . It is a shame since it seems to be well designed . I like the babybjorn stool and potty chairs - they are great .
 We bought a cheap toilet seat that did n't quite fit our toilet , but my daughter was using just fine . We decided to splurge for this one once she seemed ready for more serious toilet training . She 's 2 and from the first time we put her on this , she said it hurt her legs . The splash guard is wide and digs into her legs and she absolutely refuses to sit on it . Fits the toilet really well , but that 's all I can say positive about this potty seat . Disappointed !
 I bought it based on so many great reviews . I wonder if I am the only one who was not able to attach it to the existing toilette seat . The description says `` adjusts easily and sits firmly in place '' ... well , it does not . It slides right out of the existing seat . SO I basically keep in there not attached at all and have to sit my child and remove him from there , otherwise the seat falls out .
 After a couple hours of reading reviews I bought this seat . Many of the other product reviews said `` not for boys '' . With this seat your boy would have to lean very far forward to not get pee everywhere . I also choose this because it adjusts on the bottom to fit long toilet seats , it fit the seat well . Another problem for me was the size of the hole . I have a big 2 year old and could n't wipe him well . If you have a petite girl this will work for you!Amazon made it very easy to return this product at no cost to me : -RRB-
 This potty seat worked well for us until this past weekend , when my son attempted to use it without a step stool . As he was trying to slide off , the splashguard stopped his progress , which caused the skin just above his penis to tear from the pressure of being trapped . He now has four stitches in a very sensitive area , and this was a very traumatic event for him.The splashguard on this seat is pointless anyway , since it 's too close to allow any room for the penis to extend , and my son has always had to push his penis down to pee into the potty . A splashguard on the floor chair version seems less dangerous , but on this model , where the seat sits on top of an adult potty , having such a high -LRB- and unremovable ! -RRB- splashguard is just plain dangerous.Parents of little boys , beware .
 Based on high ratings/reviews of the product , I purchased the Babybjorn white/blue trainer for my two -LRB- 3 & 6 yr old -RRB- boys . In a nutshell , I would * not * advice parents with boys to purchase this seat . The biggest problem I have is the front shield is too low . Almost always , the babybjorn ring , toilet seat and the bathroom floor have pee all over by the time the boys are done doing their business . This product is not a unisex product .
 I 'm surprised by the high ratings for this product . My wife and I have been very disappointed with it . The main problem is that the splash guard does not extend down far enough . Every time our little boy uses this seat , the bottom of it is soaked , the actual toilet seat is soaked , the underside of the toilet seat is soaked , and the rim of the toilet is soaked . And no , the problem is not our toilet or our existing toilet seat , because the same thing happens on any toilet we use this on . Very poor design -- I do not recommend at all if you have a son . Perhaps if we had a daughter , I would be giving it a higher rating .
 I 'm surprised by how well this is rated so I decided to add my two cents to the minority.The PROS
 I bought this seat for my son because of the built in `` shield '' . I have found it 's a bit short and also that somehow his wetness deflects up under the seat and gets the toilet seat and underneath the seat all wet . I have to always wipe the actual toilet seat and under the potty seat afterwards . Definitely a big mess . Not what I expected from such an expensive seat . Would not recommend
 I was looking forward to having my son -LRB- barely 2 -RRB- use this toilet seat . After we got it , I was extremely disappointed . The adjustable dial did not fit to lock onto any of the toilets I tried in 3 different houses . Without locking it into place though , there was still minimal movement , so it was n't a big deal . What was a big deal was the mess that happened every time my son peed . The splash guard is not tall enough , and unless he points his penis down just right , pee goes EVERYWHERE . I finally got sick of the mess and put the seat away . He just straddles the regular seat now , which is not as comfortable I 'm sure , but it does the job with no mess.Also , my son started to not want to go potty on the big toilet after we 'd been using the seat for a couple of weeks . He wanted to sit on the stand alone fisher price frog potty . After I put the seat away , he stopped going on the frog potty and went back to the big toilet . I do n't know if it was a coincidence or not . But this seat was definitely a waste of money for us .
 I bought this tub because , well , it was cheap and folded up nicely for storing . However , once i used it i hated it . My newborn would slip over to the side and bump her head very easily -LRB- yes i kept at least one hand on her at all times -RRB- or be able to nearly turn completly sideways . It also is a pain to drain , most of the water comes out but leaves some water in the bottom ridge on the side opposite the plug . The only good thing about it is the storage of it . .
 I used this with kid # 2 . Even as a newborn , he seemed too big -LRB- born at 7.12 -RRB- He would slide all over even when held and even would slide down with his back ending up on the butt gap . Then cause of the folding gap , water poured out with every movement he made , no matter how little water I put in it . Also , the water level it holds -LRB- min . or max . -RRB- was so low that his poor little parts were way above the waterline . Boys tend not to like cold down there . To be wet then above the water just did n't work . I ended up using this hammock-on-a-frame type thing I got for # 1 when she was little and bathed him in a regular tub . Made it alot easier to wash his hair too since he was leaning back . I would not recommend this one to anyone . With the trouble and effort , you are better of cradling them in your arms over the tub . same amount of support/lack of water/one handedness
 CON
 We purchased this product about three weeks ago , from Wal-Mart . Tonight , when bathing out month old infant , she managed to stick her finger into the hinge on the head side folding side . It took about two minutes to free here , and the end result was some skin breakage , and swell.In general we like Safety 1st products , but now on we will double think purchasing their products .
 I used this tub for my first born . This is small and holds very little water , therefore , the water gets cold fast ! Also , there are holes where the tub folds up so the water spills out of the holes as the baby moves . It can be messy if you are giving your baby a bath on the floor as I did.Our baby would stick her foot and leg out of the tub because it 's so small ... when I used larger tub , that did n't happen.One positive thing that I can say about this product is that it 's compact ... I kept it at my mother 's house and it did n't take up much space.I would recommend spending an extra $ 10 to $ 15 and buy a higher quality tub .
 This tub has a great concept with being able to fold up - but is terrible for a newborn . There is not enough support for the baby and he or she will slip and slide all over - even if you are holding onto the baby with one hand . I threw this tub out and purchased one with a net that snaps on over top of the tub . This is MUCH better and safer since it cradles the baby while bathing . Once he or she is old enough to sit up without support , you can take the net off and use the plastic tub like a regular baby bath tub . Safety 1st also makes this kind for roughly $ 15 .
 This tub is a waste of money . I bought it this evening and I 'm returning the tub first thing tomorrow morning . Water leaks at the hinges creating a mess and a slippery , unsafe floor.Very unsatisfied with this product .
 I do not recommend this tub . The baby is in an awkward position in it , and if his head turns to the side , it is up against a jutting edge . This tub was too big for my sink , so I used it on the countertop . It only holds a couple of inches of water before it starts spilling out at the folding areas , so the baby is always cold during the bath .
 For our first baby , we were determined to stay away from the lure of cute but unnecessarily expensive baby items . This was one of the few items we did not research and we purchased this tub thinking any tub would work . We were wrong.The tub is too slippery which causes his head to endlessly roll back and forth into the corners . The slant of the tub is also meant for a larger baby which causes his head to dig into his chin which he hates . Bathtime is about bonding , so after a month and a half of fighting , we ended up taking our baths together . My son prefered the skin to skin contact anyways.The tub is also a poor fit for any oval sink bathroom , and the one time I put it in the kitchen sink I filled it with water and it buckled . Never tried it again . If you want to wash your baby in the sink , get a foam sponge or a bath support specifically made for newborns.Even for 12 dollars I would not buy this tub again . Granted it might work for some , but if you have a fussy or even mildly fussy baby I would not recommend this tub .
 Hmmm ... thre 's no way our newborn could stay safe in this , there 's not support . Another baby product gone unused .
 This is a great idea but with several problems . We bought the tub for our newborn and he loved it . However , now he is 10 weeks old , the tub is too small -LRB- our baby is n't very big -RRB- . The folding mechanism is problematic on 2 counts :1 . The baby can -LRB- and ours did -RRB- get fingers and / or toes caught where the tub folds . This is scary for both the baby and parent and is potentially very dangerous . Thankfully our baby was n't hurt , just frightened .2 . Because of the way it folds , the tub can hold only a little water without it spilling out all over the floor . I do n't mind this too much , but it does make bath time very messy and with a new baby , no-one needs anything extra to clean up.Because of the safety & size issues , we are searching for another tub and are disappointed that we wasted time and money on this one . Although it saves space , I would in future , buy an inflatable tub -LRB- which can also be used as a sled , apparently -RRB- . PLEASE take extra care with your little one 's fingers and toes if you buy this tub , but do think very carefully about other alternatives .
 The pro 's of this tub are : * It is inexpensive . * It is very compact and folds up small enough to fit in a small space . If space is an issue , this tub is great.The con 's of this tub are : * My baby -LRB- 9 weeks old -RRB- loves to kick when she is bathing . Her little feet get caught in the space where the tub folds . This is a significant safety concern . * You ca n't fill the tub very much with water . The water leaks out of the joints where the tub folds . It can get quite messy!If you have storage problems , I would recommend purchasing this tub . However , the mess of water all over and her little feet getting jammed in the joint space do not make this tub a recommended item . We will be purchasing a new tub soon .
 This tub was great in the beginning - it fit perfectly in our kitchen sink and we were able to bathe our baby with no problems at all . It was great that she could sit in the warm water and not get cold while I was washing her , etc.However , after using the tub about 10 times , it suddenly collapsed into the bottom of the sink with my baby inside . Basically , the top and bottom ends that fold up for storage just buckled . She was n't hurt , but was very scared . Keep in mind that this problem started when my baby was 12 lbs - so I do n't think her weight was an issue .
 This tub sounds ideal but it 's not . For one , there are areas where the tub folds where your child can get his/her toes caught and stuck , very unsafe . Also , if you put it over a sink , you can only put so much water in before the weight is to heavy and the folded parts fold in and as your baby grows he will get to heavy to put this tub over the sink as the ends will fold in.My son is now 4 months and we are going to purchase another tub . I dread each time I have to use this tub , especically because of the folds your baby 's toes can get caught in .
 This says it is an Evenflo clip from Evenflo . The one I got was sent from Hungary -LRB- NOT USA as stated -RRB- . It is also silver and says `` Seat Belt Extender Pros '' on it . It is clearly not an Evenflo clip and seeing as you are supposed to use original parts with these car seats to be safe , it is not what I was looking for . The one in the photo looks like the original clip -LRB- has the burnished bronze/gold color -RRB- . Mine is silver and even feels different - not the same at all and I am worried about using it now as I wanted the original EVENFLO one -LRB- which is what this product is described as in the title and the photo -RRB- . I am very disappointed with the mis-representation . I would n't have wasted my money if I thought it was a replacement one from Europe and not the original from Evenflo in the USA .
 They are as thin as gauze and spit-up runs right though them . The edges are finished with some kind of cheap polyester felt that lacks any absorbency and frays easily . The Gerber cloths shrank so much that I ca n't possibly use them as diapers even if I tried .
 I purchased these in the hopes they would work for our newborn . Unfortunately , I have n't even given birth yet and I already know they 're not going to hold up to the demands of a newborn wetting even once in them.The pros
 The can never be used as DIAPERS ! They are cheese cloth . In fact they may have more holes than cheese cloth does . There is no way that these diapers will hold anything that they are going to need to hold . Do n't waste your money .
 this looks like a gauze or cheesecloth ! you can see thru it . these are not made with birdseye - check out my photo to see the difference .
 I have 2 dozen of these that I was going to use as `` back up '' diapers for my cloth stash . After one wash and dry they were too small to use . Not worth a penny in terms of diapers but great burp cloths and dust rags .
 These are not the diapers I remember . In fact , you could not possibly use them as diapers - they are very very thin and even when folded would not hold in what needs to be contained . Obviously the company has changed the material they use in this product . I 'm not sure why.They are however great for putting on your shoulder when burping your baby . Great for wiping up spit-up and drool . Great for tying around a toddler if you do n't have a bib handy . And great to have in the car for spills . They are also okay for dusting furniture.Wish they were diapers though - since that is why I bought them .
 I just want to start of saying that I had purchased these with the intent of cloth diapering my baby . I had used Gerber flatfolds and prefolds on my first two children back in 2000 and 2002 . They were amazingly awesome back in the day , so I 'm wondering what on earth happened.These are very thin ... I mean see through thin . I could n't even use them as a changing , shoulder or lap pad in a pinch . Any baby `` mishap '' would immediately seep through . Not only that , they feel very rough - not something you 'd want to rub on a newborn baby 's skin to clean spit-up or drool.I feel bad for giving such a poor review because I 'm normally a huge fan of Gerber products . I just think that these are pointless and a waste of money . You can find better flatfolds for nearly the same price as these . As far as burp cloths , the Gerber prefold diapers work awesome for those .
 I 've never written a review on amazon before but these were so disappointing I felt obligated on these . The `` diapers '' are basically fabric so thin my mom thought it was cheesecloth . Do n't get these !!!
 I ordered these with the expectation that the fabric would be a quality , tight birdseye weave . They are instead a flimsy gauze with poorly finished edges . I washed them three times and they are still not soft as I would expect . Gerber should be ashamed .
 I read the reviews and was prepared for these to be thin . But `` thin '' is an understatement . They 're more like sheer curtains . They do n't absorb anything because there is n't enough cloth . I thought about folding them up and using them as burb clothes , but they 're too rough for infants . Do n't waste your money .
 I really thought the brand name of Gerber and or Birdseye would make quality products . Years ago when my child was young and I used cloth diapers instead of disposable ones , I could count on this brand , along with other brands . Cloth diapers were so much more comfortable for my baby , with no sweaty and painful rashes as many babies get from disposable diapers.However , when I received this order and opened it - I was amazed at how much sizing was in the fabric , how rough they were , and maybe most of all , how very thin they are . Some of them are hardly thicker than gauze . Parts of a diaper may be much thinner than other parts of the same diaper , although none was thick enough to be adequate . I kept them because I hate returning things and I hoped washing them over and over might make them softer so I could find some use for them . So far I 've washed them many times , and put white vinegar in the last rinse of some of the washes . The vinegar helps to remove excess soap . All that washing and rinsing , even in vinegar rinse , did not make the diapers any softer . I ca n't think of anything to use them for now . Perhaps as a ` rag ' to wipe up excess paint or varnish ? I could have made rags from old soft clothing that was ready to discard , and it would have been much cheaper than these diapers.I do not advise anyone buying these diapers to use on a baby or even to use as a burp cloth ; they are not thick enough for a burp cloth , even folded over several times . And if you want to use them for other purposes , such as dusting , just think if it matters to you if tiny scratches are left behind when you dust with these diapers . I am very disappointed in a brand name such as Gerber putting out such a flimsy and sleazy product .
 These are just too thin to be used as diapers . They are also a strange shape which makes them difficult to fold to be used as diapers . I do n't use them . They are just sitting in a drawer . I think I will try to use them as burp cloths as they are useless to me right now .
 Buying diapers again after 27 years , as a grandmother , I was disappointed . I expected a soft cloth . These are not what I was expecting . I recall the large single ply diapers that were excellent for everythin and also the prefilded ones that were as soft as a cloud . These are rather flimsy but I guess for a lap pad they will work .
 I bought these to use for cleaning eye glass lenses but that are sooooo rough I 'm afraid they will scratch the lens . They are thin , rough and very odd shaped . I certainly would n't use these for a baby-even as aspit up rag !!!
 I just received these as a gift and will be returning them . I had intended to use them as burp cloths , but they are way too thin and not absorbent at all ! You can see right through them . Plus , the fabric is really scratchy . Not at all what I was expecting .
 I 'm not sure how other people can give these a good review , or maybe I do n't know what they 're supposed to be used for ? Certainly not diapers ! My mother recommended that I get some flatfold cloth diapers just for cleaning up messes , using for burp pads , etc. . The ones she meant were the cushioned ones , however . These are the consistency of cheesecloth - I mean like , see-through ! I 'm returning immediately .
 These are fine for what I bought them for , burp clothes , etc. . But I ca n't imagine anyone being able to use these as actual diapers . They feel as thin as cheese cloth . They also got even flimsier after the first wash .
 We decided to try these cloth diapers as burp clothes since friends told us it 's not worth paying the premium on burp cloths . I just washed these Gerber ones for the first time and they came out of the washer/dryer wrinkled , tattered looking . The fabric/yarn from all four corners pulled out so I had to take a scissor to trim them off . I imagine the next time we put them in the washer , the fabric will just keep pulling out . What a disappointment ! The material is extermely , key word , extremely thin . I do n't see how these could hold up anything if used as a diaper . The material feels really rough . When we use it as a burp cloths I have to fold it 3 times to make it a little thicker and absorbant otherwise it just leaks right through.Unfortunately I already washed all 12 and ca n't return them . I am going to just pay the higher premium for real thicker , softer burp cloths .
 I bought these diapers to use as dish towels since I had been using old birdseye diapers this way for many years because they are soft , smooth and very absorbent . They also tolerate being bleached every week . These that I got from Gerber were horrible quality fabric , rough , uneven , thin and the machine hems are uneven and ugly . These are no better than cheese cloth rags . I wish I knew where to get the real thing .
 These are nothing more than pieces of cheesecloth , with sewn edges to prevent fraying . I have posted the picture to clearly show how unbelievably thin they really are . I ca n't think of anything other than squeezing the water out of cheese that I would be able to use these for . You can see right through the mesh material , so I would n't even think of blowing my nose , let alone diapering a baby , or chancing a good shirt on spit-ups with these useless see-through , cheesecloth squares . I 'm completely baffled by the number of good reviews these , and similar Gerber cloth diapers get . It is as if the good reviewers have a different product for which they are writing a review for . I suggest shopping in person for cloth diapers , so you can actually see , and feel the material with your own eyes , before buying them .
 These are cheap and terrible . When I washed them before use , they nearly fell apart ! Little pieces are coming off . I would never use these for burp cloths ; the baby could choke on the pieces.Gerber 12-Pack Flatfold Birdseye Cloth Diapers - White
 I bought these for use as burp cloths with my first three children , the last in 2007 . They were fantastic . After the boys outgrew the need for burp cloths , they still liked to sleep with them , they were so soft.I recently bought another package in anticipation of our 4th baby , and I could not be more disappointed . They are 2/3 the size of the originals . The edges are serged - and not very carefully - instead of finished . The fabric is rough , even after washing . I have searched for a better alternative with no luck.I do n't know what caused Gerber to alter the quality of their product , but I am one very disappointed customer . I will not be recommending them to anyone .
 These are the least expensive and what my mom raised us on -- but NOT . The negative reviews of this product are quite true . -LRB- Wish I had listened -RRB- . I thought if I washed these on hot 4-5 times as some have suggested , they would turn into what I remember my younger sibling having . Nope -- ca n't tell you how much water and electricity I have wasted and they are still gauze . They come out of the drier looking like the tissue you forgot to remove from your pocket . I found myself trying to iron them back into a square ; rediculous and difficult.They are absorbent , but lack substance while still being bulky . In other words not much capacity . Not easy to fold in the shape they turn into . Not even worth using for a burp cloth -LRB- which the old Gerber ones were great for -RRB- -- your shoulder will get wet . These are NOT what Gerber used to make -LRB- sadly -RRB- . See OsoCozy for a true birdseye flat fold -- even better than what Gerber used to produce .
 Made in China crap ... NOT made in the usa . Typical Gerber lies . Yes I know , got sucked into ordering and Chinese crap showed up ... who knows what chemicals it 's tainted with . Look someplace else if you want made in the USA and expect a quality product .
 We are beginning to try cloth diaper systems and started with these as a first pass , as they were among the cheapest and best selling . I would not recommend them , as they lack the absorbance , softness , and durability I am looking for . In short , it 's very cheap cloth and may be useful when double or tripled up for alternative uses . We will continue to use these only as a backup . I much prefer a natural cotton trifold diaper that we bought at a local store . It 's twice the price but 10-times the quality .
 I purchased these cloth diapers to use as a liner on the changing station of my pack & play . They are very thin , so I have to double them up and then fold them in half . They are absorbent -LRB- I have twin boys , so we have our share of accidents during diaper changes -RRB- . Another reason that I 'm not crazy about them is that I need to wash them by themselves ; they release a TON of lint that gets all over the other items in a shared load . All in all , I would not purchase these again .
 Stay away . These are as thin as gauzy receiving blankets . At least get the 3-ply ones Gerber sells . Even those are n't great , but they have to be better than these .
 After washing/drying in HE machine these they shrunk sooooo much after using them and washing/drying them over and over again they shrunk even more , these are the ugliest flats i had to buy green mountains flat which are a couple cents more there huge ! did ` nt shrink like the gerbers and we use them for everything including diapering ! ... pass the gerbers they STINK !!!!! Okay okay i must admit i talked to much ... these are great for cleaning up everything your kiddos spill , i now have grown to love them , i use them as i would paper towels ... lol .
 The product name is known forever but the flat diapers were way too thin for what I needed . The price was reasonable but much too thin . OK for polishing , cleaning , etc but not for my creations .
 Yep , flat diapers are indispensible for baby . But skip the Gerbers!I 'd decided to cloth diaper , and got some fantastic -LRB- big , thick , soft -RRB- birdseye flats for $ 12 per dozen , online -LRB- Google flat diapers -RRB- . At the shower I was given some of these , and I thought `` cool , some cheapies for the non-diapering situations . `` I was shocked to find they 're not that cheap , and even more shocked at the -LRB- lack of -RRB- quality . After 5 weeks , these are still sitting untouched on the shelf , even though my tendency to grab my `` diapering diapers '' for everything has me running short on diapers a lot !
 I bought these with the sole intent of using them as burp cloths , since many other reviews have suggested this use . When I opened the package I was shocked at how thin the material is . I can actually see clearly through them ! They also do n't retain their shape at all after one washing.I was n't upset at first because I knew I was not planning on using them as diapers . However , I folded the `` diaper '' in half to use as a burp cloth and the spit up leaked right through ! Are you kidding me?I am irritated enough to have wasted money on not-so-great burp cloths ... but I think it is terrible that Gerber uses the word diaper on the label . There is NO WAY these could be used as a diaper ! The material is like cheesecloth !
 They took time figuring out how I could best use them . Meanwhile he 's soiling everything up around him before I could get it folded and refolded because the diaper is so big
 I gave these one star because I think they are unsuitable for the intended use as a cloth diaper . I bought these thinking they were comparable to the prefold cloth diapers that I have used as burp cloths in the past ... . you should be aware that they are very , very thin . They are so thin that they are transparent . Even when I folded them they did n't seem half as thick and absorbant as the prefolds . The prefold diapers are much more suitable for cloth diapering and burp cloth use ... spend the extra $ $ $ on them . These probably will make nice rags for cleaning ... . but I definitely do n't recommend them as diapers or burp cloths .
 Bought these on sale at Babies RUS . Well , now I know why they are so frequently on sale . The cloth is too thin and flimsy to use as diapers or burp cloths , and even worse , the material sheds little fibers constantly into the air . I had to wash an entire load of laundry again because all the fibers from these diapers got onto them , . They shed even after they are washed and dried.Terrible quality !
 This fabric is NOT birdseye - it 's actually a flimsy gauze.Real birdseye cloth has a TIGHT weave . Gauze is very loosely woven - exactly like the cloth these so-called diapers are made of.This product is being falsely advertised , and I 'm really mad.The only thing that this cloth has in common with real birdseye cloth is that they pressed the gauze to appear as though it has a diamond weave - which it does not.One other thing
 These diapers are so poorly made that pieces come off if they are washed , and cling to all of the other clothes . The seams are not finished in many of the diapers . I just wanted some soft cloths to use for dusting , but got the worst rags I ever saw . The manufacturer should be ashamed . I assume that they were made in some down-trodden part of the world , because no one in America would let them out of their door .
 In 2006 , I bought a dozen of the Gerber flat diapers . I liked them . They were a good weave , strong twist cotton . However , I went back to purchase more later and was sadly disappointed . The company had changed the fabric , weave , and how they were made . The old ones had a woven selvage and were serged on the ends with a soft thread . The new ones were serged all around , and used a different thread that was not soft . I returned the new ones , and wore out my old ones . A couple of times a year I open a package in the store to see if they are any different , but have not seen any positive changes.For anyone who wants to use them as rags or light towels , they may be just fine , but for diapers , they are nothing compared to the older ones.I also tried the prefolds with the `` absorbent '' middle . I finally cut one open after finding they would not hold even one ounce of liquid -LRB- lay diaper in colander , over a large bowl , pour one ounce water onto diaper , then measure what falls into the bowl -RRB- and discovered that they are filled with polyester batting . The batting makes them soft and puffy , but polyester does not absorb liquid.If you want flat diapers , look online for Indian or Chinese flats , or , maybe even something made in the USA ! Same with prefolds . Gerber makes good pins and nice baby clothes , but do n't waste time and money on their cloth diapers .
 I registered for these diapers and was very disappointed . I wish I would have gotten another kind . These have been washed only a few times and not even dryed in the dryer . These have all kinds of pilling and strings coming apart . I do n't think these will last very long . Save yourself the money and buy regular burp cloths or another type of diaper .
 Whether you are using these diapers for diapering or for burp cloths , I suggest you look at the version with the padded absorbent center . This version is too thin to serve as either a burp cloth or for diapering . However , the same brand , with the absorbent center pad , is much better .
 i am very disappointed with these diapers . they are very thin . i purchased these with the intention to use as burp clothes . now i will have to spend twice .
 I have experience with other brands of flat diaper cloths . I needed more , so I bought a pack of Gerbers and I was very disappointed . They are as thin as gauze and spit-up runs right though them . The edges are finished with some kind of cheap polyester felt that lacks any absorbency and frays easily . The Gerber cloths shrank so much that I ca n't possibly use them as diapers even if I tried.If these were named `` utility cloths , '' I could understand . But calling them diapers is a joke . Gerber used to be known for quality , but these are junk .
 I did not like this drying rack . The bottles never seemed to get dry because they sat down to far . They also fell off easily . I purchased a less expensive drying rack that I loved and still use even for other things .
 I use Dr. Brown 's bottles . There are not enough places to put the bottles , and the various parts that need to dry . Things seemes to sit in standing water which is not very clean . The sippy cup lid drying area is useless for bottles . I threw it out on day 2 and went back to laying out cleaned parts on a clean dish-towel ...
 We use Dr. Brown 's bottles so there are 5 pieces to dry PER BOTTLE . This rack is n't large enough to dry more than 2 bottles at a time which is frustrating because our sterilizer holds way more than 2 bottles.I guess if you do n't use Dr. Brown 's bottles this rack may serve it 's purpose , but when I find a better rack I 'll let you know .
 Do n't waste you money or your counterspace.This item is something that my wife `` had to have '' for our first baby . We used it for less than a month before it went back in the box . We use the wide mouth Avent bottles , and the rack does n't hold more than six bottles . The wide mouth bottles also had a tendancy to fall off the holders and roll into the sink . It was n't long before we packed it up and just started putting the bottles in the dishrack with the dishes .
 This rack worked great when our daughter used the Playtex Ventaire bottles but it totally stunk when she was using teh Avent and Dr. Brown 's wide neck bottels . They were jsut too wide to fit in the rack . Add the collars and nipples were all too big to fit in the compartment . We really had problems when we had all teh pieces of the Dr. Brown 's to deal with too . We tried a couple other drying racks too ... Prince Lionheart and Munchkins ... but we never found one that really worked for us . Most times we just washed them and laid them on a towel on the counter to dry
 I registered for this product thinking it would be a great asset . Like other reviewers , found this drying rack to be difficult to use if you use wide neck bottles . Also the compartment for holding bottle tops was very flimsy and would not stay in place . My advise go with another brand .
 We use Dr. Brown 's bottles and I bought this in hopes of keeping everything organized . It does a marginally satisfactory job . I can keep enough of the parts in it , but they are n't organized ... more like piled . If you use Dr. Brown 's bottles , you might not be happy .
 For my baby 's 8oz Avent bottles , the front racks could not handle the weight and it would drop them in the sink . Also , the brush is very stiff and would not get the bottom of the bottles cleaned .
 I really loved this drying rack when my son only used bottles . It even worked good for smaller sippy cups . But now that we have large sippy cups , I can only fit maybe 4 cups on it to dry . And we go through a lot more than that ! It still works great at holding all the lids and valves , just not the cups .
 This bottle rack only works well with 4oz . bottles . As soon as you switch to bigger ones , not only is there not enough room , the supports are not strong enough and the bottles fall all over the place .
 This drying rack drove us crazy . We placed the rack on a shelf above the sink . When the holder was full , it would constantly fall over and the bottles would end up in the sink . I say buy another brand
 We use Gerber bottles . It did n't fit anything we needed it for so we threw it out . Fortunately it did n't cost too much . Could n't return it as we did try to use it once or twice , but it did n't work out for us .
 I purchased this , and do not find it very time-saving , sanitary , or easy to use . The little pegs that are suppossed to hold up the bottles are not strong enough , so they fold down , causing a domino effect with your bottles . If you use wide neck bottles , you can only fit a couple on the rack at a time . Also , the base of this is solid , so air does not circulate that well -LRB- unlike a simple dish drainer , which allows maximum air flow -RRB- . Bottle are often still wet inside when I go to use them the next day . Not very sanitary in my opinion . Its a good idea , but it needs some work
 I keep 10 bottles in this at the moment . It is a little cramped with just that . Bottle brush is poor quality . Bottom legs pop off at will . This item could have been made much better .
 I breastfed , and even after she started using sippy cups & bottles , I rarely used this rack . It 's sitting dusty on the shelf . What a waste of money , at least for me .
 After purchasing and using it once that 's what I came to find . I was told by everyone to just put the bottles and nipples in the dishwasher , because the tempertures are as if I was steralizing . Who knows , maybe I 'll use it in the future for sippy cups or something , but I highly doubt it .
 I registered for this drying rack and was very unhappy . The bottle pegs fold for storage , but mine do n't stay up at all . Mine fall over even when there are no bottles in it . My bottles are always falling into the sink . Now I just use my regular dish rack . It works so much better and holds more bottles .
 We are constantly having to rewash things because they fall over into the sink . The parts were the bottles go are not very strong and do n't support the bottles . Also you ca n't use it for large bottles . Try another brand .
 These are fine for storage , but I got tired of having to pour into other bottles to feed . I found the Avent pump conversion kit online and bought that . With it , I can screw the Avent bottles I use to feed my baby right onto the shields . That was a better buy than this .
 not nipples and rings and caps ... a set of 10 bottles that can be used for freezer storage too . Now I do n't have to buy the freezer bags anymore , unless I am storing A LOT of milk.I have heard the nipples , etc. that come with this set do n't work well . If you want to be able to feed from the bottles that come with your medela pump , the Evenflo Elite line has a nipple and ring that fit these bottles . They come in different flow rates too . I always keep one with the pump in case I suddenly have a hungry baby !
 I wish I had not bought these BEFORE I really had experience with pumping and feeding , did n't know what I needed and just got the set that goes with the pump . This week I went to my nearby ... store and bought * 16 * 4 oz Evenflo bottles ... - no nipples but I do n't need too many more . I do n't see the Evenflo bottles on the site , sorry . My 5 wk old baby is also having some issues with these nipples , as noted by the other reviewers below .
 I bought a Medela pump -LRB- love it ! -RRB- and some bottles came with it . I also bought an extra set of bottles . It was a complete waste of money . I am telling you - these bottles leak out of the top between the o-shaped lid and the nipple . DO NOT BUY THEM ! If you 're concerned about freezer storage , just buy the Medela pump and save bags , they work great . For pumping , you can attach almost any bottle and store those in the fridge . Seriously , this is such a hassle . You ca n't take these bottles anywhere without spilling all over and you do n't want to mess with them at 3 a.m. when they 're dumping milk all over you child , trust me !
 These bottles are useful for storing milk ... they are sturdy and fit in bottle warmers nicely . My baby hates them for feeding , however . I now just use these for storage and then pour the warmed milk into Playtex Nurser bottles . I bought the Medela system when I was pregnant b/c I wanted what was best for my baby ... and I was led to believe that Medela nipples would be most like the breast . Um , no . Take one look at them and it 's pretty clear . My baby would n't even take it in her mouth . She instantly responded to the Playtex nipples , however . Much , much better !
 The bottle quality is n't great for the price . Dr. Brown 's bottles -LRB- the narrow ones -RRB- screw right into the Pump In Style . So you can pump and use , just as you would with these bottles . If you use regular bottles , the Evenflo set is 1/3 of the price and fits right in . Or you can buy Evenflo bottles without the nipples for $ 4.99 to pour into other brands of bottles . I use Dr. Brown 's - since those are pricey , when I use up all of those , I just use the Evenflo to store extra milk and pour it into the Dr. Brown 's bottles .
 I bought these for I needed more bottles to store freezer breastmilk . If you are going to use them also for feeding I found the nipples to flow to quickly for my little one . I used a different bottle for feeding and wish I would have gotten nestmom.com website before purchasing as I got their mother milkmate storage system for 27.00 . It includes 10 5oz bottles and a handy rack for the freezer keeping oldest milk in front . The 27 also includes shipping - The bottles fit on both medela and ameda breast pumps . It is well worth the money and wish I had n't bought the medela bottles as they are no longer being used .
 I have a medela `` pump in style '' breastpump , so I use this set daily . It is great for pumping and for storage , but I ca n't use these nipples for feeding because the milk comes out of the nipple much to quickly -LRB- even though they claim to be `` low flow '' nipples -RRB- . I had to buy Nuk 's low flow nipples instead , and they have worked well with this set . So if you use this set , I would suggest buying other low flow nipples to use with it . Other than that , the set works well .
 These are a complete waste of money . The nipples flow too fast for a newborn . I tried using them many times during my return to work transition and my daughter choked and cried during each feeding . She also swallowed so much air-I was burping her for what seemed hours . The bottles are too expensive for just storage-you can purchase generic breastmilk storage bottles made by evenflow for $ 3.99 ... personally I like to use the storage bags laid flat in my freezer , they take up less space .
 Do n't bother with these . They are expensive for only 4 bottles and totally unnecessary . It is much easier to buy storage bags . If you are pumping full time , you will be storing alot more than 4 bottles at a time . I also found that I did not like these bottles for feeding because they do nothing to prevent air from entering baby 's belly and the result is gas or worse , colic.They also flow too fast for newborns .
 I ordered this product thinking it would be great if I could pump directly into the bottles we 'd be feeding our baby with , eliminates a step right ? Well , having the extra bottles for pumping has been great and the work well in the freezer but they do n't work well for feeding . Milk seems to pour out our newborns mouth -LRB- 3 mos now -RRB- . I hate pumping and really hate seeing my milk being wastes so we have stopped using the bottles to feed and only for storage . I like the evenflow glass bottles better , she wastes very little milk with those
 I was very disappointed in this product . It was highly recommended by the hospital , so I bought TWO sets of these bottles before my baby was born . After breastfeeding for about four or more weeks , I tried to get her to take a bottle and she refused the Medela nipple . We also tried the Avent nipple and she did n't like those , either . We finally ended up with the Playtex Premium . She only needed a small amount of coaxing to take those . Now she 's a pro ! -LRB- Anyone need my Medela set ???? -RRB-
 After washing product once it begin to peal up with little fuzz balls . Product is not very durable , I would not recommend it to anyone , there are better products out there .
 Yes , this pad is a waterproof pad that is very absorbent , and I like it to use in bottom of packnplay or to take with me on the road or for changing baby on the floor . BUT , the quality of the fabric is TERRIBLE . Once washed , even on delicate and dried on delicate , it starts to get very fuzzy , it balls up and pills and leaves lint on the baby and everything it touches !! Also , I question the balls of lint on it , do they create uncomfortable pressure points for baby ?? Probably , I would n't want to be laying my skin or back on it ! If only they made this pad with a 200 thread count or higher cotton cover that did n't do this it would be perfect . What I found I liked better or on top of this pad is the 3pak of Waterproof pads sold at Wal-mart by Baby Connection . They are a heavy felt type pad that is thinner than these - so I get my soft smooth surface , even after many washings , BUT they do n't absorb accidents as well as these . So -- > get a small quantity of each kind , do n't stock up on too many of these , the lint and fuzz may drive your crazy like it does me when it 's stuck to my baby , then my clothes , etc. .
 I will start by agreeing that these are absorbent ... however , after several washings , the fabric has begun to pill and the pads -LRB- I have the smaller ones -RRB- have definitely shrunk . I have had to use a sweater stone to get the little balls off of them , otherwise they look horrible and feel even worse . I still gave this product 2 stars , 1 for the absorbancy , and 1 because they are a good idea and great to have on hand . I keep them in the top drawer of my son 's changing table and like to throw them on top of the changing pad cover when I know I 'll be getting into more than just a wet diaper . Just a little too much work with washing and `` deballing '' - I 'd rather spend more money on a more quality product that withstands the contstant washings associated with anything coming in contact with an infant .
 The layers of my pad literally split apart , and since I live overseas now , I think I 'll splurge for the more expensive Carter 's pad for baby # 2 , since I ca n't just walk into the store to return it ! It also pilled and was ugly , but it does a good job , even better than the -LRB- non-quilted variety -RRB- absorbent lap pads , which if your li'l one pees on the table , will run everywhere until it is absorbed . These work faster !
 i got these to put on my bed for my son 's morning massage-cuz by now it 's no secret what little boys do once those nappies come off ! the first time i used it i seriously used the expression `` let 's see how good these really are '' ... only to be terribly disappointed
 I bought the smaller version of these in a three pack . I washed them before our first use and they became very linty . They have continued to gather more fuzz balls with each washing . We wo n't be able to use them with our future babies beacause they look terrible now . However , they are quite absorbant and soft . We use them on our changing table and in her bassinet .
 I feel this product is o.k. but it pills after first wash and is not soft at all . It thought I could use it for `` tummy time '' but I do n't feel it 's soft enough for a baby 's delicate facial skin to be next to . If you want to purchase this item save yourself shipping and go to Walmart to buy .
 I just got this as a gift . I thought after reading the reviews that this product was great but I was mistaken . I just washed it and it 's full of little balls and lint all over . I 'm heading to Babies R Us to return it . There has to be another one that washes better than this one . IF it looks this bad after its first wash , I would hate to see what it 'll look like after several washes .
 Once you wash this , it pills horribly . The pilling is so bad , that I do n't deem it safe to lay my son on top of the pad for fear that he 'll ingest the tufts of fiber . Not to mention that it looks pretty shabby , too . I was only able to use these for a few weeks , under my bassinet sheet .
 The pad is great because of its versitility , however after about 4 washings the back plastic has large tears in it . I even used the hand wash cycle each time I washed it .
 I agree with the first reviewer . I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this product . My daughter also wets on the pad between the old diaper and the new one and so we had to purchase a solid changing pad to avoid wet spots on our bed . The problem with the product is that it has stitching between the quilted areas and they must use a big needle because there are stitch holes that allow wetness to just leak right through . I want my money back !!
 This is definitely not waterproof . Potty goes right into the quilting . The first time my daughter piddled on it was the last time we used it . I tried to clean it and never could get the potty smell out of it . It needs to be solid and not quilted . Not worth buying .
 I bought this pad thinking it would be waterproof since it is vinyl , not a chance ! My daughter has timed her diaper changes such that she has had accidents after the diaper is off . To my surprise the pad leaked thru ! What a disappointment , save your money on this one !
 when they say colors may vary , they actually mean that your princess cups may , in fact , be dump truck cups .
 Pay careful attention to the wording . I tried to order some girly sippy cups like the ones pictured but ended up with dump trucks and dinosaurs . I guess dump trucks and dinosaurs it will be : /
 I 've tried many sippy cups in an effort to find one that does n't leak . I purchased these sippy cups based on the raving reviews about how durable these sippy cups are and how they do n't leak . However , as soon as I received the cups , I tested them out by turning them upside down and THEY LEAKED , so they easily leak when my toddler plays around with them . PLUS , THEY ARE NOT DURABLE ! They now have tons of chew marks from my 20 month old little girl , which did not happen with the other sippy cups I 've tried . Needless to say , I 've very disappointed in this product and wished I would have returned them upon first noticing that they leak .
 I 'm very unhappy with this product . These sheets fell apart after the second washing ! They should certainly be able to stand up to an ordinary washer and dryer and not fall apart immediately . I pulled them out of my dryer after the second washing and the sheets were full of big holes ! Do n't waste your money on this product .
 The shape and size of this booster seat is perfect , but the material used to make it is awful . The booster seat has a spray-on plastic covering that peels like paint . I am constantly cleaning it off of my son and the chair the booster seat is on . The picture online was of a blue booster seat , but the booster seat that was sent to us was sage green . This was definitely not worth the money .
 Okay , we 've only had ours for 4 months , just past the 90 day mark and the seat has already cracked and fallen apart ! Cracked meaning , the seat part where our toddler sits has cracked and come a apart from the sides ! This is n't a cheap booster seat either . We 've tried to contact the seller and the manufacturer but NO response back to us . I would not waste your money and just buy a good brand that you know will last ...
 My parents purchased one of these when they were unable to find a second Cooshie Booster for when we visit with our kids . It is inferior to the Cooshie Booster in the following ways :1 -RRB- booster is so short , it hardly gives your child a `` boost `` 2 -RRB- base of booster is not solid , so you can not easily raise it using pillows or large books3 -RRB- the kids find it to be uncomfortable4 -RRB- plastic is slippery on hard surface seatsGiven a choice , my kids -LRB- ages 3 & 5 -RRB- will never choose to sit in this booster -- they fight over the Cooshie Booster instead !
 We have the mint colored Prince Lionheart soft booster seat . After 18 months of use with our middle child this product has developed cracks around the rear edge of the seat . While the booster is still useable , I 'm guessing it will be completely unusable in about 6 months . I 'm not sure if the cracks are because of the material used in creating the seat or the the seat design . The seat is open on the bottom with ribs or cross bars to support the seat made from the same plastic material as the seat . The seat is cracking where there is no material reinforcement.Our older child has used the BabySmart Cooshee Booster Seat for 4 + year and it is still going strong . The BabySmart Cooshee Booster has a solid base . I 'm not how it 's designed internally , but it 's held up very well .
 We 've had this booster for a couple years now , and I just ca n't stand it anymore . It just looks terrible ! It is impossible to keep clean because it 's seat surface is porous and textured . It absorbs stains and is difficult to wipe up messes completely because it is n't smooth . Also , it shifts easily when my toddler tries to climb in himself , causing many near falls . We also have a Fisher Price plastic booster and a Cooshie booster that I much prefer . Definitely wish I had n't bought this one , and will replace it soon .
 My purchase has been airing out for nearly 2 months . It smells like it has been dipped and soaked in perfume . At first I let it outgas in an attached garage but eventually moved it outside where I suppose it serves as a wildlife repellent.I 'm not sure how it works as a booster seat but if you want instant potpourri - odd mixture of chemical outgassing and a kind of baby powder smell - then this is for you . It makes my eyes water.Other reviews talk about the paint peeling off . Perhaps , this coating is the source of the odor . After some more `` weathering '' I hope to let my granddaughter try it out before she graduates to regular chairs .
 This booster chair never made its way out of the box . Its chemical smell was too noxious to warrant even a peekaboo . Even the best designed chair fails miserably when you ca n't stand to get near it for the fumes . My search continues ...
 My son starting using this at about 15 months . By 30 months it was broken down . It cracked severely in numerous places . His feet continue to get stuck in it when he stands up . I much preferred the softer Cooshie Booster Seat that my older son had . It still tore in a few places but the seat part is still in tact , unlike this one .
 This booster seemed like a good substitute for the MIA cooshee boosters that we have loved so much . Unfortunately , the seat surface has an odd , deep texture and it is IMPOSSIBLE to wipe clean . I have to SCRUB and SCRUB and SCRUB with a washcloth after every use and still have a very hard time wiping up any spills , even when wiping up immediately . Very VERY poor planning on the manufacturers part . Toddlers and preschoolers are messy eaters!Also , the `` mint '' green is more like lime green , so disappointed there too.Only plus is that the underside has four little `` feet '' which eliminates damage done to your wooden dining chairs like the cooshee booster did , but I would still take the cooshee booster any day if it was still available .
 I purchased four of these for my daycare and regret it . They are very hard to clean because the seat has a texture that food sticks in . There 's no just wiping these down . You have to spray them down and really scrub . I have owned the Cooshee brand as well and they are far superior . I wish I would have spent the extra few dollars for Cooshees .
 i got this bottles for my 3 month baby he hates the nipple because the milk flow is real slow he would have the bottle in his mouth for like an hour and he would only finish 4OZ with his other bottles it would only take 20 min . so the bottles are nice the colors are bright i change the nipples to the playtex advance they fit nicely and dont leek
 Maybe we did smth wrong but nothing comes out.My baby was sucking for 10 minutes and nothing!i 've been using Avent with my both kids and the FDA approves the use of BPA in baby bottles.So I went back to Avent
 FYI !! This particular bottle is NOT BPA FREE ! Not all of Nuby 's bottles are BPA Free . Only their `` Polypropylene Line '' of bottles are BPA Free . The packaging will say `` Polypropylene '' bottles . This is the only way you 'll know . They wo n't actually say `` BPA Free '' . Very confusing - but these here are not the BPA Free Bottles !!
 I really liked the quality of the bottle . It was sturdy , seemed of good quality , and nice looking . Unfortunately , my 3 month old was not able to get any milk out of the nipple . I ended up having to switch bottles in the middle of a feeding because he was screaming so much from not being able to get his food . Every baby is different and maybe in a few months I can try again but at this point , it is useless and I can not recommend it .
 This pack-n-play does not fit through doorways ... so you have to disassemble it every time you move it . I ca n't believe no one commented on that fact . Unless I just have unusually sized doorways ? -LRB- I think they 're pretty standard -RRB- . The bag it comes in does n't have handles , so you have to put it in another larger duffle bag of your own if you want to actually travel with it . The mattress is n't comfortable and sags with my 11 pound infant on it . I 'm very disappointed with it . Way too bulky and heavy to travel on airplane anywhere . I am going to invest in a smaller , lighter , travel infant bed instead .
 We purchased a Graco Pack and Play for when our new grandson visits.The only thing that went according to plan was removing it from the box . This thing should be simple - right . Wrong . We were able to snap the ends in place - we could not snap the sides in place . One of the straps that secure the bottom of the crib to the legs soon ripped off . We finally gave up and decided to fold the ends up again . You do this by depressing a button , opps , that did n't work either . One end just wo n't come unsnapped . Perhaps I should read the instructions , the only instructions are printed on the bottom of the crib , they say snap it in place and push the button to unsnap . Great help . Made in China , I should have known better.My wife tells me that her brother has this same product for his grandkids . He got it together , folded it up to move and was unable to put it up again.If you want a headache buy this thing . Junk.To top everything off , I went on the Graco web site to give them feedback . The web site would not accept my comments .
 This item was never received . I was notified that it could not be located one month after my order .
 if you like to sleep your baby in a Wok , then get this playard . the mattress sags and sinks in the center to form a hole . The mattress pad consists of 4 boards and they are supported by 2 small metal rods from the bottom on both sides to keep it straight and prevent it from sagging , but the rods are too short and they only covers the 2 middles board of the mattress , and the other 2 boards on each extremities raises upward and make the whole mattress look like a wok . my baby was 5 lbs when she was born and she hated sleeping in this playard and still hating it until now -LRB- she is 11 lbs now -RRB- . Everyone who comes for visit look at the playard and ask the same question
 I got this pack and play for my second child , a girl . It is fine but has many flaws . For the early months , you have to bend over too far to change the diaper so I would recommend paying extra for a bigger higher one . Also the diaper changer tilts to one side and did so since she came home at only 6lbs ! She would roll to the side with every diaper change which was really annoying . Lastly , the mobile is useless . It would have been great to have an electric one so she could listen to the music and watch it . Who in their right mind has the time to stand there and push the mobile by hand ? Not me ! I would buy a different one .
 We bought this to use as a bassinet in our room so later down the road we could use it to travel with . At first it worked really well . But I had a couple problems with it . - After breaking it down , we had a hard time getting the sides to stay up . - The mattress warps . It does n't lay flat in the bassinet . - The changer is at a awkward level for me . When I change him it hurts my back . -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 -RRB- - My son loves vibration attachment but it will turn on on its own and shorts out . - The timer is n't long enough . Even if I select the longest time for the vibration , it only seems to last about 3 or 4 minutes .
 As a lifeguard and swim instructor who has worked at several public pools and works with people who have worked at many others , I have found a common theme of these being banned at almost all public pools because , when worn alone , they do not form an appropriate sanitary barrier . If worn with a plastic swim diaper with elastic around the legs they can work quite well . But when they are not they can lead to contamination of the water .
 The little swimmers work just fine but this price is NOT a good price - I found the diapers much cheaper at the store !
 VERY strong chemical smell coming off of these . They do not contain the poo ... it leaks out . Get a cloth swim diaper ! We did and they actually work .
 Boutht this for my twins . It ends up just sitting around . It 's very heavy so not really something they like to play with . The plastic is hard to so they have smacked it on their heads . There are plenty of other teethers out there that are softer/lighter . Not something I would recommend
 If this product actually spun around like a lazy susan , which I thought it would , it would have a much better rating . But turning this thing does n't really work . Would have been better off getting small shelves to fit more baby food in the cabinet .
 This baby food carousel was a good idea but it needs to be excecuted better . Every time I try to spin it around the shelf collapses down to the next shelf . I actually finally just took it off the counter because it was driving me crazy !
 I liked the way this looked online , but when I opened it I was disappointed ! The center column was nearly impossible to `` snap '' together . Then to try to slide the bases down was also a challenge . In the end , we finally got it together but it does not rotate !!!!!!
 for organized people like me , we need to have everything in a proper place and in a perfect position . i thought this would help , but it didnt at all.i cant even think of a pro to talk about.do yourself a favor and dont buy this.cons : - too plastickyyy - the products and materials look too cheap , so if you have an elegant and sleek kitchen , definatly not worth putting such cheap stuff on your expensive counter . - if you dont fill it up properly , all the food will fall out . - waste of space really . - doesnt fit all types of food jars .
 I am on my 5th child , from ages 14 to 6 months ... and having used several , this is the WORST organizer I 've ever used ! Going back immediately . The so-called adjustable shelves CONSTANTLY come out of their `` locked '' position , causing the entire shelf to fall down on the one below it ! Pinched my finger in the process , so really glad I did n't ask my younger daughter to get the baby food . Thought at first that I put it together wrong , but did n't , it 's really just that poorly designed and therefore useless .
 Not good for larger houses . Ours picks up radio signals sometimes .
 We went through three of these before we finally gave up . Our poor baby was crying and we did n't know cause it stopped working in the middle of the night . I luckily am a light sleeper . Also the static is bad especially if you have a cell phone any where near . We bought a cheaper , safety first brand and have not had any problems .
 We are looking to return this to Target . It has way too much static , enough to make it hard to hear Nicolas when he first starts to wake up.Other review comments also seem to be accurate : - lights are very bright - touching or moving the unit when on produces loud cracking sound - picks up all kinds of electrical `` noise `` Check the other ratings at Amazon , this is one of the worst rated . Look for something else .
 just like everyone else all I got was static and radio . . it was too loud to have on while sleeping and a complete waste of $ 20 . . I had a sony babycall with our first born and it worked much better , we just had another baby and yesterday I got a safety first 3 room monitoring system and so far it works like a dream ! I can hear my 23 month old and my 1 month old that sleep in separate rooms , it has 2 parental units that have a walkie-talkie feature . . which is great for our two-level townhouse if I wan na talk to hubby downstairs . . okay so not everyone will need a 3 room monitor for $ 150 but atleast it works ! the only thing I liked about this monitor was the nightlight : |
 The static on this unit is horrible and virtually every night , for no reason at all , the power cord becomes disconnected from the monitor unit and it goes off . I have to push it back in multiple times to get it to work . If I had it to do over again , I 'd buy another product . If I could give it zero stars , I would . When it comes time to retire this , I plan to take a hammer to it . Do NOT buy this product .
 When I was pregnant the first time , not knowing anything about baby monitors , I put this one on my registry . I wish I had n't . A very lovely friend purchased it for me and I appreciate her generosity , but man , this thing is a piece of garbage.The static that comes through is horrible at first and having been using it for the past two years , it 's only gotten worse . I find it hard to get to sleep at night over the constant static it emits . Worse than that , is the Spanish-speaking radio station I tend to pick up on a clear night . Hey , I like Mariachi as much as the next person , not so much on my baby monitor.Next complaint is the volume dial . You have to turn it up past the second setting to even get sound out of the receiver . The first time I used it , I did n't know this and there 's no telling how long my baby cried before I knew what was happening . I still feel guilty about that . Secondly , when you turn the monitor off , there 's a loud crackling noise that tends to be loud enough to wake anyone else in the room that might have managed to get to sleep over the static and `` La Cucaracha '' . Now that our second child is due to arrive , I 'm throwing this thing out and getting something better . I ca n't deal with another two years of static and late night jam sessions .
 I bought 2 sets of these monitors because I wanted one in my 2 year olds room-he just moved to a twin bed , and I wanted one in the babies room . I stupidly took them both out the box before the baby was born , I set them up-the one in my oldests room worked great for what I needed it for ... for 2 weeks ! Then it just stopped working-i thought it was just a fluke and at the point he was used to being in his big boy bed so I didnt bother getting another monitor-or using the other one . The other monitor had so much static i wanted to throw it out the window . I used it for 4 nights , then went and bought a sony baby call . The extra money is worth it . These monitors where terrible and i had to eat the money unfoutunitly for me . I should have read the reviews before I bought these
 This monitor is so bad it wo n't let you sleep at night . The static is horrible and I have to put my ear on the receiver to see if it was my son crying or just static .
 The Sony is far superior . The only thing I liked better about the Fisher Price is that the lights are more sensitive on the F-P model . In every other aspect , the Sony rocks!The F-P picked up an AM radio station in my apt complex , along with a lot of static if not placed in exactly the right spot ...
 While sometimes this works well , I 'm frequently woken up in the middle of the night to static that was n't there when I went to bed . It does n't matter what channel it 's on . I also get a random drumroll sound frequently.If you like being woken up in the middle of the night because your monitor is a piece of crap , then I highly recommend this .
 Great if ou want to listen to AM radio as you sleep , but you will have to compete with whatever station or static you pickup just to hear your baby screaming . Will be returning/exchanging to try something different . Anyone who is getting crystal clear signals on this is lucky , as the Am bands that this unit is prone to receiving are not broadcasting anything in their area -LRB- s -RRB- . I live in a large urban center that is inundated with all sorts of wavelengths at high amplitude 24 hours per day . The engineers who designed the manufacture of this product obviously were overruled by the accounting department.Pay more money ... you may get the same problem , but you can always exchange and try again .
 As the others have said ... do n't even bother with this monitor . We used it for almost 2 weeks , and had to return it . It was awful ... so much static ... and it ate batteries like crazy .
 I returned the first monitor with power problems . Unless held just right the power supply to the receiver failed . The second unit has even more problems . Any subtle movement near the transmitter causes a loud crack from the receiver . The antenna is loose and reflects any movement to the microphone through it 's rattling . The receiver has steadily picked up more and more static from it 's power source . After three weeks the only way we can get even marginal reception is to use batteries . If the box and receipt had not been thrown away this unit would be returned as well . I 'm purchasing a new -LRB- different brand -RRB- monitor and will consider crushing this unit and sending it to the manufacturer to let them know how I feel about their products . `` Fisher Price '' is for toy 's not electronics .
 I have been using this monitor for several months . While I have n't had the problems others describe about static , and like features such as the night light , I do have one major problem with it which makes it impossible for me to recommend it.Unlike every other monitor I have used , for eight children over 17 years , this monitor 's receiver does not alert you when it is out of connection with the base . For example , my husband has a habit of turning off the base unit when he goes in our room which we share with our baby . Any other receiver I 've had would start making all kinds of noise signaling that lack of connection . This one does n't make any noise or indication that anything has changed . The same is true if someone switches `` channels '' on the receiver . I am assuming that Fisher Price sees this as a plus , because people probably complained about the noise.Several times , not realizing that the system had been disrupted , I did not hear my baby crying when he woke up from his nap until the poor thing was loud enough for me to hear him without the monitor . That was bad enough , and I usually try to double check that the monitor is on and functioning . Today was the last straw , though . I had double checked everything , but apparently someone had switched the channel after I put him to bed . The poor little guy managed to flip himself out of his crib and had crawled to the bedroom door before anyone heard him.I know my baby 's safety is my responsibility . This monitor , however , can lull a parent into a false sense of security . I will take annoying static over dangerous silence any day ! I wish I had gone for the video monitor .
 This was a great monitor for the first 4-6 months , which is very soothing to a first time mom . But then we started picking up our neighbor 's AM gospel channel each evening . We had dual recievers and the first one totally quit working after 9 months . Then we had to take the other one from the bedroom to the living room and eventually the plug wore out after a couple more months . Now it is not even working with the batteries . They last about 1 minute when you turn it on , then it just fades out !? I was hoping this one would last through at least 2 children , but it did n't even make it 15 months .
 This monitor is horrible ! I thought the idea was nice , lights indicate noise level as well the sound . Static is horrible ! It squeals for no reason , even when I 'm across the house from the base ! On channel B , the sound goes in and out for no reason . And the batteries died so quickly , in the middle of the night while I was sleeping no less ! I did n't hear my daughter until she was screaming and wailing ! Thank God it has a cord to plug it in as well , which is how I use it now , but that is SO inconvenient ! The monitor picks up the baby in the downstairs apartment crying through the floor clearly , so why does my daughter sound distorted ? And the newest thing
 This item worked fine for 6 months and then the reciever died while we were on vacation - just started snapping rather than broadcasting the baby . Tried to contact Fisher-Price via the web to report problem but they 've designed the site so that you loose interest and only provide phone numbers.Cheap price = cheap item . If you only need for the Newborn stage than maybe ...
 Picked up a local radio station better than my baby 's cries . Maybe in another location this would be fine , but here in Northwest Tucson it 's all static and talk radio all the time .
 Worst baby monitor ever . Does not work across a house . Static is horrendous.Stay away .
 After trying this out I 'm returning it today . It picks up a lot of static including an AM station that can be heard pretty clearly . Plus , it is annoyingly bright at night ... like having a nightlight on . Wish I read the reviews before I bought it .
 After 7 long months I finally got custody of my niece . So we decided we needed a monitor since her room is on the other end of my house . It has a lot of static and I keep hearing a lot of `` banging '' . At first I thought it was the baby making noises but when I went in to check on her she was sound asleep . I absolutely hate this monitor . The only thing going for it is that it picks up the baby sounds well .
 I got this monitor as a gift at our baby shower . It is the worst product I have ever seen . It cuts in and out and when its actually on and halfway working its has so much static you ca n't even hear the baby
 We bought this monitor about a year ago to replace the one we had gotten at a yard sale and it seemed to work great at first , however after about 2 months the 1st receiver , -LRB- it came with two -RRB- , just suddenly stoped working ! I thought maybe one of our family members got water on it or something because it was kept in the kitchen , but sure enough a few months later the other receiver that we kept in our bedroom just suddenly stoped working ! There must be some kind of defect in the production of these things because as I can see from reading the other reviews that we 're not the only family having problems . Save yourself the headache and purchase a different brand/model .
 all i could hear was the local am radio station -- and even that wasnt clear ... spend some more money and get something better ...
 Way too much static to be of any use . Do not purchase this monitor .
 We have two monitors that we use constantly - one for our baby 's room and one for our toddler 's room . We have a much cheaper Safety 1st monitor that works sooooo much better than the more expensive Fisher Price Sounds N Lights monitor . The FP monitor has constant static . It 's obnoxious and you can barely hear noises from the child 's room over the static noise . We 've tried all 10 channels , with and without the other monitor on and nothing improves the static problem . I would never recommend purchasing this product . We will be purchasing a different monitor to replace this one .
 We owned the previous version of this product and liked it very much . Unforatunately , after 17 months , the place where the power cord connects to the receiver broke , and we can only use battery power now . It seemed like a good idea to just get a new one , but I 'm regretting that decision . This product is lightweight , the cord is flimsy , and most importantly , the sound quality is considerably worse than the previous version . I recommend trying another brand .
 We purchased this as an extra monitor to have to take when we go places - we use the Sony Baby Call here at our house -LRB- which is awesome -RRB- - we wanted soemthing cheaper since we would n't be using it that much . It is awful ! The static is terrible , and the lights are pointless , becuase it picks us every singe noise around it , therefore , it always looks like the baby is crying if you have the sound turned down - but the static is unbearably annoying - so you 're stuck . Spen the extra $ $ and get the SONY !
 I require a monitor w/lights because of a hearing disability . Anyway , I accidentally broke our monitor that worked awesome , so I promptly got on the net to try to find a replacement because I HAVE to have a monitor . Our original monitor is no longer made , & it was Friday night , so I was unable to call Safety 1st to see if they still sell it . I was not going to hold my breath because our original model was 5 + years old.Anyway , I looked high & low for one w/lights , because since I have a hearing disability , I can not always rely on my hearing , so I also needed a sight indicator that my baby was awake -LRB- or sleeping peacefully -RRB- . Well , I went to Target because there are no other stores that sell baby monitors in my area -LRB- we have a Super Wal-Mart/SWM , but they only had 2 monitors in store for sale , & they were not good quality -RRB- . I bought this one because of the reviews , & was horribly disappointed at the terrible quality of it . It has some awesome features -LRB- rechargable batteries , 2 receivers , complete portability -RRB- , but the fact that my baby has to be screaming at the top of her lungs & have purple in her face from doing so to get the monitor to light up , & the constant static are forcing me to return it promptly !!!!! Good thing I was extra aware & was waiting for my baby to wake up -LRB- so I knew when she was awake & wanted me -RRB- because she did n't have to rely on the lights to alert me to her being awake . After I picked her up , I asked my older child to go in the bedroom & talk to me ... no lights ! I told her to talk louder ... NADA ! Then I told her to yell ... FINALLY it lit up !!! I do n't know about anyone else , but I do n't want my baby to have to scream at the top of her lungs to let me know she needs me !!!! I assume other parents would share my feelings , & if so , be sure to use caution when trying it out for the 1st time w/your baby/child . Safety 1st was open this morning , & I promptly called them . They actually have a few of the original monitor I had that got broken , so I ordered a replacement !!! What a relief !!!! I had scoured the internet for another super sensitive monitor -LRB- which I had originally bought before I lost my hearing in one ear -RRB- , but found none !!!! It seemed as though my only option was going to be a video monitor , but those were so pricey . Anyway , I am thrilled that I am not going to have to deal w/this terrible monitor much longer !! I do recall when I originally bought our monitor 5 years ago , I had to buy 10 different ones to get one that did n't have static , & one that lit up properly . I thought that surely the technology had to have improved over the past 5 years , but obviously it has n't . I also saw monitors that I had tried in the past had 4-5 stars , but did n't work at all for me . If you are looking for a monitor , I would suggest buying a few of them & trying them out in your home because every house is different as far as different sources of interference , etc which may impact how a specific monitor works for someone . What works for me , may not work for you & vice versa . Also , try using your microwave , cell phone , & cordless phone near the monitor to make sure they do not interfere w/the monitor . There is nothing like having your baby scared out of his/her diaper when their monitor picks up interference & makes horrible sounds!The monitor I LOVE so much & that works so great is the Safety 1st 900mhz Grow-With-Me Monitor . When I was trying to find it before I could reach Safety 1st I saw it did n't get really good reviews -LRB- 21/2 on Amazon.com & 31/2 on e-pinions . com -RRB- , but I myself would give it 5 ! It does have it downsides -LRB- 1 receiver & no rechargable batteries for the parent unit -RRB- , but I would take those for being able to hear my baby breathing -LRB- YES , it is THAT sensitive -RRB- or if she is having difficulty.Hope you find a monitor that works well for you & your family !!!
 I just bought this monitor yesterday , and as soon as we plugged it in the staic just went wild ! I thought ok maybe it was something going on last night but nope again it is all STATIC . It is very VERY ANNOYING TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH WHEN YOU BUY A PRODUT YOU EXPECT IT TO WORK . I ACCEPT THAT THING 'S HAVE PROBLEMS BUT THIS THING IS HORRIBLE ! I AM SO DISAFATISFIED RIGHT NOW I HAD TO LET OTHER PARENT 'S / CAREGIVERS KNOW HOW BAD THIS PRODUCT IS . Now dont get me wrong I buy nothnig but Fisher Pirce so I am not someone who just bought something from the company for the 1st time , and I have to say Bad move on Fisher price for marketing this because now I wont buy anything from them again . Just to be safe .
 All you get is static ! I 've heard the Sony product is much better so this thing is being returned !
 this product is so annoying that you ca n't sleep even when your baby is sound asleep . . i 'm in the process of looking for something more reliable now . the static is HORRIBLE !
 I typically read these reviews and take them with a grain of salt . Everyone has their own opinions and quite often I have purchased things that had a low star rating and loved the product . However , this time around , all the negative reviews are right on !! This monitor was just AWFUL !! We picked it out for our registry cause it was affordable . But really , we connected it and brought one of the recievers downstairs and could not believe the awful static we could hear clear accross the living room and with the TV on !! This is not worth the money . We are getting ready to have our 2nd child and with my present 3 year old I have been using the same ol' Fisher Price monitor we got for his shower 3 years ago and it is still clear and static free !! Now I have to return this present monitor and look for another one that is n't louder than the sleeping child .
 We bought this Sounds N Lights Monitor after the previous model of the same name stopped working -LRB- that should have been a sign -RRB- . After only a month , in the middle of the night , it started putting out only loud static . In the morning , we discovered that the plug on the base of the monitor -LRB- in the baby 's room -RRB- was partially melted and had almost caught fire . We will never purchase a Fisher Price monitor again .
 Do not buy this monitor ! We were kept up all night by the extremely loud static while the baby was actually asleep . We purchased the digital Graco imonitor to replace the FP . It was expensive , but crystal clear - well worth the money !!!
 After less than 3 weeks , I 've been forced to call Fisher Price for support . It was obviously not the first call they 'd recived about it because the reps first response was that she 'd send me a return authorization and as soon as they got the monitor back , they 'd issue me a refund check.Great for me and I give Fisher Price 5 stars for their support , but you have to wonder why a company would reaily and immediately offer a refund.The issue with my monitor was that the darn thing just stopped transmiting at various times . No prior warning , the receiver would suddenly start beeping and blink `` Reception '' which tells you it was out of range . When checking the base unit -LRB- with a receiver in hand and noticing it was still having reception problems -RRB- it looked like the unit was off . Unplugged it for about 15 minutes and it worked again . I get up enough at night to tend to my children , I 'm not about to start getting up to unplug a monitor and wait 15 minutes to plug it back in.As the driver on the bus says , `` Move on back ! '' I do n't care where it goes as long as it 's not in my house !
 I got this at my baby shower almost a year ago . I loved it when I first started using it , but lately -LRB- almost 10 months later -RRB- , it barely gets reception and is always staticky . I am now in the market for a new monitor . It was really good at the beginning but just did n't last .
 This monitor is junk . Too much static and you have to turn the volume way up to hear anything in another room . Spend a few extra bucks and get something better .
 This is the perfect monitor if you happen to be Amish and have no other electronic equipment anywhere within 500 feet of your home.The static and interference was unbearable . It made every noise sound like a truck hitting the house . The battery life was terrible and plugging it into the wall caused a screeching sound that made dogs within a 10 block radius howl.In short , not even worth the time it took me to write this review .
 This monitor has so much static - it 's awful . I can also hear my neighbor 's telephone conversations as well as another baby . The Graco monitors are much better .
 Then stopped working . First one of the receivers stopped getting any sound , thought it was since we left it on all the time but then the other one did the same thing . Lights still work but are no use at all . Waste of money , will look for another one now .
 The unit fails on two levels
 I wish that I had read the reviews for this monitor prior to buying it . I bought this monitor because it had 2 receivers and was within my price range . When my children are sleeping -LRB- a 11/12 year old and a 2 month old -RRB- the monitor is keeping me awake with horribly loud static -LRB- can be heard several rooms away -RRB- . The static is so loud it has even woken my 2 month old up on a number of occasions . I did not keep the box because it worked fine the first week or two so I am now stuck with it and have to buy a new one .
 Pros - 2 receivers , the lights are easy to see across the roomCons - Constant interference , usually bad enough to disturb an exhausted parent 's precious few hours of sleep . Batteries never last long . After about a year , both monitors developed shorts and would randomly switch off so that exhausted parents are finally woken by a child 's wails from down the hall - NOT the sounds and lights.I do n't know why I endured this piece of crap for 20 months . Now that it 's finally dead , I 'm going to buy something better .
 Good points : - Can use AC adapter or batteries with receivers - Two receivers are very good
 Spend the extra $ $ $ , you will anyhow after you use this for a while . It started out with a little static and got louder , and louder and even picks up local RADIO , ughhh . Stick with Graco , our Graco works like a charm with no static at all , even with both monitors on , there is never any static on that one . The Fisher-Price model is JUNK .
 This monitor is garbage . It 's been in use for less than 1 month and one of the monitors lost its sound . I would give it minus 5 stars . I purchased it because of the Fisher price name and reputation . I will no longer consider Fisher-Price products . I think that this product is so bad that Amazon should not be selling it . Since it failed more than 30 days after purchase the customer must absorb the loss .
 I have NEVER written a review on Amazon , despite the fact that I will read reviews prior to making a purchase . To our suprise , we had our 3rd child 5 years after our 1st , so we needed to repurchase everything . Sadly , my wife bought this monitor -LRB- name brand - it must be good -RRB- . However , it was terrible . I actually bought a new one -LRB- Graco - that is great -RRB- and tossed this one in the garbage ... Save your money , buy another brand . I feel generous giving this 1 star , I would do negative stars or no stars if possible .
 We purchased this thinking the Fisher-Price name would mean it was a good product . It worked ok for the first couple of months , but then suddenly the static got really loud to the point we had to turn it all the way up to hear my daughter crying . The static was very loud , there were often loud clicks , and our cell phones and wireless internet seemed to constantly cause loud beeping.We just purchased a Graco iMonitor and could n't be happier .
 This monitor interferes with our cordless phones on all channels - a shrill noise emits when the phone rings or when you talk on it . ALso , it beeps out of range even when at distances much less than the stated 800 feet -LRB- - from our daughter 's bedroom to the kitchen -RRB- . I would definitely not recommend this product , and had I not lost the receipt , I would have returned it !
 I guess I 'm on a campaign now , given the number of baby monitor 's I 've written about . 900 Mhz is the correct frequency for a baby monitor , but this model uses analog technology with no privacy guards . -LRB- Ten channels does n't mean you have privacy -RRB- Here is what you should be looking for in a baby monitor in a modern home :900 Mhz Digitial Spread Spectrum -LRB- DSS -RRB- technology provides the privacy of digital and spreads the signal across multiple channels so a scanner ca n't put it back together for listening . There are still ways to listen in , but generally DSS is a good bet . Also , be sure to get a baby monitor that uses the 900Mhz frequency band . After all , you ca n't have multiple devices -LRB- wireless network , cordless phone , etc. -RRB- share the same frequencies without interfering with each other . Here are the frequencies you should be using : Baby Monitor
 I bought this monitor because I thought it would be good for our 2 story home ... WRONG ! The receivers had lots of static from the beginning . By the time my daughter was 31/2 months old we had thrown away one of the receivers because it did n't work anymore and the other receiver had even more static from when we bought it . I wish I would have taken it back .
 I bought this monitor b/c i wanted dual receivers and it advertised a long range . The instructions inside said 400ft range however the box boasts a 900 ft range . Confusing ? I can tell you that the signal is fuzzy when I 'm in my driveway ... directly under the baby 's room ! Also the battery is terrible . I can charge the battery for 8-10 , use it the next day turning it on only during the baby 's nap and the battery is dead by the end of the day . Finally , there is no power indicator light . You have no idea , in the dark of night or from across the room whether or not the receiver is on . I will be returning this monitor .
 This monitor has been nothing but trouble for us . The battery life is terrible . It can charge all day , and by 5am , it is beeping from low battery already ! The beeping is so scary the first few times you hear it ! My daughter has been sleeping 9 hours since she was 21/2 weeks old , and the monitor 's battery did n't last as long as she did . I had to get up and change the monitor to the other one that was charging . Ridiculous!Now we are having problems getting them to turn on . My daughter is only 11 weeks old , so the monitors are fairly new . We have to turn them on and off about 15-20 times before they will turn on . If you are shopping around for monitors , I would suggest a different one . Good luck !
 This the first review I 've ever written and I 'm only doing it to save somebody else some money . This has got to be the worst monitor ever . I 've used it for less than 2 years and it is just horrible . Horrible reception , horrible battery life , and now I ca n't even get sound from it unless I wiggle the plug into it . One of the receivers is taped up and I still only get sound every once & a while . I have to buy a new baby monitor . Very disappointed . Would have given it negative stars if I could have .
 I 've experience similar problems mentioned in other reviews . The monitors work well at first . After a few months , both monitors wo n't hold a charge so we had to plug them in from room to room . After 6 months , one monitor stopped working , and today , just over a year old , the second monitor died .
 We were thoroughly unimpressed with this monitor . Its static was n't just the white noise kind but like interference from a walkie talkie , so we 'd lie awake waiting for the next loud crackle . Not only that , at full volume we could barely hear our baby ! The manual changing of the channels on both the receiver and monitor was equally annoying . We just bought a Safety 1st DECT monitor and so far it seems to be far superior .
 This monitor is simply awful ! We have suffered with this piece of junk for way too long -LRB- 6 mo. -RRB- . Hence , here I am on Amazon to purchase it 's replacement . There is constant static . If someone walks in front of the monitor , including our cat , the static noise soars . We have tried several locations throughout our home , turning it every direction ... you name it . To no avail the static is always present . It only changes from loud to louder . My husband is an engineer and very gifted with problem solving but unfortunately , this is beyond his fixing . Save your money and frustration , buy something other than this monitor .
 This monitor was an excellent monitor for three months . We were able to use it on all three levels of our home and was so sensitive we could hear our son breathing ! However , the charge on the receivers faded until they did n't even last through the night without being plugged in . Then the channel display on the main console died and the system does not work at all . An expensive investment for three months . If you decide to get this I would definitely buy the service agreement , although you still lose money on shipping the broken product to them and the price of the plan .
 I picked up a set of these based on the positive reviews here but was disappointed with the gain on the microphone in the base . With baby in the crib I placed the base on the opposite side of the room , and did n't hear or see any feedback on the receivers.Other FP models we 've tried , I can hear breathing if I turn the volume up high enough on the receiver .
 After reviewing baby monitors I thought that this monitor would be the best one for the price . However I was wrong . The monitor worked for like 3 minutes -LRB- and when it worked there was a lot of static -RRB- and then it lost it 's connection to the receiver . We 'd change the channels and still nothing . We called Fisher Price customer service and they were of no help . They advised us to return it . I do not recommend this product to any parents . We ended up spending a bit more for the Graco Digital with 2 handsets and that has been A + + + + + + .
 This monitor worked well for us , but only for 3 months . I thought the reception was great and we never had much trouble with static or interference . We would leave the recievers plugged into the charger though and the rechargable batteries have crapped out on us after only 3 months of use . I 'd be hesitant to buy this product again . If you do get it , do n't let the recievers sit around plugged into the charger !
 This baby monitor worked well for about a month . Then we noticed that the receivers were n't holding a charge as long as they used to . Then it got so they had to be plugged in all the time . Now one is completely dead and the other needs to be plugged in or it goes out after a few minutes . We hardly used the things for two months before they went belly up !
 We ca n't get these to work without constant static . They have never worked . We did everything the `` Problems & Solutions '' recommended but they still never worked .
 I do n't think this product even deserves one star . During the 3 months that it lasted would not work all the time . I had to keep the hand held piece plugged into wall or it would not work properly . Defeats the purpose of it being portable . I was not able to take it outside while we were in our pool while my newborn napped ... which was main reason we bought a baby monitor .
 I have bought 3 sets of these and they are all a waste of time . They last a short period of time so within a few months to a year you would need to get another one ; Initially I bought 2 sets one for home and one for grand parents who baby sit at times ; the one at home spoilt really quickly as it was in use a mot more ; then when I was looking for a replacement it was the only type available quickly in the stores here so I bought the third set , -LRB- which was a newer model -RRB- eventually all were useless and my kid is only 21/2 now . The only benefit is that it picks up all the sound in the room really clearly but there is a lot of static and interference from other objects especially mobile phones .
 We loved this monitor for our 4th son at first . It was very clear , we had no static and we could use the two portable receivers wherever we were . Now that he 's 15months old , the receivers only work when plugged in . Apparently we kept it plugged in too long and you are supposed to only charge them for 13 hours . We like to be able to use the portable device when needed and do n't want to have to remember to unplug them . A bummer we will have to purchase a new monitor for baby # 5 !
 We bought this monitor 2 weeks ago , and I 'm already shopping for a new one . The static is NON STOP . We ca n't hear our son over the static . It 's ridiculous . We leave it plugged in during the night and use the batteries during naptimes . The batteries last about 2 days . It beeps constantly , even when the base is plugged in and turned on . -LRB- it says it has a far reach , but my sons room is 2 rooms away and it can never seem to find the signal -RRB- DO N'T BUY THIS MONITOR . Waste of money !!!
 We bought this to replace a sony Baby Call that was wearing out after 31/2 years of everyday use . The store we went to did n't have the sony , which we wanted , so we settled for this fisher price piece of garbage . This thing never is silent even if nothing is on in the room . What 's the point of a baby monitor if all you hear is static and it keeps you up . If you want to stay up all night and hear every little wimper or sound your new baby makes , then this is a good monitor , if you want to sleep and only hear the REAL cries of a baby , then the BEST monitor is the Sony Baby Call monitor model 910 . it 's cheaper than this private connection and has VOICE ACTIVATION ! Why ca n't all the manufacturers think of this , so the darn thing is off until the baby actually makes a loud enough sound to turn it on . This fisher price monitor is going back to the store where we bought it and I drove to another store farther away today to make sure we got the sony baby call . forget all other monitors and buy a sony . it 's the best one out there and i have nothing to gain by pushing their product other than to say it 's the ONLY monitor that should be sold in any store . the rest are all garbage without voice activation . We were up on/off all night last night listening to every little sound the baby made and the static that goes along with it . The volume adjustment should n't even be there because you can hardly tell a difference between the lowest setting and the highest setting.how people can say this is a good monitor is beyond me , it 's garbage , do n't listen to anyone who tells you to buy it . RUn and buy a sony ,
 We bought this baby monitor to hear our toddler daughter call us in the night if she needed us . We had an old Safety that we used for 5 years but as it aged , it became more static-y . My husband wanted one that had a privacy feature so I picked this up . He immediately commented that the 900MHZ frequency really would n't give us privacy but would try it out.This baby monitor worked for a few weeks but then the receiver would start to `` pop '' loud static sounds . First it started around 4am in the morning but then progressed into all hours of the night randomly . My husband thought maybe it was picking up wireless or X10 signals ... Whatever the reason , these receivers are useless to use at night and will have to be used only during day use for my younger child 's naps .
 We purchased this item for our newborn . It was great while it lasted , but it only lasted a little over 1 month . I rarely write bad reviews , but I thought this product warranted it because of how short these monitors lasted ! I 'll start with the pros.PROS :1 . These monitors have exceptional range . I have the base unit on the third floor and was able to get reception in the cellar as well as across the street in our garage . A + + for range .2 . The number of channels to choose from limited the amount of interference static . However no matter what channel we were on our cell phones managed to give annoying static and we were alerted by our baby monitor any time of text message was being sent or when one was coming in .3 . There 's two of them so you can switch out . The fact that there were two made this product last longer because when the first one no longer had reception we switched to the other on .4 . The base unit and the monitors plug in . HOWEVER as another viewer mentioned , plugging your monitor in for more than 12 hours will fry the monitor . So if you forget to unplug your receiver , you 've ruined the monitor.CONS :1 . It was hard to avoid `` bursts '' when the unit was around our cell phones and by around I mean in the adjacent room .2 . The pro of having the monitors have an A/C adapter become a con when you ca n't just leave the units plugged in . And not only ca n't you leave them plugged in , you destroy the product if you do . Why have an A/C adapter in the first place ?! 3 . The monitors stopped getting reception after only one month of use ! And if I 'm being accurate each monitor only lasted a few weeks . We just moved on to the second one after the first one died . So while as a whole we were able to use the unit for a little over a month if both monitors had been in use at the same time we would n't have had that much time.In my book no matter how great the pros were/are , if the product only works for 1-2 months then the product is worthless . I love fisher-price but these monitors barely deserve one star .
 $ 52.00 less weighted down by cash , and I was on my way with what was the most expensive non-video monitor available at the local Target . Surely being the most ridiculously expensive with all the highlighted bubbles beside features like `` clear reception '' and `` no interference '' I would be able to hear the baby 's every move from every household location and beyond.We hooked it up in short order , turned it on , and * SCREEEECH * . Apparently a volume level that might permit us to hear the baby one room away would also cause some sort of massive interference between monitor and reciever . We tried shutting that monitor off , and plugging the second in the kitchen outlet - the entire length of the house away . No screeching , but it sounded like someone speaking from inside a tin can . Totally distorted , useless . You could n't tell if the baby was banging on her crib bars or if someone was moving heavy machinery about in her bedroom.We 've packed it carefully back into the box , and are hoping Target will take it back without a fight . Needless to say , I 'd steer clear of this one . Our $ 20 Safety First monitor far surpasses this one - even on its last leg .
 Pros :1 -RRB- rechargeable batteries ; 2 -RRB- LED sound lights on receiver can see from both sides3 -RRB- new designCons :1 -RRB- sound from receivers is low even high volume and constant static2 -RRB- have 10 channels but you have to manually set the channel on both the receiver and transmitter ; they need ought to have an automatic channel changer to get best signal so you wo n't have to manually change it .3 -RRB- LCD screen on receivers has a backlight when you turn it on but needs a backlight button to press to see otherwise you need to turn it off then on to come on .4 -RRB- range alot less than product statesThis is the 2nd monitor I returned and in its place I bought the Fisher Price Sounds 'n Lights 49Mhz model M5578 and it works great loud and clear the only drawback is it uses batteries they are not rechargeable but have an AC power like other monitors .
 Monitor itself works fine -- but not if you plan on using the AC adapter ... Fisher Price customer service recommends that the AC adapter should not be plugged into the reciever for more than 13 hours at a time or the rechargeable battery and/or unit will be damaged . In my mind that makes the product useless if you intend on using the AC adapter -- you 'll have to remember to unplug it every morning or risk wrecking the thing ! -LRB- the fisher price rep actually told me I 'd `` fry it '' -RRB- .
 Maybe we got a lemon , but out of the box this monitor acted irratic . The primary concern is with the base . When it displays the channel , it 's working . But sometimes we have to unplug it for quite some time to get the base to work . And when the base does n't work , the receivers sound like a weather alarm . Not fun at 3 am . I checked Fisher Price web page and it did n't mention a problem exactly like ours.We are going to return it for another brand .
 This product is not recommended unless you do n't mind it breaking every 12 months.I 've owned two now that start off working pretty well . After about 8 months , things start to no longer function : - Adjusting the volume button results in speak not working . You must jiggle it to make it work - Static/noise appearing in the signal when nothing else has changed -LRB- e.g. receiver and monitor are in the same location with the same channel -RRB- - Random spikes in the volume of the receiverOverall , its not a good product and fisher price should be ashamed to have their name attached to it . If this cost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- i may consider buying it .
 We picked these monitors based on the largely positive reviews . They are horrible . One of the receivers has never worked properly -LRB- the lights all stay on all the time -RRB- and Fisher Price has never responded to my request for a replacement.There is so much static on these monitors that it wakes my wife up at night . You can have the monitor sitting on the table and , for no apparent reason , it just goes to a loud static for several minutes . We have tried all the channels with the same result . It does n't matter if we are in the living room which is 15 feet from the baby 's room or in our master bedroom which is across the house , the things are still full of static.I would give these monitors 0 stars if I could , but I have to give 1 to allow me to write a review . I highly recommend you select different monitors .
 We did n't like hearing the constant white noise it makes when on . It 's too loud . We ended up going with Sony 's baby call monitor and LOVE it . It has voice activation . So you only hear the monitor when baby is making noise .
 This monitor worked ok at first but it has increasingly gotten louder and louder in terms of static . It started out that it had to sit in a few certain places around the house and it would be ok but now nowhere we sit it is it ok ! My mom got one too for when she baby sits and one of her receivers completely stopped working and the one that does is doing the same thing . I would not recommend this if you want to use them longer than 1 year . My son is 14 months and I am getting a new one .
 The receivers are good ; sound quality is good , and I like how the receivers and rechargable and last for about eight hours or so without a charge . However , I have owned this product for about 7 months and the monitor base is n't working so well . It does n't want to turn on . I do n't think it will make through the year . It 's hard to find something that actually lasts .
 This monitor has bugged me after 6 months of use . Lots of static , random buzzing & now it just plain wont work ! It did well showing the light gage of noises in my daughters room . When Im trying to sleep & the monitor is randomly buzzing its down right annoying . there shouldnt be a problem like the buzzing since my house is 1000sq ft & all other electronics in the house arent interfering . The battery life is really short so we had to keep it plugged in all the time . I figured buying an item over $ 50 it would be a solid piece of equipment but its junk to me & disapointing . Keep your receipt !
 I 've had this product for a little over a year and I would have said it worked great and I loved it . Except , it recently burnt out and now all I hear is static . Apparently its not supposed to be plugged in all the time , EVEN IF ITS OFF . Well I dont have time to plug the darn thing on and off everyday . So I have to go get a new monitor now !!
 The battery stopped charging after 3 months or so . Now we have to constantly plug in the receiver . Sometimes , that does n't even work . Really frustrating .
 I owned this monitor for about 20 months . When disconnected form the power cord , the receiver shows almost no charge and beeps to be recharged . Basically , the batteries fail . The receivers only work when connected to the outlet . I gave 1 star because it worked for at least a year , and the second star because I like the 10 channel selection . Other than that , I do not recommend buying this item .
 We bought one of these - and the monitor stopped working after a few days . We thought , ah , a lemon , let 's return and get a new one.Got a new one - same thing , after about a week the monitor stopped working .
 This monitor had so much static no matter what channel it was on . We bought a Fisher Price monitor 4 years ago and absolutely loved it ! After getting dropped for the billionth time and being on non-stop for four years , the base unit stopped working and we went for a replacement . This was not even close in quality and performance ! When the sound is turned down low enough that the static is n't aggravating , you ca n't hear the baby . We 're returning it as soon as we can find a replacement .
 After 2 years , the speaker is dead on one receiver and both receivers are `` blipping '' due to some unknown interference -LRB- we do not have 900 MHz wireless in the house -RRB- and the first lights are ALWAYS on . These were fine for almost a year and a half and then they went downhill fast . This gets very annoying at night when you are asleep and the lights are flickering for no reason at all . We are trying to figure out what model to get next and believe that we will go digital next.I read in another review that you should not have the receivers plugged in for more that 13 hours at a time . If this is true , this is truly an absolutely horrible design . We have these plugged in at all times , one in the living room and one in the bedroom .
 I purchased this monitor about a year and a half ago and within the first couple of months one of the dual monitors just stopped working . Aside from that , the monitor itself is very loud and fuzzy at ALL times and no matter what channel it is on , it frequently makes a beeping sound . Now just a year and a half after using it . . the other monitor has stopped working . This monitor is such poor quality . Do not waste your money on this monitor , let alone any fisher price monitor .
 Tried to use these monitors for the last 2-3 weeks . They have horrible reception . With the monitor in the next bedroom , the monitor has difficulty picking up reception on all the channels . Then when it dose n't pick up reception for 5-10 seconds , it starts beeping . We do n't need another reason to wake up in the middle of the night . Stay away from these monitors .
 After 2 months , our base unit quit working , so we bought a new full set , giving us 1 base unit and 4 parent units . Then , over the next few months , some of the parent units stopped working as well until we were back down to 2 parent units . Now , 2 years later , the last 2 parents units are starting to break as well , and will just turn themselves off in the middle of the night . I definitely do n't recommend these monitors !
 I ordered the 6 piece set and it is all nice except this hamper . It is very cheaply made and does not take much for it to fall in on itself . It is honestly not useable but if you just want something for the look buy this hamper , some wood glue and some rubber bands and you are good to go .
 I thought this bag looked really neat from the photos but when I received it was I surprised , and not in a good way . To me it just looks cheap . The flap on the front is uneven and the fabric is not a very nice quality . I thought I could get a neat bag that did n't necessarily look like a diaper bag for a reasonable price , but I am returning this bag and will just spend a little more to get a better quality bag .
 We bought this clip as read somewhere it oferred extra restraint protection . We have a 3 year old mid-functioning autistic . Our little Houdinni debunked the clip in seconds and went free-ranging about our van . Would n't recommend unless you need a replacement clip for your existing seat and could n't get one from it 's original manufacturer .
 I ordered a replacement chest clip for my Graco Nautilus booster seat but did n't like it.I ordered a replacement because I was having some difficulty opening the clip . Under normal circumstances it 's just annoying that it did n't open immediately , but I realized if I were in an emergency and needed to get my daughter out in a hurry , something that is just a little difficult under normal circumstances would turn into a real problem under panic conditions.To explain why I found this difficult to open , try to follow my description of how it unlocks . Looking at the picture , see the right side of the clip . This is a hollow area inside into which fit two `` legs '' of the clip . Each leg has a hook on it . When they are inside that right housing side , the legs expand , up and down , and latch onto to areas that makes them secure.To unlock , you have to squeeze the two button , top and bottom together . This squeeze compressed the legs together inside that housing and they are freed from the latching areas inside and the left and right pieces can be freed.That would be OK , but in this case the housing area is pretty slim meaning that you have to compress the legs all the way together until the legs are touching and pushed hard together . When you do this , the width of the legs is BARELY slim enough to pass through the hole to allow the legs to come free of the housing part and unclip . So if you 're not pushing hard together , the legs/hooks wo n't come free of the housing.Also be aware the the buttons on top and bottom are not as pictured here . The are smooth , probably some new sleeker design . They do n't have bumps on them as in the picture . So this prevents a good squeeze by your thumb and finger since they are sliding off when you push hard.Additionally , there is some play inside that housing so if you are not pulling directly away from each other , perhaps pulling a bit up or down while trying to separate , the hooks/legs inside will catch onto the top or bottom of the housing and you will have be squeezing and pulling two , three or four times to get the pieces separated.I think the fact that even when the legs are compressed together there is barely enough room for the legs to escape from the housing is a major design flaw , and bugged me to no end , as I said , having to pull two or three times each time my daughter got out of the car.I did n't want to modify this clip in any way of course , and I did n't want to buy another manufacturer 's chest clip since they expressly tell you not to mix and match manufacturer 's parts . I did , however , find a `` Universal Chest Clip '' by Sunshine Kids called `` Lock Tite '' Universal Harness Clip also available from Amazon also . That one works easily and PERFECTLY every time , like all the other kids products we have.I 'm surprised no one else has mentioned it here . Maybe it 's me , but all the other kids safety clips seem to work easily for me and this one stands out as being unusually difficult and possibly dangerous if you need to evacuate in an emergency.You 'll be pleased with the operation of the Lock Tite one unless you really want a difficult to open clip since your child has learned to open the one you have .
 As a consumer with limited disposable income and even less time to clean up the messes that my son so enjoys making , I had high hopes for this product . I finished setting it up , put my son in the high chair and thought it might just work . With one swift kick from my son , any of the food that was in this catcher fell onto the floor . I fixed it and he would kick again.This product was pointless in my view . I wish I had known that there was going to be absolutely no room for my little one to kick .
 This product description specifically states , `` Fits any high chair with foot rest '' . This is not the case I have a high chair with a foot rest -LRB- ... -RRB- . This product does not fit my high chair as it says it will . I am currently in the process of altering the food catcher so it does fit .
 I 'm glad I 've got it on sale !!!!! It just does n't make any sense and does n't serve any purpose !!!!!!!!! Horrible design not thought through I WILL NEVER EVER RECOMMEND IT !!!!
 ... These would be great except they are made with polycarbonate plastic which can leach a potentially harmful chemical called bisphenol-A . The problem worsens the older and more worn the plastic becomes . I would be concerned if I were to sterilize these containers frequently or if I sterilized formula while in the container -LRB- but most people do n't do that anymore ...
 If you are going to use these bottles as storage for frozen milk , beware . They take a VERY long to defrost and with a screaming infant as your side , you do n't want to wait any longer than you have to to feed your child . Also , they took up most of my freezer space . If I wanted enough milk storage back up , I would have had to purchase a separate freezer . I switched to Gerber storage bags and even though they are floppy , they are much easy to store large quanities of milk and only take a few minutes to defrost and warm .
 Not worth it . Better off with the baby freezer bags . Takes up too much room in freezer , plus my baby 's stomach gets upset as they collect too much air in them
 Yes they leak , I mean POUR milk from under the sealing ring . Do n't waste your money . If you are crazy enough to buy them SAVE YOUR RECEIPT !
 These containers stink ! Yeah it is great , I can use them with the wonderful ISIS pump , but I DO N'T HAVE A CHOICE . You HAVE to use these with the isis pump unless you have a conversion kit , and they leak . Terrible . I have used this as a container for my precious pumped milk , went to open it and milk somehow gets locked in the grooves and just drips out . Also , I have used this as a bottle and milk leaks out no matter how tight.The pump is great , the containers stink .
 They 're great containers but it 's better to just buy avent bottles to keep the milk in instead . If you need to use bottles for the milk anyway just skip the step of putting it in a container and transering the milk . Now I have 9 containers that I do n't even use becuase I just use the bottles for storage and feeding . The 4oz bottles are the same as the containers .
 I would recommend getting breastmilk storage bags instead . If you do n't carefully tighten the lids and get them on exactly right , they leak everywhere , including on your baby when you are feeding them .
 If you plan to pump and then store immediately upright in your fridge , these will work great for you . If , however , you plan to travel with these containers , be prepared for them to leak your precious breastmilk . The caps are not airtight ! By the way , if you purchase the toddler non-spill spouts to go with the set ... they also leak . I 've experimented with varying the tightness and wetting the cap , but all to no avail .
 I used this bottle warmer for 1 day , right after we brought our son home from the hospital . I read the directions , it was n't too difficult so I know I used it right ! I actually got shocked several times by this bottle warmer . I would go to grab the bottle and would get shocked everytime ! I would recommend looking elsewhere , thank goodness I was n't holding my son when this happened !
 I bought this warmer after using it at a friends house with great results . This is a great warmer if you are using tap water and powder formula . If you are using ready to feed or stored breast milk the warmer takes 10 + minutes to warm the bottle . I think I will return it and stick with my method of heating tap water in the microwave and sitting the bottle in the cup of water .
 I used this warmer 4 times . Each time I got an electric shock from it . I know there has to be a safer alternative . Perhaps another brand . I started to just fill up a bowl with HOT tap water and place the bottle in it for a couple of minutes . I found that to work just as well , and was not as painful as the shocks !
 I registered for this after hearing that it was n't safe to microwave baby 's formula . After using it a few times , I was really disappointed-it took forever to heat the formula and I was shocked once . It does n't have an on/off switch and the water inside will collect and turn brown . I guess you get what you pay for .
 It never worked . We followed the directions , filled with the required amount of tap water , plugged it in and nothing happened . We left it plugged in longer , and it never warmed . We tried this a few times with no luck . So , we took it back for a refund.We found that a cheap soup-sized thermos is just as effecient if you fill it halfway with really hot tap water and dunk the bottle in it . It fits the bottle perfectly - and can be toted in the diaper bag for on the go warming . 5 stars for Thermos mugs ! Oh , and you can buy a couple of these thermoses for the price of one Gerber warmer . ;-RRB- One for the house , one for on the road .
 This product does n't fit the wide bottles . So we were limited as to which bottles it would warm . Very inconvenient in the middle of the night ! It is also unsafe because it does n't have an on/off switch or an automatic shut off feature . After a few days it also collected orange crud in the bottom which would not come off with cleaning . We returned this and purchased a more versatile bottle/baby food warmer that fits all size bottles . Do n't waste your money !
 It heats up the bottle okay but it has been known to shock you . Doesnt have an on/off switch . The water in it turned Brown and stained my bottled . Even keeping it clean !
 I used this warmer 4 times . Each time I got an electric shock from it . I know there has to be a safer alternative . Perhaps another brand . I started to just fill up a bowl with HOT tap water and place the bottle in it for a couple of minutes . I found that to work just as well , and was not as painful as the shocks !
 You could only use certain kinds of bottles and it takes for ever to heat the milk . I am going to return this bottle warmer I have no use for it .
 This thing takes FOREVER to heat up and left hotspots in the bottle . Youd be better off nuking some water in a deep bowl and warming the bottle in it . Save your money .
 this thing is worthless !! it takes to long in the middle of the night to measure the water and then it takes way to long . for the milk to warm up . and if you have long bottles then you will have two different tempatures in the bottle . do n't waste your money !!!
 It is cheap . That was the best thing . It is also easy to use . The bad thing is the bottle is either way to cold or burning hot . There is a very small window of time when the bottle is perfect temp . So , you have to stand there and test the bottle temp several times or else it gets too hot . It is not convienent when your baby is screaming and you have to hold her and keep testing the bottle on you arm . I am looking for a new bottle warmer . Cheap , but not worth it .
 This bottle warmer does not heat more than a 4 ounce bottle . I tried a 6 and an 8 ounce and it did not heat them at all-especially since we pre-make bottles for the day and store them in the refrigerator.The best way I 've found is to use a glass measuring cup almost full of water in the microwave then place the bottle in it when it 's done.Please do n't waste your time or money on this ... the baby need not wait for this thing not to work . You will both be very frustrated !
 I used this warmer 4 times . Each time I got an electric shock from it . I know there has to be a safer alternative . Perhaps another brand . I started to just fill up a bowl with HOT tap water and place the bottle in it for a couple of minutes . I found that to work just as well , and was not as painful as the shocks !
 My frugal mom bought this bottle warmer for us when we brought the baby home from the hospital a week early . It worked for a short time , while she was on only 4 oz feedings . This bottle warmer is otherwise useless . I might be embarassed if I had designed this product , as GERBER bottles do n't even fit in this warmer ! I bought a different brand -LRB- used -RRB- after I could n't take it anymore . I would try to sell this on e-bay , but I do n't think I wish the bad quality product on anyone !
 We have purchased 3 inflatable snug-tubs from Kelgar . The infant size tub was fine , and still works okay after 2 years . However , the slightly larger toddler size tub has a slow leak . The first one we bought had a very slow leak ; after 9 months it turned into a fast leak , so we bought another one , thinking we would n't be unlucky enough to get another defective one twice in a row.Wrong !! The second one arrived with a slow leak in the same place as the previous toddler size tub . At first it was so slow , it just meant we 'd have to reinflate it once in a while ; then you have to reinflate it more and more often until finally it wo n't last through one bathing without going limp . After the second flop , I decided to just send the leaky tub back to Kel-Gar and ask for a free replacement . They never responded to my friendly letter . When I finally called -LRB- took me a while to get around to it ; I kept thinking that surely a replacement would be arriving any week now ! -RRB- , they were totally unhelpful.The woman who answered at `` Customer Service '' kept interrupting me to tell me that they do not accept returns , and any problems have to be taken up with the retailer . Way to stand behind your products , dudes!Then when I called the retalier -LRB- Right Start -RRB- just now , they said that it 's not their responsibility to handle a replacement , it 's the manufacturer 's -- BUT at least this customer service person was polite and said she 's ask her boss and look into it more , just to see if there is anything they can do.I 'm really surprised that Kel-Gar cares so little about their image with the public and about providing pleasant and helpful service to their customers , especially repeat customers such as myself . I mean , come on , how hard is it to throw a piece of plastic that weights about 8 ounces in the mail to keep a customer happy ?? However , since that is their attitude , you 're better off buying an inflatable tub from a real-life -LRB- non-virtual -RRB- retailer with a decent 90-day return policy , such as Babies-R-Us or Target , so that if a leak develops you can physically take it back and get a replacement . That 's what we 'll be doing from here on out.So long , Kel-Gar . The tub was `` just ducky '' but your service was DOA!Update
 PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT buy this product !!!!!!!!!!!!! The tub is made of PVC vinyl which is also known as the `` poison plastic '' . PVC is NOT a safe material . Please read up on PVC and it 's effects on the human body if you are n't sure about it . I think you will be blown away by what you read . I contacted the company and they said that this tub meets government regulations . Unbelievable that the government does n't insist that companies use safer materials for the children and the environment .
 We bought this tub 3 months ago for our 6 month old daughter . It was great until it developed a slow leak on a seam . We would just have to re-inflate it a bit before each use , but now it wo n't even make it through one bath . Since it had only been 3 months , I called Amazon to see if they would replace it . Amazon told me I needed to contact the manufacturer , Kelgard . When I contacted them I was told to contact Amazon . So bottom line is no one seems to want to send us a replacement . It is great until it leaks . Is sure seems like we should have gotten more than 3 months use from it !
 This tub does the job well . I do agree with how the baby slides around the bottom , but I have solved that by folding a towel and putting it at the bottom . Although you end up with a sopping wet towel , this way , it 's much easier to bathe your baby without him/her sliding all over the place . Plus you dont have to worry about bumped heads or anything . Other baths on the market look great , but I worry about my baby and the hard plastic . The cuddle tub looks great , I havent tried that one out . I figure soaking a wash cloth in warm water and putting it over the baby would be a good idea for the cuddle tub so he/she doesnt get cold being suspended over the bath like that . Also , I sister in law has the safer bather . It works very well too , but it does start to stink after a while and if the water is high , it floats away from you a lot ... lol !! All I can say is shop around . Check other stores , too . Target has some great baths not advertised here . Good Luck ! This is a special area that needs a lot of attention for safety and comfort . Good luck and congratulations to everyone with your babies .
 I have looked at alot of other reviews before I bought and wished that I had n't because . You ca n't go off someone else 's experience , you REALLY have to experience it for yourself . First of all it 's too bulky . The suction thing on the tub did n't stick and it was in the way when I tried to shower and kept falling down . My poor baby kept sliding because there is no non-skid at the bottom of the tub , so I had to go out and buy a small mat to put at the bottom.I bought this tub only because my baby was out growing the fold away bath chair but it looks as though I will have to continue using it and buy a larger one for her . I was very temped to send it back but I 'm just going to sell it on ebay.I 'm sorry but it was a waste of money for me . I 'm happy that it did aleast work out for the other moms , maybe mines is defected !
 This bath tub is a great idea , but it 's made of vinyl , which makes it unsafe for babies & children . Vinyl leaches chemicals into the air which are very dangerous to humans , esp . babies & children . Ever smell that `` new shower curtain '' smell -LRB- you know the one -RRB- its a result of chemical off-gassing , releasing phthalates in your home . Phthalates cause endocrine disruption , are linked to asthma , and have developmental and reproductive effects.If you are buying this thinking it offers a safer bath environment for your child , think again !
 We have purchased 3 inflatable snug-tubs from Kelgar . The infant size tub was fine , and still works okay after 2 years . However , the slightly larger toddler size tub has a slow leak . The first one we bought had a very slow leak ; after 9 months it turned into a fast leak , so we bought another one , thinking we would n't be unlucky enough to get another defective one twice in a row.Wrong !! The second one arrived with a slow leak in the same place as the previous toddler size snug-tub . At first it was so slow , it just meant we 'd have to reinflate it once in a while ; then you have to reinflate it more and more often until finally it wo n't last through one bathing without going limp . After the second flop , I decided to just send the leaky tub back to Kel-Gar and ask for a free replacement . They never responded to my friendly letter . When I finally called -LRB- took me a while to get around to it ; I kept thinking that surely a replacement would be arriving any week now ! -RRB- , they were totally unhelpful.The woman who answered at `` Customer Service '' kept interrupting me to tell me that they do not accept returns , and any problems have to be taken up with the retailer . Way to stand behind your products , dudes!Then when I called the retalier -LRB- Right Start -RRB- just now , they said that it 's not their responsibility to handle a replacement , it 's the manufacturer 's -- BUT at least this customer service person was polite and said she 's ask her boss and look into it more , just to see if there is anything they can do.I 'm really surprised that Kel-Gar cares so little about their image with the public and about providing pleasant and helpful service to their customers , especially repeat customers such as myself . I mean , come on , how hard is it to throw a piece of plastic that weights about 8 ounces in the mail to keep a customer happy ?? However , since that is their attitude , you 're better off buying an inflatable tub from a real-life -LRB- non-virtual -RRB- retailer with a decent 90-day return policy , such as Babies-R-Us or Target , so that if a leak develops you can physically take it back and get a replacement . That 's what we 'll be doing from here on out.So long , Kel-Gar . The tub was `` just ducky '' but your service was DOA!Update
 PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT buy this product !!!!!!!!!!!!! The tub is made of PVC vinyl which is also known as the `` poison plastic '' . PVC is NOT a safe material . Please read up on PVC and it 's effects on the human body if you are n't sure about it . I think you will be blown away by what you read . I contacted the company and they said that this tub meets government regulations . Unbelievable that the government does n't insist that companies use safer materials for the children and the environment .
 We bought this tub 3 months ago for our 6 month old daughter . It was great until it developed a slow leak on a seam . We would just have to re-inflate it a bit before each use , but now it wo n't even make it through one bath . Since it had only been 3 months , I called Amazon to see if they would replace it . Amazon told me I needed to contact the manufacturer , Kelgard . When I contacted them I was told to contact Amazon . So bottom line is that no one seems to want to talk about replacing it for us . It is great until it leaks . Is sure seems like we should have gotten more than 3 months use from it !
 I like the idea behind this tub -- the size , the inflatable sides and bottom to cushion baby , the suction cup to attach it to the adult tub and the generous drain are all good features . However , the bottom is so slippery that after one try , I was afraid to use it again ! Even though I never take my eyes , nor hands for that matter , off of my son while in the tub , he still slipped all over in this one . You are supposed to be able to lay them back to wash their hair , but he just slipped right down into the bottom of the tub . Unless you find a way to make it slip-proof , even for babies that sit up well , I would not recommend this product!Our Snug Tub seems to have a slow leak which is also annoying .
 The purchase of this product was very smooth and I was so excited to get this tub ! Our daughter had outgrown her infant tub and needed something a little bigger to sit and splash around in . This was great , for a while . It 's slightly bigger than some other inflatable tubs , so if you have a small tub be prepared for a squeeze . I also liked that you could keep it inflated and hang it to dry using the suction cup attachment . Unfortunately , it only lasted a few months before a very small tear appeared on the side seem . I would expect that to happen eventually after extended use , but we only had it a short time and only deflated and blew it back up 2-3 times within that time span -LRB- for traveling -RRB- . May be we just got a defective tub , but I did n't want to take the chance of wasting money on another tub only for the same thing to happen again , so I ordered a different one . Bummer .
 The drain in the bottom of the tub was n't made correctly and the tub leaked air the first time we used it.We ended up purchasing a different tub at a baby store , and had much better luck . I 'd pass on this tub .
 For starters this tub is rather wide on the narrowest end and I was unable to get it under our faucet in the bathtub to fill it with water . This seems a little ridiculous since I 'd rather not fill it using a cup . Our bathtubs is a regular size -LRB- at least I thought -RRB- . My child also seemed to slide a lot when I would lean her back to wash her hair , she would slide down into the tub.We decided to send this one back . The biggest drawback was the fact that I could not fill this tub easily .
 In using this product for approx . a year , I have to had to use vinyl sealer for a couple of leaks around the seams . The concept is incredible and has saved my daughter 's head a couple of times . The non-slip bottom is excellent ! She loves playing in it as well . If it were made with better vinyl I would give it a 10 star ! Seriously , if you do n't want to make repairs , pass on this product otherwise it is money down the drain in approx . 1 month .
 I was hoping this would be a good transition tub for my 6 month old who is growing out of the tub that fits in the sink.If you are in the same situation , I caution you with this purchase -1 -RRB- It reeks like plastic and has for weeks .2 -RRB- it is dangerously slippery . My son can sit up very securely , however he immediately slid . I even bought a tub mat insert to try , and he still slipped .3 -RRB- It barely fits into our tub .
 Compared to other dry wash cloths , these were both small , expensive and not as good . When you can get 500 pcs for just above 20 usd why buy these ?
 This is the worst product for diaper rash caused by yeast . My 6-year old sweats a lot and got a bit of a yeast infection around his groin , so I put Desitin on it to help it heal and prevent further moisture . Well , he started screaming ! I could n't get the stuff off of him fast enough . A few months later , I had a yeast infection and decided to test it out on me to see if I got the same reaction - YOWZA ! It burned so badly I was nearly frantic trying to get the stuff off . It MAY help prevent a rash , but it is NOT recommended if your child already has a rash that might be yeast-related . I feel like the worst parent on the planet for putting this stuff on my two sons when they were babies .
 I did n't have any problems assembling it , but I do have three main complaints :1 -RRB- Either the music piece or the spinning piece makes a horrible grinding noise pretty much constantly which I think leads to :2 -RRB- Sometimes , fully wound , it just stops , perhaps because of the friction produced from point one . But a lot of times , hours later , it starts up again . My twins can sleep through anything , but man , talk about spooky , music boxes just starting up in the middle of the night . I know , I watch too many horror movies .3 -RRB- The way the part that spins connects to the spinning mechanism , it 's possible -LRB- and actually pretty likely -RRB- that the spinning hook will get a few rotations around before the plush part catches up , which makes the plush part jolt into action and spin a few times really fast.My kids do n't have any issue with it , but for the amount of money I paid , I expected something with a bit more quality .
 We purchased this mobile to go with the matching nursery set . I still ca n't believe how bad it is . Within a minute the string that attaches the mobile to the device that spins it broke . I decided to use a zip tie to patch it to see if my son even liked it . He did but it has too many design flaws to go with it 's poor quality . The tree is just a plush toy with no support , so the limbs sag making the animals hang low . Even with that sagging of the limbs some of the animals get stuck against the holding arm . When that happens you have to give it a nudge to get it spinning again . The mobile is powered by a wind up that lasts about 2 minutes . The music quality is low and after a few days of use the mechanism in the wind up started making constant loud noise.I 'm returning this piece of crap before anything else happens . I 'm half expecting one of the stuffed animals to suddenly explode .
 The animals are cute . Assembly is -LRB- for the most part , see below -RRB- easy , and it attaches well to our crib.The music is loud and the quality is AWFUL . I suspect it might induce nightmares rather than an actual desire to sleep . I do n't expect that we 'll use it . Ever . Which is too bad , because it means that we 'll have to turn the mobile by hand since the two features do not operate independently . However , as another reviewer noted , one of the animals/palm tree arms is too big to fit past the arm assembly as it turns in any case.The pieces all clipped together easily except for the music box ; the hook on the arm attachment has insufficient space to allow the music box portion to slide on . We 'll need a zip tie or an s-hook to complete assembly.I feel as though this product did not actually go through a thorough QA process - they missed the part where they tried all of the pieces together .
 I was excited to purchase this mobile for my sons crib . Especially because it matched the crib set . I was even more excited that at about 2 months old my son loved the music and stuffed animals . I was angered when at my sons 3 month mark the mechanism that rotates the stuffed animals and makes the music broke . I am very disappointed by the build quality of the mechanical aspect of this mobile .
 We got the Jungle Babies theme for our son 's room and generally love all the stuff -- the one thing that lacks is the mobile -- it only lasts 2.5 minutes , and is far too loud for putting a baby to sleep . I would n't buy this even for $ 3 .
 I used this twice , once with a teething biscuit and once with banana and found it impossible to clean . Washed it several times then put it through the dishwasher and what came out was a disgusting mess . I threw it away . Everyone else here seems to love them - what am I missing?Also , Target sells a version by Munchkin that 's less than half the price .
 This item seems like a good idea , but after purchasing two I feel that we 've fallen victim to `` new parent baby marketing '' . Our baby was n't interested at all in sucking on anything in it . She woudl n't even go for fruits that we knew she loved . I 'm guessing the mesh is too distracting or annoying to them -LRB- ? -RRB- She would just shake it around , bang it , or throw it . Also , it 's a total pain to clean it . The netting never gets clean in the dishwasher.Save your money on this one .
 I tried this after reading the great reviews . My 10 month old daughter never sucks on the mesh part but just uses the handle as a teether . Even when she puts her mouth to the mesh - she just sucks on the mesh but not at the food inside.Needless to say I am dissappointed ...
 I think the idea is great , but obviously the person that created it never had to clean a banana from it !!! I spent 2 hours and there were still places that it was impossible to clean . I do n't want to give my daughter a fruit in something that may have bacteria from the previous fruit that was placed in it ... . I used it just once and never again . It is impossible to have the baby safe feeder 100 % clean with a fruit like a banana .
 I was swayed by all the positive reviews of this product . I am sure that it works with * some * babies , but unfortunately my daughter is not one of them . She wo n't put the mesh part in her mouth at all ... she keeps turning it the opposite way and chewing on the handle . While the feeder seems like an innovative idea , I think I 'm better off either pureeing foods or just waiting to give her certain foods when she is older and less likely to choke .
 The idea of this product is great and that is why I bought it . It has one major problem . To get it clean again is almost impossible . I used it first with a banana and since I could not get all of the banana out of the mesh I ended up tossing it . It came with an extra mesh and I used an apple in that . It met with the same fate .
 My daughter hates this for some reason . she is teething , so i thought it would be great . I put cantaloupe in it and she licked it and then threw it on the floor and cried when I put it up to her mouth again . We have tried 3x now and she HATES it . I even tried freezing fruit in it and giving it to her that way . I think she hates the feel of the mesh bag . So I just diced the food up like usual and gave it to her that way , even though its messy and she gags on it sometimes . I was disapponited because I thought this would be so nice and avoid all of that hassle and mess but I guess this just wo n't work out for us .
 While I do n't share everyone elses enthusiasm about this product , I will say that my 5 month old ` liked ' it . I gave two stars instead of one only for that reason . I ca n't understand how people are able to clean this thing . I scrubbed it , put it in the dishwasher , used a brissle brush , but it took forever to clean . One thing is for sure , if you buy this , do n't use the peel on foods as suggested . I had a little more luck cleaning this when I peeled the grapes -LRB- which you 'll see is n't really that hard , apples and pears . Bananas I 'll never use again , they are virtually impossible to get out of the inside mesh area by the ring . Also , when my baby was done , he was soaked from all the juice and sooo sticky . On the positive , he did seem to have fun at first . Up until the food was small and it kept going up to the top where he could n't put his mouth around it.Good luck to those who buy this , maybe you 'll have better luck like the other reviewers .
 My 8 month old loves to eat biscuts and toasts , but sometimes I get a little nervous about the possiblility of chocking on little pieces that he bites off . So I thought this would be perfect . I 've tried all different kinds of fruit and he wants nothing to do with it . He does n't get any fruit from the mesh , just fluid . This does n't teach him how to eat . Sometimes you need to let them take off a chunk and watch what they do with it . Obviously , you need to use your judgement . Also , I thought the ... price tag was a little hefty for a mesh bag and handle , but figured I 'd give it a try . Aside from his not liking it , it is impossible to clean . Most likely a ploy to get you to spend more money on replacement bags . Definately not worth the -LSB- money -RSB- . I 'm sorry I bought it . With all the baby stuff out there on the market , it 's hard to know what you should buy . This product should n't be one of them .
 I was SO excited to get this feeder for my 8 month old . I 've tried using it several times and he will not put it past his lips ! I 've tried to ` help ' him get started eating from it , but he wo n't bite ! The reason is the mesh bag . He does n't like the feel of it . He is that way with foods that are not blended smooth enough as well.I would love for him to use it , but I 'm not sure what to do ! Maybe I will just rely on the food grinder from now on.Great idea though !
 My son is 8 months we have used this item 3 to 4 times since november . He was not really that found of it but I gave it a try since so many highly recommended it and after spending 10 $ for it on amazon -LRB- shipped -RRB- Imagine my supprise when I see a piece of apple next to my kid and ask my mom how he got it out of the feeder.My mom said he was chokeing on apple and shown me the mesh ripped completly from top to bottom like you would cut it with a sharp knife . I will try to add a picture of it ripped.My feeder is ripped and my kid is alive - lucky me I dont have to gamble with my baby life again - and why ? to let him suck on a fruit thru a `` sock '' that is unsafe . You want your baby to eat fruit mash it and feed him please do n't experriment.Awful product I dont understand why people write such good reviewes . Just put a piece of fruit in it and try it yourself if you like it - AWFUL !
 Sorry , but this product was a waste of money . My son hated it . He just `` did n't get it '' . He used it as a toy and threw it on the floor every time I offered it to him . I just gave up ! He has been eating fresh fruits and vegetables since he was 9 months old without the use of this unnecessary product . You will have to wean your child off this gadget eventually so why even bother ?
 My daughter hated this item . She only decided she liked it after she has almost a full mouth of teeth . What a waste . So if you have a finicky child like mine who is sensitive to new tastes and textures , save your money and forget this product .
 A neighbor had recommended this product and it sounded great . I bought it along with extra bags and my baby loves it . We have used it several times and have found two major problems with it . It is really a pain to clean but worse than that - my baby breaks out in a rash around his mouth after each use , despite us washing his face immediately after he is done eating . We have determined that he is allergic to the mesh and wo n't be using it again . What is it made of anyway ?? I threw the packaging out and wish I had kept it .
 My son loves it . As soon as I gave it to him with a piece of banana he started chewing on it . But to clean it afterwards is almost impossible . I am trying to find something else .
 I saw it in a catalog , but did n't want to spend the money until a friend who 's the mother of twins got one and came to work with raves about this great thing she 'd just bought . I picked one up since I 'm paranoid about feeding the bambino anything that might migrate to the wrong tube . Much to my dismay , my son hates it ! No matter what we put in there , he scrunches up his little face and pitches the feeder on the floor . We think it may be the texture of the mesh . Anyway , I still think it 's a great idea , but my son refuses to be convinced !
 I bought this for my son when he was 8 months old . At that time , he had just started chewing on teething biscuits and I wanted to give him a little more variety in his diet . I think we used it twice before we decided it was too much work . It is a great idea , but takes forever to clean the food out the the bag and my son was fed up with the amount of work he had to put into getting swallow of food . Maybe if we had tried it when he was just being introduced to fruits and veggies this would have worked , but I 've decided it was just a huge waste of money for us .
 My sister-in-law bought this for me , and it was a lifesaver ! My son stayed quiet while I cooked dinner . However , he 's 10 months old , and likes to throw things on the floor . The green top breaks very easily , and my son has just broken the third top . I ca n't keep buying replacements for it -- it 's getting too expensive . The idea is excellent , but the product quality stinks , and I 'm not buying another replacement , nor am I going to encourage any of my pregnant family or friends to buy it .
 Unless your child has a feeding issue that prevents thenm from eating solids this is a waste of money . My son started to eat solids that were not pured before he even had teeth , ask your pediatrician , they can tell you that until your child has molars that chew with their gums . First he started with cheerios , they will melt in your babies mouth , and yes he did gaga little , but a nurse told me that is normal and part of the process of learnign to eat . When he mastered that I introduced other foods . To make it safe I just cut his food up into tiny pieces -LRB- about the size of a cheerio -RRB- . He only has 4 teeth now at 12 monthes old but he eats what we eat , just cut up -LRB- the pieces can be larger now -RRB- .
 This product looked GREAT online and I thought it would be the perfect way to allow my young son to feed himself independently some of the time . He wanted NOTHING to do with it . Really , would YOU want to eat your food through a piece of mesh ? I did n't think so .
 i believe this is a good product but its not suitable for my 14 month old daughter . she screams when i show it to her and wants all her fruits in hand to chew on her own . she has 4 teeth up top and 2 on bottom . since she was younger , she has been excellent about not swallowing what she knows wont fit down her throat . i plan to use the feeder with my next baby due in 2 weeks as soon as he is ready to use it and hope he favors it .
 I have a hard time believing that the baby would not choke on this . They are putting the mesh bag in their mouths and they could get that mesh bag back far enough to choke themselves . They do not have the knowledge yet to know to pull it out . Not sold on these !!!!
 This product seemed like it would be such a great thing , but my daughter would have nothing to do with it . It 's way too hard for babies to actually get any food through the mesh -- the holes are too small . It ended up as just one more gunky mess for me to clean up .
 I never used this with my son because when I attempted to wash it before use , it slipped through the top rack of the dishwasher -LRB- the recommended washing spot -RRB- and the plastic then melted . Be very careful if you clean this in the dishwasher !
 This product is a really good idea , but be warned that it 's difficult to clean . Bits of food get trapped in the seams of the mesh bag and near the plastic ring . I scrub using a short-bristle brush as recommended , soak and rinse under hot water repeatedly and still ca n't get it completely clean . Stains are one thing , but pieces of food will grow bacteria . I worry how safe that is to give to a baby . If the manufacturer can fix the problem , this would be a must-have product .
 I do n't really know if this thing works or not because my 8 mo old refuses to have anything to do with it . Keep in mind that she puts anything & everything in her mouth , will eat any food I try to feed her & is currently teething . It seems like a great idea for that short transition period between mush & solids . This particular one appealed to me because it 's not dyed & it 's made in the USA . As to whether or not it works ? I will never know !
 The feeder works fine , though the netting does get nasty from banana and is really hard to get clean after baby eats banana in it.However , my baby broke the green part of the cap just by dropping the feeder on the wood floor - the SECOND time she used it.It has a crack in it now that has a sharp edge , so it is no longer safe for her to use . The design was fine but turned out not to be worth my $ 5 .
 It was okay while it lasted but then the mesh started unraveling at the seams . I like the concept of this but in practical use , my 7.5 month old was n't thrilled about using this . The handle is a bit heavy and I wondered why they could n't make it a little lighter to hold . My baby ends up holding onto the mesh part of this b/c the handle is too heavy for her . Eating out of this does get really messy but that 's going to happen any time babies try to feed themselves . In comparison to the Munchkin Feeder I bought , this is nice in that the handle screw off but the Munchkin feeder is much more durable and the mesh is easier to clean .
 I ordered these bags because I can no longer get this brand locally . Instead of receiving the feeder bags listed above , I received the Sassy brand -- which I do not like because they do not fit my feeder . I am so frustrated as I have a teething toddler who is in miserable pain and only enjoys crushed ice in her mesh feeder !!!
 I too received the Sassy brand , rather than what is pictured and advertised , as I was moving too fast to read the feedback . One star -LRB- ideally , less -RRB- . This MUST be remedied .
 These did not fit the original Babysafe Feeders unlike the misleading item title and description . They are the Sassy brand . They are too small and do not fit . Very disappointed !
 Theses replacement bags are too small for Sassy teething feeder . They do n't match at all . Ca n't use them on feeder .
 This product is advertised as refills for the Baby Safe Feeder but they are too big . Waste of money . I had to order the original replacement bags from the Baby Safe website . Do n't waste your money !
 My husband ordered this product thinking it would work with the original Baby Safe Feeder -LRB- TM -RRB- as the second picture indicates and stated in the product title but it does not . The only way you can get replacement bags for the `` green '' feeder -LRB- only one made in the USA -RRB- is by going to -LRB- ... -RRB- . These replacement bags are for the Sassy Teething Feeder . Amazon and the seller has been contacted to correct this misrepresentation and misuse of a trademark .
 I received Sassy brand mesh bags , which are too large to fit in the green baby safe feeder shown in the photo -LRB- they also do not fit the Nuby feeder , which I also have -RRB- . If you have a Sassy feeder , then great . If not , do n't waste your money .
 I bought these and the feeder at the sametime . My daughter hated it ! Cleaning bananas out of these are impossible . If you REALLY want these , go to Babies-R-US ... I think they are cheaper . But save your money !!
 We use this headrest for their bouncy seats only . I do n't use it in their car seats because the smaller part of the head rest only fit their heads for a few weeks and the bigger part is to big for them now .
 I got this for my Evenflo Travel System -LRB- Portabout 5 -RRB- and it was not very good . It just looked way too bulky . The directions from the travel system say to use a rolled up receiving blanket for neck support . So , i think I will just try that or the baby Boppy .
 It is not recommended that you use anything in your carseats that is not provided by the maker of the carseat , so this was a waste . If you need support buy a boppy neck support - much better !
 This is a hazard . We were told by a certifed carseat person that it is a danger , it could slip behind the babys neck close off the babys ' airway . It should be taken off the market .
 I am not rating this very highly because my daughter 's head still flopped around quite a lot when I used it because babies ' car seats have them sitting almost upright even as newborns . This did n't help her head from going side to side or even forward . Also , my car seat came with one .
 This product is unsafe . yes to an untrained individual thinking of comfort for their infant , it looks much safer than a bobbing head during a crash , but if you actually watch an infant and an infant seat in a collision , the head does not bob from side to side . The baby moves with the impact , and with this headrest , the child is separated from the seat , resulting in a higher rate of injuries , including those to the neck and back . It may seem minimal , but it is significant ! Aftermarket producers tell you they are safe , and why would n't they ? They make money on it ! a rolled up receiving blanket placed around an infants head , not behind it , is safe . THIS IS NOT . Who are you going to trust ? A sales associate making commission on his sales , or a carseat inspector , trained to potentially save lives of a baby . They do not tell you to remove aftermarket products for their benefit . It is for the safety of the precious cargo depending on you !!
 In my childbirth class , the state car seat technician came in and explained to the class how to properly use infant car seats . She said that you should n't use any type of headrest that did not come with the car seat as it has not been tested and approved as safe . Instead , she recommended using rolled up receiving blankets on the sides of the baby to keep him/her from flopping over .
 I 'm not sure why but it did n't work for me . My son 's head still flopped around ; it was n't deep enough . I use the `` wings '' instead , they work great !
 If I could have used zero stars , I would have been more accurate.It 's true that after market items like this HAVE NOT BEEN CRASH TESTED and are therefore NOT recommended for use with your car seat . The alternative IS to use rolled up towels or diapers AROUND your baby 's head or body . NOT BEHIND . The problem with these headrests is that they add material behind the heads and bodies . This added material increases the distance your baby will travel during a crash . This is n't good . Your car seat was n't tested with extra material . That 's why they are n't recommended .
 These types of items that you buy separate from the car seat and add to it are called `` aftermarket products '' and are not recommended . Certified Child Passenger Safety Technicians state that these products have not been crash tested and may interfer with the way your car seat was designed to function . Anything that comes with a car seat has been crash tested with the seat . Anything you buy to add to the seat has not . Nothing should go behind the baby or around the harness straps of the car seat . A better alternative to protect floppy newborn heads is to take a thin receiving blanket , roll it up and bend it into an upside-down `` U '' shape and place it around the baby 's head . It is also crucial that your infant seat is reclined at a 45 degree angle so the baby 's head does not flop forward and cut off his/her airway . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I returned the headrest that I received at my baby shower . I found that the items I needed to use it with -LRB- the carseat , the stroller , the swing , etc. -RRB- , came with their own headrest . Also , parents should know , that when I had my carseat checked by the sheriff department 's trained carseat safety deputy , I was told NOT to use one of these in a carseat UNLESS the seat comes with one that is made to specially fit that seat . Using one in a seat that it was n't made for can cause your child to fit improperly in the seat , putting them at greater risk for injury . The product may be a fine one , but I found an `` extra '' one to be unnecessary .
 Although the product description says it can be used in carseats , according to the NHTSA , anything that was not crash tested in your particular car seat compromises its ability to protect your child ! If you really feel the need to have head support , roll some light receiving blankets and put them around the sides of the head . Nothing should be behind baby or between the front of baby and the straps . Some carriers and carseats do have supports included with them . They are considered safe as they were tested with the seat.I give this product 2 stars instead of 1 because it is great for use in swings and bouncers , especially for tiny babies .
 These did not work well for my daughter . It would end up behind her head , keeping her head forward and straining her neck .
 I 'm 7 months pregnant and bought this pillow a few weeks ago . I could n't sleep at all . It 's small , hard , and the wedge does nothing for me -LRB- I 'm just under 5 feet tall so it 's small for a petite person ... not good -RRB- . I just use a regular , soft , standard pillow for my mid-section , and I sleep through the night easily .
 at ten bucks it 's so cheap I thought it 'd be worth a try , and it 's teeny compared to the body pillow I 've been using - but ouch !!! it 's like putting a triangular shaped brick under my hip . I did n't think sleeping in the third trimester could get any LESS comfortable ... until I purchased this atrocity .
 I bought this pillow and from the looks of the picture I imagined that it would be much larger pillow . But when I recieved it , it was very small incline . Maybe only a couple inches . Very upset , easy return !
 This pillow was a waste of money.I could not use it for my belly or between my legs . It 's so tiny , my full length body pillow from Bed , Bath and Beyond has been much more helpful , I even bought two ! I 'm 9 mo. along and still have not found use for the pregnancy pillow deluxe .
 This pillow was a waste of money and did not provide the much needed support that my tummy needs at this point in pregnancy . Save your money !!
 i decided to buy this because of the great reviews but i got fooled this product was awfull it was a pillow for a pet rather then someone expecting i hated it ...
 Being pregnant -- I was looking for a larger , softer memory foam-type pillow . It 's small , and hard , and may make a good foot rest ... ? but I 'm not impressed .
 I found that this pillow was not soft enough to adjust to the weight of my pregnant stomach , so as I leaned into it on my left side at night I felt it lifted me way too much and I could not really adjust it.I also tried it behind my back just to help me not roll around in the bed that is a better use for it I guess but would not buy it again .
 I thought it was bigger . I wanted it to prop myself up when on my back . I should have looked at the size before ordering .
 I had a wedge pillow similar to this one my previous pregnancy that was perfect , but lost it along the years . I thought this was the same but it 's not - I simply can not stand using it , it 's so hard it actually hurts my belly . Not worth the trouble to return it for 10 bucks ; will see if anyone else can ` stomach ' it .
 The pillow is too small , I tought it was bigger . After a couple of days of use it started to loose its firmness and now after a month of use it is basically starting to look flat . I do n't recomend it .
 When ordering this pillow , I thought it would be one of those hospital grade wedge pillows . When it got here , and I opened it , I found a little tiny wedge pillow , not really good for anything .
 Not helpful once I really got big . Actually , once I got showing at all it did n't help . I am not comfortable in any position .
 There is no point in using a pillow this small for support , you might as well use a folded up towel and save yourself ten dollars plus freight .
 If you are expecting the answer to those sleeping problems and strains on the stomach , forget it ! Whilst being tolerably comfortable and firm , it is tiny and would be more appropriate for laying one of those ` outie ' belly buttons on . So when a pillow sized box comes in the mail do n't get your hopes up .
 This pillow is super tiny and a big disappointment.It does not provide adequate support or relief from the discomforts of pregnancy . I feel like I was mislead and I wasted my money .
 I was terribly uncomfortable and needed some support for my baby belly , but this was not even close to the answer to my problem . I 'll say it again because these are the only two words worthy of writing about this product : Terrible and pointless .
 I tried the wedge under my belly -LRB- 24 weeks pregnant -RRB- and did n't like how it felt . The foam is too firm and does n't mold well under my body . The fabric was soft enough , but I wish the velcro opening in the back edge was a covered zipper instead . Now , I use a regular body pillow with a cover that I got cheap -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- at Target , and I love it ! Helps me sleep so much better , and the pillow is soft enough to squish under my belly and between my legs . I did n't want to get one of those expensive pregnancy body pillows . For me , this solution has worked perfectly for side sleeping during pregnancy .
 I was looking for a sleeping wedge for gastric acid . This was good price , but did not have product size . So I made a mistake . Guess it is good for what it says it is .
 The truth is , you ca n't cheap out on comfort . I bought this for my 5 mo. pregnant wife who was starting to have trouble sleeping . This pillow is flimsy and did not provide much support because of the awkward angle you have to put it at to use it . Also , if you do buy it , wash the cover first - it smelled like melted plastic right out of the box .
 This pillow not only does n't help me find any comfort while I try to sleep , but the hard foam material also makes my pregnant belly or back hurt . Would not recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this wedge as my stomach started getting bigger to find some comfort sleeping at night . The wedge is very stiff , even after working it for a little while . The angle of it is n't right . . it should be thicker at it 's current thinnest part , because basically , my belly just pushes into it , and it falls on the floor , eventually . It was a waste of money , and a rolled up blanket or pillow does the job way better , and they are way more comfortable !
 I purchased this product because I 'm 5 months with my 2nd baby . I wanted a firm pillow but this was way too firm ! It made my ribs hurt . I exchanged it for the boppy pregnancy wedge . It was only $ 3 more and it works great !!!
 For my first pregnancy I had the wedge made by `` Boppy '' . It was a real life saver , and was so useful for before my daughter could sit up alone . I gave it away to a friend , and was forced to purchase a new belly wedge . I bought this one . I hate it . the material is ver rough , it does n't follow the contour of my belly , nor does it stay in place . Spend your money elsewhere !
 I bought this wedge pillow in my third trimester and used it for 3 nights and will now be returning it . I bought it due to back pain while sleeping . My back pain was definitely worse after the 3 nights I used this pillow .
 My caring husband bought this for me when I was 6 months pregnant . I think that the pillow is too small and is very cheaply made . I am now 3 weeks away from giving birth and the pillow is almost flat . I am only 160 lbs. , 5 ft. 6 , and do n't consider myself a big pregnant person . It is made for small people -LRB- maybe 5 ft and under ?? -RRB- and I do n't recommend it . It gives no support . Just get a body pillow .
 I expected a large wedge I was n't expecting such a small wedgeI should have paid more attention to the measurement
 It is very small , I thought it would be larger . If I use it behind my back it digs into my lungs . Spend more money and get a larger one .
 I bought this pillow to support my belly in my third trimester because not supporting it was causing my back to ache during the day and night . I used it the first night and it made my back ache worse . It is hard and does not support at all . The small size does little to help either . I would suggest a foam pillow which contours to your belly .
 This wedge is very small , it will work well for supporting a pregnant belly but is not for sleeping on . I was disappointed that it was so small and firm .
 This item is extremely firm almost cardboard-like . I wo n't be using this item in my last 2 trimesters of pregnancy .
 Do n't waste your money . This pillow is hard and does n't do the job right . Constantly I was finding myself re-adjusting to try and get comfortable with it the few nights I tried to use it . If you were going to think you 're saving money by using something like this , you 'll find that a folded towel or even old feather pillow works wayyyyyy better .
 The picture made this look bigger than it was . It is small and does little to assist in making you comfortable . If I could find the receipt , I would send it back . The pregnancy pillows are much better and can be used for so much more .
 I 'd give it 0 stars if that was an option ! This pump is VERY painful -LRB- damaging in fact -RRB- , has inconsistent suction , does not promote `` let down '' , and is noisy . I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone ! I purchased this pump before returning to work after the birth of my child . If this was the only product available to me , I would have stopped pumping after a week . I would recommend this product be permanently removed from store shelves!Consider purchasing a Medela Pump In Style instead . The Medela pump is well worth the investment .
 I purchased this pump hoping that I would be able to double pump during my lunch break at work . After only two weeks of pumping twice during an eight hour period , the pump quit on me . I called the company & they sent me an entire new pump . About four weeks later , I was only able to single pump & had to call the company again . They sent me just an arm replacement . It has been another four weeks & I have to call the company again for another arm replacement.Even though I have had problems with this pump , the company has been helpful enough in sending me replacement parts . But I wish I had not purchased this product .
 This product was very painful . It took forever to get any milk out . It got to the point where my nipple got stuck in the tube due to thinking it was my fault why no milk was coming . I realized everything was poor working . I ended up returning the thing & using a manual single pump I received from the hospital & it worked like a charm .
 I purchased this pump because it was the cheapest dual , electric pump I could find . Within 3 days , one of the arms was broken and the motorized pump would n't give enough suction to even use it on one side . The customer service people were very nice and sent a new one within 3 business days . However , after 2 months of fairly successful pumping -LRB- albeit , sometimes uncomfortable -RRB- , I could n't get my milk to let-down with this pump . After weeks of trying and only getting 1-2 ounces at each attempt , I broke down and got a hospital grade Ameda pump . The difference is amazing ! Only 30 seconds on the new pump and my milk was flowing easily . The new pump is less portable but SO much more comfortable and efficient I 'll never go back .
 I purchased this pump when my son was 5 days old . I did n't return to work until he was over three months old . As a result , I was beyond the company 's return-by date . I used the product for approximatly one month before the suction on both sides went out . I did some research and decided to go with the more expensive Pump in Style , which , I might add , I have been extremely pleased with . After contacting the company , they advised me that I would not be able to get my money back , and would only be able to get a replacement pump instead . I was highly disappointed with the performance of this product , and will be staying away from this company 's products in the future .
 Do n't buy this product !!! It is extremely painful to use this pump on a regular basis and can harm your breasts , trust me spend the extra money for a good pump !!
 I bought this pump thinking that an electric one would be better than a hand pump and that a double one would also be faster to use . I was wrong . When I purchased this as a first time mother , I really did not know what to expect ... I found it uncomfortable and after two weeks - one side broke . I received another one and in a month the same thing happened to the second pump ... one side broke as well . I gave up on this pump and bought the hand held Advent Isis . I am so thrilled with the Advent hand pump - it is unexpectedly easy and comfortable to use . A good breastpump makes breastfeeding easier - get a hand pump .
 Follow everyone 's advice and do not waste your money on this !!! It hurt me like crazy and I was lucky to get 1 ounce out in 15 minutes from both breasts . I would recommend the Isis , it 's far better than trying to get this thing to work .
 I should have listened to the other reviewers of this product . This is the only pump I 've ever purchased so I did n't know what to expect from a pump , but this pump was painful to use . Apparently it does n't have to be this way . Granted it could be my technique , but I was only able to get 21/2 ounces -LRB- both breasts combined -RRB- at a time . After no more than 6 tries , the motor lost power and I could n't get anything . I 'm now using the manual Medela pump that I got from the hospital and while my arms are tired , at least my nipples are n't sore . -LRB- Ironically , the lactation specialist in the hospital says that there are 4 brands of pumps that they tell all their patients not to waste money on , and `` The First Years '' is one of them . I have to say from this pump that I agree -RRB- . I did n't think I 'd be pumping often enough to spend a lot of money on an electric pump , but in retrospect I should have purchased the Medela Pump-In-Style . I will for my second child . I hope I can prevent other moms or soon-to-be-moms from making the same mistake .
 This was my first experiance with an electric pump , and was awful ! The motor was very weak and it did not provide the proper suction . I called the company and told them of my complaints , they sent me a new motor and new washer rings -LRB- the rings in case the suction was being broken -RRB- however neither helped . This pump was loud , and painful and did not allow me to pump enough milk . The suction release is manualy operated but the motor could not keep up with the number up times I would need to relase per minute to simulate my baby 's sucking , witch made let down even harder ! I do not suggest to anyone to buy this product .
 I purchased this pump hoping for a fast and convenient way to pump while working . After I used this product about ten times , the motor for the sucking action went out . When the pump did work , I was lucky to get an ounce , which took over thirty minutes of pumping.I would not recommend this pump to anyoneA true waste of time and money .
 I bought this pump because of the low price . I wish now that I had invested the extra dollars and bought a Medela -LRB- the same brand the hospital had me use when I was hospitalized for a week at 4 weeks post-partum -RRB- . Anyway , this pump does n't suction well and it is extremely painful to use . After trying repeatedly to get it to work well , I gave up and used the hand Medela pump the hospital gave me to take home .
 I thought that with it being a dual pump it would be faster ... wrong . I only found it to be weak , painful and a little on the loud side . I ended up springing the money for a Medula and what a difference . Please rent a pump before you buy one so you can feel what a difference a hospital grade pump makes . If you are looking to pump only one bottle a week , then choose a manual hand pump -LRB- it 's cheaper and does n't hurt your tender breast -RRB- .
 Aside from the noise it makes -LRB- like a cow -RRB- the pump is malfunctioming after 4 weeks of use . The on off button doesnt always work and it is losing suction and power . And since I ca n't find a 1 800 number for the manufacture , cant return it to the store of purchase -LRB- `` sanitary reasons '' -RRB- , and if i return it to the manufacture i have to get a replacement while this one is out of service , we have no choice but to mess with it ourselves . As a first time mom i prefer to give birth again than to try and use this pump at work , my only private place since the machine is so loud will be out in the car and hope that noone walks by . They need to have better customer support from this manufacture .
 This product is USELESS . IT is not customer friendly . I hate it and I cant believe I paid money for this . For the future MOM dont get this product it is a waste of money .
 This pump was n't a good deal . It was too painful to use regularly .
 I never could get both breasts situated for double pumping . Doing it single was ok but not good . I got better results with the manual pump they gave me for free in the hospital . It seemed better at causing let down which is crucial to a productive pumping experience . I would not recommend this pump at all .
 I absolutely DETEST this pump . I wish it were returnable ! Everytime I look at it , I become irritated ... This is my first child and I was so anxious to breastfeed after reading 3 books on the subject ; however , after having `` latch on '' difficulties with my son , I decided to pump . I purchased a manual pump first and had great results but needed to pump so often that it became strenuous so I decided to invest in this electric pump . BIG mistake ! After many crying sessions and my husband telling me to give it more chances , I decided that it was never going to pump more than an ounce here or there . NO SUCTION at all without FIRMLY pressing it against your breasts which hurts -LRB- and still no results ! -RRB- . TERRIBLE product in my opinion and will compound any frustrations & difficulties you may experience with the breastfeeding process . With my next child , I will do as the others who have reviewed this product have done
 This pump is terrible ! The suction and motor started to fade out before my baby was 2 months old . It is also extremely painful . This is my first child and I had no comparison , but I soon realized it should n't hurt that much !! I had n't even gone back to work yet . Spend the money on the expensive pumps , it is totally worth it !
 my grandmother bought this pump for me and not wanting to hurt her feeling i made up different reasons not to use it . its very loud , it pulls too much on the nipple , and u cant get the suction right , either its too much suction or not enuff . also i never could get the dual part goin on . the bottles moved around too much i could only get one seal at a time ... it usually took about 1 hr to get 6 oz.now i 'm about to spend tha money on a pump in style because it is 1 of 2 pumps rated for full time pumping . ...
 I purchased the Dual Breast Pump Kit by The First Years when I first had my baby . I did n't use it often & it worked ok cause I had the time . When I went back to work I took me over 30 minutes to pump 6 oz . and the motor started rattling louder . I got it out quicker by hand ! With the design it sucks milk into the motor & causes it to go bad . My employeer was upset with the time I took & I was afraid I would be forced to supplement . Then I decided to go for a better product . I got the Pump-N-Style by Medela & LOVE IT ! It gets 8 oz . in 10 minutes ! I wrote First Years and told them how their product was faulty & they returned my money . I will by First Years again , just not their pumps . In the long run , -LSB- price -RSB- for a pump is not that bad to get a good one unless you have a lot of time on your hands .
 I have been reading the reviews for this product and am having a very hard time deciding if I want to buy it or not . The lady called `` baby enthusiast '' has me so confused . First she praises the pump and now she hates it . I am so confused by her statements that I do n't know what to think or do about it any more . I guess she should make a final decision and stick to it before she reviews again .
 I 'm currently looking into getting a different breast pump for baby # 3 . The first Evenflo single pump model 's motor broke down -LRB- the pump I had for our first child -RRB- . It was getting weaker and weaker suction -LRB- it lasted only 9 months -RRB- . The next baby , I decided to get this double pump model hoping it would cut my pumping time at work and home in half . It only lasted a couple of months before the motor was getting weaker and the suction poorer . I pumped about every 3 hours at work and at home and was lucky to get a couple ounces out , but I expected this pump to handle that amount of time . I got more out hand expressing into the cone , but that was time consuming . I eventually had to disconnect one of the arms and bottles and use the single pump option in order to get enough suction . Even that did n't last very long . It was frustrating to spend money on something that does n't do what it 's supposed to . I 'm seriously looking into getting an Isis manual pump this time . The cone is supposed to help let down -LRB- w / the `` petals '' -RRB- and it wo n't make that horrible echo motor noise while in the women 's restroom at work . Fellow co-workers have a tendency to joke around that I have some other battery operated device in there besides a breast pump . It 's kind of annoying . I 'll have to try it and review it afterwards .
 I 've been using this pump for 6 weeks now and pretty much since day one , I 've not been able to utilize the dual pump feature . If you have large breasts , it 's VERY awkward regardless of the fact that it can move in many directions . The suction power was very good -LRB- at first -RRB- but I 've noticed that it is losing that gradually ! Not only is it losing the suction , one side has worse suction than the other . I 'm still able to get milk out but I do wonder for how much longer . I really recommend going with a single pump if your breasts are cup D or larger . To be all fair , the bottles are great , the bag is somewhat cheesy , it does come with two different nipple adapters , and one cold pack .
 I loved it at first . It worked great . But after 31/2 months it just stopped working . It would be on but with no suction . I do n't know why it just stopped working , I need to see if its still under warrenty . Maybe its just a fluke . Luckily a friend of mine gave me her Medela `` Pump in Style '' . If you can afford the expensive Medela get it rather than take a chance .
 I would n't advise anyone to get this pump due to my experience with it . I tried using it twice , for one I dont like the suction it was a constant pull on my nipples . The second time I gave it a try it had pulled my nipples all the way through the chamber till my nipples were sticking out of the other end . It wounld not release me even when I turned it off . The baby was crying and I was crying running around the house looking for something to get these cups off my breast . I finally had to get some cooking oil and a sink of warm water . After that you can say i was swollen and sore . I wasted no time getting rid of that suction trap . PLEASE not go through what I did by getting this pump . You do better with hand expresstion , trust me I am .
 I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PUMP TO ANYONE ! I 'VE TRIED 3 DIFFERENT PUMPS , THE SAME EXACT ONE . THEY WERE ALL FAULTY . PUMP # 1 , IT WAS GREAT IN THE BEGINNING FOR ABOUT A WEEK THEN THE SUCTION GOT WEAK , AND THEN IT STOPPED ALL TOGETHER . I TOOK IT BACK TO THE STORE FOR ANOTHER ON OF THE SAME KIND BECAUSE I THOUGHT WELL MAYBE THIS ONE IS JUST A FAULTY . PUMP # 2 , WORKED FOR MAYBE A COUPLE DAYS AND THEN AGAIN NO SUCTION . I TOOK THIS ON BACK TO THE STORE GIVING THE PUMP THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT AND AGAIN EXCHANGED IT FOR ANOTHER ONE OF THE SAME KIND . PUMP # 3 , FROM THE FIRST USE ... ABSOLUTELY NO SUCTION . I WAS TOTALLY DISGUSTED ... I WORK FULL-TIME AND IT IS VERY FRUSTRATING GOING TO THE STORE EVERY OTHER DAY BECAUSE A BREAST PUMP WHICH SEEMS TO BE REWARDING TURNS OUT TO BE A FLUKE !! I 'M TOTALLY OUTRAGED ... I WOUND UP MANUALLY EXPRESSING MY MILK ALL THREE TIMES BECAUSE ALL I COULD GET WAS ABOUT 3 OUNCES FOR BOTH BREASTS IN 15 MINUTES ... MY HANDS HURT LIKE CRAZY FROM ALL THE SQUEEZING , PLEASE SPEND A LITTLE EXTRA MONEY ON A GOOD PUMP . THIS ONE GETS AN F - IT NEED TO BE BANNED FROM SHELVES .
 Let 's make this short and sweet ... Pump # 1 lasted 7 weeks it just quit on me at 5 : oo am -LRB- where do you get another pump at that time of the morning ??? -RRB- Sent that one back , went out and bought a Advent hand pump , best thing that I 've ever done , About 4 weeks later The First years sent me a check , like an idiot I went out and bought another dual pump . Pump # 2 lasted , you guessed it , 7 weeks . Returned it , they sent me another pump which is still working , I 've had # 3 for about 4 weeks now , this will be the last one . The First Years had the nerve to tell me that '' We have n't had any problems with this product '' ... As for the `` dual '' pump , good luck trying to get both breasts where they need to be so that you can start pumping , not to mention that your breasts do n't pump the same . Not a good idea . So I use mine as a single pump . Also , It 's not a very comfortable pump , it 's loud , and if you try to use it with batteries , do n't be in a hurry because it will take you twice as long to pump . All I can say is that if anyone buys this pump , do n't be suprised if it quits on you .
 After my first portable breast pump died I decided to try this one because I liked the idea of saving time with the double pumping option . I found that not only was the suction not as strong with this model , but it would take at least three hands to use the double pumping option . Perhaps I am simply uncoordinated , but it seems that I was only able to get both to work for a minute or so , before I would make a small move and would have to spend another 5 minutes trying to reposition . Once I was able to get things working properly I found it to be a painful experiance . I DO NOT recommend this for any person who has large breasts or is not a contortionist .
 If only I had read these reviews before spending money on this breast pump ! I would give it 0 stars instead of 1 star if it was possible . The motor is loud and the breast pump feels more like a torture device . My nipples have never been so sore ! I bought this for use with my first baby and had no idea what breast pumps were supposed to feel like . After the pain that this machine caused me , I went and bought a -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- manual pump because I knew it would n't suck my nipples through the bottle ! Do n't waste your money like I did ! I should have done a lot more research before buying this horrible pump .
 I should have listened to the other reviewers of this product . This is the only pump I 've ever purchased so I did n't know what to expect from a pump , but this pump was painful to use . Apparently it does n't have to be this way . Granted it could be my technique , but I was only able to get 21/2 ounces -LRB- both breasts combined -RRB- at a time . After no more than 6 tries , the motor lost power and I could n't get anything . I 'm now using the manual Medela pump that I got from the hospital and while my arms are tired , at least my nipples are n't sore . -LRB- Ironically , the lactation specialist in the hospital says that there are 4 brands of pumps that they tell all their patients not to waste money on , and `` The First Years '' is one of them . I have to say from this pump that I agree -RRB- . I did n't think I 'd be pumping often enough to spend a lot of money on an electric pump , but in retrospect I should have purchased the Medela Pump-In-Style . I will for my second child . I hope I can prevent other moms or soon-to-be-moms from making the same mistake .
 This breast pump is extremely painful to use , and also takes a long time . If you are going to invest in a breast pump , I would stongly urge you to spend the extra $ on a good one .
 I am well endowed , and the design of this pump does not work for me . The bar that connects the two pumps does not allow for the pumps to connect with both breasts properly unless the user is a contortionist . Do not buy if you are large chested !
 I just received the pump and it does n't work . It has no suction at all . I called customer service and they told me to boil it again and it should work .
 Too bad 0 stars is n't an option , and thank goodness I did n't waste my own money on this pump . A friend received it as a gift , then decided to formula feed . She never even took it out of the box , and gave it to me . I thought , great , this will be my `` second '' pump to use at home since I had already purchased the Medela Pump in Style Advanced to use at work . To start , this pump made LOTS of NOISE ! Then , I could n't get one side of the First Years pump to work at all -LRB- no suction , -RRB- and on the side that did have suction , I could n't even achieve let-down after working with it for half an hour . I can achieve let-down with my Medela within 30 seconds , and be finished double-pumping within 15 minutes -LRB- about 4-5 ounces each side -RRB- So , I am still carrying my Pump in Style back and forth from home to work so I 'll have a good pump when I need it . The only use I 've gotten from the First Years pump are the collection bottles and nipple assemblies - they fit on my Medela pump as `` extras . '' By the way , if you do purchase the Medela pump , you will need to purchase bottle collars & nipples separately if you plan to feed directly from the collection bottles .
 We purchased this for a supposedly `` compatible '' gate , and ended up having to drill some extra holes in the metal where there were none . It would not line up correctly in any position , and still leaves awkwardly sized gaps . Granted , after the extra work , it does the job .
 I do not like this gate . We 've had it for several months , and although it 's fairly easy to operate -LRB- if installed correctly , which takes a LOT of time -RRB- , I 'm constantly afraid that the locking mechanism is going to gouge my daughter 's eye ! The locking mechanism , which is right about eye-level for an 18-month to 2-year old , is shaped sort of like a giant bolt -- only instead of a head on the bolt , imagine a washer being there instead . The washer/bolt contraption is what 's on the end of the gate door that fits into the latch on the wall . The gate is at the top of our staircase , and every time my daughter approaches the top step to go around the gate -LRB- either going up or going down -RRB- , I have to cover the locking mechanism with my hand so that it does n't scrape her in the face or the side of the head.I really think that KidCo could have come up with a better solution for the latching/locking mechanism , but what I really ca n't believe is that NONE of the other reviews on this website mentioned this . I ca n't believe that no one else seems concerned about this . We checked the reviews carefully before we made a purchase , and now I see that it does n't really matter what kind of homework you do . Good luck .
 I have a daycare in my home and bought 2 of these gates to cover both stairways . Within 3 months , both were broken beyond repair . The metal is great , but the plastic peices that hold the metal to the wall are WEAK and broke on me TWICE ! Once was when a parent pulled the gate closed - apparently too hard ... the other was when my 20-month-old son tried to pull the gate open . Come on , he 's a baby and exactly who these gates are designed for ! He should n't be able to break it . Luckily he got scared and cried instead of taking a tumble down the stairs . Do n't buy this gate !
 We bought this gate for the top of our stairs . The first thing that we noticed is that the hardware does not allow for any baseboards , so you have to raise it above them for installation . This leaves a gap of about 6 '' at the bottom . The screws that came with it are not good for drywall , so if you are installing it where there is no stud , you have a safety issue . The latch is a great big bolt that slides into a slot . Not only could the bolt injure your child , but it is not a secure lock . There is a piece of plastic that comes over the tip of the bolt holding it in place and you 're supposed to have to push a button to release it . All you really have to do is push that plastic with your finger -LRB- we were stunned when our 12 month old daughter opened it -RRB- and the bolt -LRB- and gate -RRB- is released . We are planning on returning this ASAP and getting a safe gate . If you are concerned about the safety of your child and not just wanting the illusion of safety , buy another gate !!
 THIS GATE IS NOT 301/2 INCHES TALL . It is not even 29 inches . Maybe if you include the mounted mechanisms , it is . We have to raise the gate to mount onto our banisters . When we raised it just high enough to mount , there is enough space for a little one to squeeze through . If you need the height , do n't buy this gate !!!!!!
 I read all the great reviews on this gate before deciding which to purchase . I wanted a sturdy , nice-looking swing gate for the top of our stairs . After about an hour and a half the gate is installed only to find that I do n't like it at all . The gate looks very nice but the latching mechanism is horrible in my opinion . It is very difficult to get open and closed especially when carrying a baby . This one is going back today and I will opt for The First Years Simple and Secure Stair gate . I hope it opens easier !
 I purchased this gate to use at the top of my stairs . Shortly after starting to use it , I became aware of a major problem . The gate has to be lifted up slightly in order to lift the bolt on the gate up and into the latching mechanism . The problem is that if you lift up too much on the gate -LRB- and it does n't take a lot -RRB- , the pins on the gate come right out of the hinges mounted to the wall and you 're left holding onto the detached gate . Last week my 18 month old daughter went to close the gate . She lifted up too hard on the gate , lifted it out of the hinges , and my daughter and the gate fell down the stairs !!!! And this is supposed to be a SAFETY gate ! I am extremely upset about this . Fortunately , my daughter was not hurt , only very scared . But she could have been hurt badly .
 We bought two gates , to see which worked better on installation , and this was the loser by FAR . The instructions were less clear than the other brand , and the installation guide measurements were off ! I had to dig out my drywall anchors and re-drill . The latch is difficult to use , and almost impossible to achieve one-handed . It 's unsafe , as when it swings open , the disc-shaped latch it right at toddler eye-height . I would not recommend this gate to anyone . Look for the one that has a push-turn latch instead . It seems much more secure & is a lot easier to use .
 -5 STARS !!! I CAN NOT WARN YOU ENOUGH ABOUT NOT BUYING THIS GATE !!!!! IT IS ONE OF THE MOST EXPENSIVE GATES ON THE MARKET . THE INSTRUCTIONS MAKE IT DIFFICULT TO INSTALL . THE GATE WILL NOT OPEN AND CLOSE SMOOTHLY - OR EVEN WITH ONE HAND . THE SPRING PIECE ON THE HINGE COMES FLYING OFF PERIODICALLY WHEN YOU TRY TO OPEN IT.ONLY BUY THIS GATE IF YOU WANT TO SPEND FOREVER ON INSTALLATION ONLY TO BE LEFT WITH GAPING HOLES IN YOUR WALL !!!!!!!
 I had to mount this gate against the wall and the banister . The screws included are not for drywall at all . Also , the gate has to be lifted up high so that you can secure it to the top square of the banister . This leaves such a large space under the gate that it does n't make any sense to have it .
 OKAY , FOR STARTERS , I DID LOOK AT THE VARIOUS OTHER REVIEWS AND THOUGHT I WOULD TAKE MY CHANCE . IT SEEMED THE GOOD OUTWEIGHED THE BAD . UNTIL ... I BOUGHT IT AND AM TRYING TO INSTALL IT -LRB- AS WE SPEAK BUT GOT IRRITATED SO AM TAKING A BREAK TO WRITE THIS . -RRB- WHERE TO BEGIN , THE LOCKING MECHANISM SEEMS TO BE FINE IF YOU CAN GET IT TO INSTALL IN THE FIRST PLACE . HOWEVER , THE MANUFACTER ONLY INCLUDES SCREWS FOR WOOD WALLS . WHICH MEAN , IF YOU DONT HAVE WOOD WALLS YOU HAVE TO GO BUY OTHER SCREWS ! I HAVE DRYWALL AND THE SCREWS ARE NOT RELIABLE . SECOND , I BOUGHT THIS GATE WITH THE EXTENSION -LRB- 24 '' , THE ONLY ONE THERE IS -RRB- BECAUSE THE TOP OF MY STAIRS MEASURE 441/2 INCHES . THIS GATE IS SUPPOSED TO FIT THAT WITH THE EXTENSION . IT DOESNT . I HAVE TRIED FOR OVER AN HOUR TO GET IT TO FIT AND IT DOESNT FIT EVEN WITH THE EXTENSION . IT WOULD WITHOUT THE EXTENSION HOWEVER THERE IS ABOUT A 5 INCH GAP FROM THE WALL TO THE BOLTS ON EACH SIDE AND THAT IS WITH THE BOLTS ALL THE WAY UNSCREWED ALSO . NEEDLESS TO SAY IF I WANT THIS GATE TO WORK , I HAVE TO GO TO MY LOCAL HARDWARE STORE AND BUY NEW HARDWARE SO THIS WILL MOUNT SECURLY OR I HAVE TO TAKE IT BACK TO THE STORE AND FIND SOMETHING ELSE . UNLESS I CAN FIGURE OUT A WAY TO MAKE IT FIT HOW IT IS , THIS GATE HAS BEEN A WASTE OF MY TIME AND MY MONEY . THE ONLY REASON I GAVE IT 2 STARS IS BECAUSE IM SURE IT WOULD BE JUST FINE IF I HAD WOOD WALLS AND IT FIT TO WHERE I CAN INSTALL IT . NOW I HAVE HOLES IN MY WALL AND CONFUSSION TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO MAKE IT FIT IF ITS AT ALL POSSIBLE . DOESNT LOOK LIKE IT IS THOUGH .
 My 15 month old was walking around the gate with my mom to go down the stairs and the bolt part of the locking mechanism cut and bruised his forehead . The locking mechanism consists of two bolts that screw into the top and bottom of the gate ... then snap into plastic pieces -LRB- one on top and the other on bottom -RRB- that are fixed to the wall . Shame on this company for manufacturing someting so dangerous . I notified the company and they made me feel as if it were entirely my fault . They are going to refund my money , however , I do n't want to see this happen to anyone else , especially a small child .
 When I first unpacked this item I reviewed the instructions , as usual , to get a sense of what would be involved with the installation . The written instructions were virtually useless , however -- poorly written and not at all coordinated with the visual component of the instructions -LRB- which are placed in another section of the booklet entirely -RRB- . When I began assembling the gate , the first thing that became obvious was that the two over-lapping , iron halves of the gate did not fit together . After trying to attach them in various ways using the included screws it became obvious that the holes drilled in the top of one of the halves were completely out of alignment with the holes drilled on the bottom of the piece and the holes on the other half of the gate . Thus alignment was impossible . Cheaply made and deeply flawed.Also worth noting that the additional product being sold -- the Safeway Wall Mount Top of Stairs Gate for $ 12,95 -- simply consists of a strip of wood and a few screws . If for some reason you do n't already have equivalent stuff sitting in your toolbox you could easily buy this at any hardware store for under $ 5 . I 've emailed the seller , but since I actually bought this item in June and just got around to trying to install it this past weekend I 'm not optimistic they 'll be able to help . And I 'm not sure I 'd want this gate even if they did send me a new gate section with correctly aligned holes . Try something else !
 It took over an hour for my husband to install this gate . As soon as I tried it out , I made him take it back down . It was very difficult to open and close , and since we 're using it at the top of the stairs , it was not acceptable . It can best be described as `` difficult to use , loud , and clunky '' . We purchased the Simple and Secure gate by the First Years the next day , and we LOVE it . It is the complete opposite of the Safeway gate .
 WE NEEDED SAFETY GATES FOR OUR NEW HOME ... MY WIFE PURCHASED 5 OF THESE GATES FROM BABY 'S R US FOR 64.99 ... CONSUMER REPORTS # 1 RATED SAFETY GATE ... A FEW DAYS LATER WE WENT TO IKEA AND FOUND THE SAME EXACT GATE WAS 19.99 ... IKEA CALLS THEM PATRULL FAST ... THE SAME EXACT GATE FOR ONE THIRD THE PRICE ...
 I 'm going to disagree with thsoe below who found this easy to install . I am fairly handy but I found the instructions and engineering absolutely appalling . Do n't know if any other brands are better but if you are a busy parent who does n't need another project , look elserwhere.Once up it works . It 's just a gate . It should . It 's not the space shuttle .
 This gate deserves zero stars . This is a very heavy iron gate , which is good - the problem is that the hinges & other hardware supplied by the mfgr are totally inadequate to attach the gate securely to the wall . I have two in my house -LRB- I live in a three story home -RRB- . The hinges are just plastic and one set broke upon installation . Also , both gates have come out of the wall twice . My sheetrock cracked when I tried to put one of the gates back up . Do yourself a favor , do n't buy it .
 Although this product might work if you had a really small child but with my son it is simply not big enough . It does catch alot of juice and food but so does the floor . It needs to be at least a 3X3 area and this one is just simply not big enough for my son .
 WHY IN THE WORLD DID I SPEND SO MUCH MONEY ON THIS ? THIS STUPID MAT NEEDS TO BE CLEANED UP JUST LIKE THE FLOOR !!! NOT ONLY DO I HAVE TO CLEAN IT , BUT THEN I HAVE TO PICK IT UP , FOLD IT NEATLY AND PUT IT AWAY JUST TO FEED MY KID IN ANOTHER HOUR?I WOULD MUCH RATHER CLEAN MY FLOOR AND WALK AWAY !
 Why spend the money ? Only neccessary if you are feeding over carpet . Vinyl floor wipes well . Go to the dollar store and spen a buck on a large vinyl tablecloth or shower curtain . Chose your color , size , style , etc. and only spend a buck . These are usually much bigger than the splat mats and work just as well . Can match your tablecloth or home decor if you wish . Just eye candy in the store , you really do not need everything they sell . Save the cash for important items .
 The colors are nice and it wipes clean , but it 's just not big enough . Most kids will miss the mat when they toss a spoon or a dish . I can use it later to protect my dining table from crayon marks when she get big enough to sit a color , so there are alternate uses .
 I recently purchased a splat mat for my 11 month old son . I brought it home and realized that it was much too small . Also , the material was very flimsy . Here 's what I did . I returned the mat the very next day . Then I headed over to -LSB- another store -RSB- and purchased a circular vinyl table cloth . It only cost me -LSB- $ -RSB- and it works great ! It covers a larger area to protect my tile against the inevitable spills . It 's heavier so it does n't bunch up when my son 's high chair gets moved around . Finally , I was able to find a pattern that went with the decor in my kitchen .
 I pulled this thing out of the package and just rolled my eyes - it 's half a shower curtain with an ugly design on it ! Save yourself the money . Go buy -LRB- as many others have suggested -RRB- a heavy duty vinyl shower curtain or tablecloth - not only will you save money , but you get to choose something other than the Miami Vice pastels !
 This monitor was terrible ! Even with the volume turned all the way up both on the child receiver and the parent receiver , I still could n't hear my son . Sometimes I would hear him crying from the other room but could n't hear him on the monitor ! Useless ! I liked the light show so we bought the FisherPrice Flutter Bye Crib Attachment , which has a light show , and then traded this monitor in for the Fisher Price 900mhz monitor which has crystal clear reception .
 I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO BE USED AS A BABY MONITOR . I HAVE TRIED TWO OUT AND THEY ARE BOTH WORTHLESS . YOU CAN NOT HEAR YOUR BABY THROUGH IT , WHICH DEFEATS THE PURPOSE.I GAVE IT ONE STAR FOR THE COLORFUL LIGHT SHOW THAT IS CUTE . BUT AS A MONITOR FORGET IT . FISHER PRICE WILL NEED TO REMAKE THIS IN ORDER FOR CUSTOMERS TO WANT IT . THE LIGHTS AND SOUNDS MONITOR IS LESS EXPENSIVE AND OF MUCH BETTER QUALITY .
 I loved this monitor when we first received it for our daughter -LRB- now 2yrs old -RRB- . We actually had the older model first , after about a year the light bulb burnt out - which I thought was pretty reasonable . Since then we have had nothing but problems . I replaced the light bulb and it immediately burnt out , again and again , they kept shorting out . I finally took it back to the store and replaced it with a new one -LRB- this model -RRB- . Thank goodness for babies R us 's good return policy ... since then I have returned this monitor about 4 times , each because the light bulb had burned out and everytime I replaced the bulb it would only last a day or two if that long . I have since thought maybe I was using the wrong bulb and now I ca n't even find a PR 12 light bulb or equivalent . It was quite disappointing , my daughter loved it and had a hard time falling asleep with out the light show , it took her a long time to get along with out it . I give it 4 stars for cuteness and effectiveness , but if you really want the light show to work , better buy something else !
 Absolutely can not hear my baby . My husband even yelled into it from another room and I could not hear him on the monitor . The automatic feature really does not work . The light show is good , but only stays on for a few minutes -LRB- then will not turn back on to crying because the automatic feature , as I mentioned does not work -RRB- . DO N'T BUY THIS !
 Great concept but really bad design/engineering . Sensitivity was n't great -LRB- baby has to really scream to get it to turn on by itself -RRB- and I agree with everyone else that the sound quality sucked - would often hear him crying through the door when the monitor would n't pick up a peep -LRB- even with sensitivity turned way up -RRB- . But that was acceptable with the first one we because of the light show and music . My son absolutely loooves the light show on the ceiling ! But then that quit working after 5 months . Changed the bulb , took it apart - projector just would not turn on any more . So we exchanged it for a replacement -LRB- no problem at Babys R Us -RRB- which the light show again just suddenly quit working . This time only after 1 month . I think we 'll take it back and get a monitor only and some other light/music thing for the crib.Also - the turning on of the music & projector was a pain - have to constantly flip each off/on ; off/on - probably what causes it to quit working . The switch wears out .
 Our son loves the lights and music , but the monitor is not a good product . It has static feedback on both channels at any volume level and the noise activation system does not work unless you stand over it and shout .
 The main reason we liked this monitor was for the light show . This light stopped working when my daughter was 5 weeks old ! And there is tons of static and buzzing . Definitely not worth the money !
 My husband and I bought this monitor because it was the cutest one , and matched our aquarium set that we bought . We really liked the projection and light show . We figured a monitor was a monitor and it did n't matter what type . We were wrong . We tested it out and it was fine in the baby 's bedroom , no noise and it picked up the baby 's noise . However on our end , it was a constant buzz that never went away . So when we were sleeping it was very irritating to have a constant buzzing in your bedroom all night long . I would not purchase this monitor again .
 This monitor is horrible and should be recalled . You can not hear your baby crying and the light show does not come on with moderate noise .
 We never used it as a monitor because the reception was awful . However , the light show and music was great ! Until it stopped at 8 months . I called FP and they are sending a lightbulb replacement as a curtesy , Whoopie ... they only last approx . 15 hours . Not worth taking it apart constantly to replace the bulb .
 We got this monitor for a shower gift and thought it was the best thing with the projection of the fish on the ceiling . After only having it a couple months the projecter died on us . We exchanged it for a new one , now about a year later the same thing happened again . I am very dissapointed in it ! My daughter who is almost a year loved watching the fish swim and now all she can hear is the noise and looks all over for the fish . The monitor also had a big interference problem , whenever the heat kicked on , there would be soo much static and noise I had to turn it all the way down . It was terrible ! I do not recommend this monitor at all to anyone !!!
 This monitor was a gift when my daughter was born and I am so glad that I did not waste my own money on it . The projector quit working after 2 months and the static on the receiver is unbearable . We ca n't set anything next to the receiver or even walk by it without the static getting louder . We are currently looking for a new system .
 This monitor is horrible and a waste of money . We wanted it , despite the fact we had another monitor , because it matched our theme and we had all the Ocean Wonders Items . We have never been able to hear our child over the monitor , regardless of how close the monitor is to him . You can not even hear the music that the monitor plays . The sound activated feature has never worked . We use it , but we have to start it ourselves and use another monitor to hear our baby . Very disappointing !
 I was given this as a gift at my baby shower and I was very happy . This monitor has nice music in where you can control the volume and a cute light show that automatically turns on when the baby crys and puts my child back to sleep . The only thing that I do not like is when my son is crying I do not hear him through the monitor I can hear him from the other room and I know something is wrong with him since the music is playing even with the volume turned to the max on the monitor the baby crys are muffled and can not be heared through the monitor . I ca n't take product back to store since I threw away packaging I should have read other customer reviews first.Not so happy Noemi V.-NYC
 I bought this monitor based on all the information that I read about it . The music and pictures do n't turn on when he cries . We have the volume turned all the way up and the only way you can hear him is if you have the receiver pressed to your ear . We tried everything the instructions said and nothing worked !!! I was really impressed with all of the other Fisher Price Ocean Wonders items that we registered for except for this monitor . I would not recommend this product to anyone !
 This was a gift , so I now have no box . I was excited as I thought the automatic sensor would give my baby viewing pleasure . The sensor dosent even work , not even with me yelling at it . I cant believe FP . Dosent recall this product . It 's horrible if you are looking for this benefit . The light show is pretty cool , but it only stays on for ten minutes .
 I bought this for my 6th child thinking what a great idea , something that will respond to the baby crying and allow me to hear at the same time . What a joke I have only had it for about 5 weeks and the light show died after 3 weeks , it would shine but not turn now the bulb is dead as well . Good old customer support says you must have the monitor in hand in order to troubleshoot the problem . Just what I have time for standing around holding the monitor while juggling an infant and dealing with a 2,4 and 6 year old . Do n't bother with this product Great concept but a huge waste of time and money .
 The light show is cute , but too bright ! not a good idea when you 're trying to get your baby to sleep . But worst of all is the quality of sound you cant hear the baby , all you hear is a buzzing sound . Not worth the money !
 Even though I had read poor reviews of this monitor , I was determined to buy it since it matched my theme . I figured that my experience would be different . Unfortunately , it was n't ! If you love listening to FUZZ , then this is the monitor for you ! It 's actually hard to hear what my baby is doing over the fuzz ! If I could do it all over again , I 'd listen to the reviews & buy one that was proven to work well for my baby !
 I wanted this monitor because of the fact that it said it was sound activated . When my baby cries the music is suppose to start and the light show is supposed to turn on . I put it to the test before I put my baby in the crib . I stood at the location of the crib and made a few noises ... it did n't activate it . I stood closer to it and made some more noises and it still did n't work . I have yet to see this function work on our monitor . I do n't have the other problems as far as not hearing our baby in the monitor . The sounds are not clear , but I can hear her !
 This product looks great on the shelf ... unfortunately , our experience is that the automatic feature does not work , so when our son cries , the projector and sounds never go on . I called Fisher-Price and was sent a new transmitter in a record two days ; however , that automatic feature did n't work properly either . After sending a letter , I received a call from FP 's customer service and they told me that most babies cry within a certain decibel range and that my son must not cry in that range . After two requests , FP did send me a shipping return label , but now I have to return it via insured post , and the cost of shipping and replacement will exceed the amount of the refund voucher . I 'm not sure if we will be returning it or not -- my son does like the sound and light show and I 've had no problems with the reception , even when sitting out on the patio . I just wish Fisher-Price could deliver on the `` automatic '' feature that is the reason I bought this in the first place .
 I ca n't believe how this monitor ever made it to the market . OK . It 's got an interesting idea - but work on the basic stuff first
 I wanted this monitor because it matched our theme and we had all the Ocean Wonders Items . I thought the light show would be cool and soothing . My son is only two weeks old and I just put him in his room three days ago . Two nights in a row I have no idea how long my son cried before I woke up . I can sleep through anything . When I woke up and looked at the monitor it did n't even register that he was SCREAMING.I returned this monitor yesterday and bought the Safety 1st 's Safe Glow 2 Receiver Monitor . It is clear as day and I woke up last night when he started moving instead of after he was screaming .
 I am incredibly disappointed in this monitor . The only good thing about this monitor is the light show . The reception on the receiver is horrible . We ca n't hear our baby unless he 's screaming and even then its hard to hear . Plus all we hear is static . It does n't matter what channel its on or where its positioned in the house , static is the only thing that comes through ! I would not recommend this monitor to anyone .
 I was disappointed to find that this name brand item was such a dud . I COULD NOT HEAR MY BABY , which defeats the purpose of a monitor . I did n't have any bulb or battery problems , as others did . Every time my baby cried , the monitor did not go on , which is one of the features I was seriously looking foward to . The only nice feature is the pretty fish projection and sounds . Since I already threw out the box , I can not return it , so I will use the projector feature . along with purchasing another monitor .
 Nice light show but awful reception !! Ca n't hear baby crying full lungs unless I 'm standing right next to the monitor , which does n't help if you have a noisy house already ! Definitely would NOT buy again , and we are having to contact Fisher Price now hoping to get a replacement monitor sent ... since we already threw away packaging . Yuck .
 I bought this thinking I could tackle 2 things at once -LRB- the light show and a monitor -RRB- . I was wrong . The light show is great but the monitor does not work well . You can barely hear if the baby is making any noise and that is with the transmitter and receiver volumes all the way up . I do not recommend it at all .
 I bought this thinking that I did not really need a powerful monitor for my SMALL apartment . But , even in my SMALL apartment , I could not hear the baby on the monitor . Thank goodness I received an old monitor from a family member . My daughter is too young yet to appreciate the lights on the ceiling . I 'm sure she will like it as she gets older .
 This monitor was terrible ! I could barely hear the baby when the volume was turned all the way up . My 5-year old daughter actually woke me up one night to tell me the baby was crying -LRB- her room is right next door to the baby -RRB- , all I could hear from the monitor was the constant `` buzz '' ! The very next day I returned the monitor and bought the Fisher-Price Private Connection 900 MHz . I love it ! It has crystal clear reception and it even comes with rechargeable batteries !!
 I BOUGHT THIS MONITOR THINKING MY DAUGHTER WOULD LOVE THE LIGHT SHOW AND SHE WAS ACTUALLY SCARED OF IT - EVERYTIME I TURNED IT ON SHE WOULD START CRYING !!! THE STATIC ON THIS MONITOR IS AWFUL !! YOU CAN NOT EVEN HEAR YOUR BABY CRYING !! I HAVE TRIED TO CHANGE THE CHANNEL AND IT JUST GETS WORSE AND MY ROOM IS RIGHT NEXT TO HERS - YOU WOULD THINK I WOULD HAVE ULTRA CLEAR RECEPTION ! NO WONDER THIS MONITOR WAS ON CLEARANCE !!!
 This thing is not well made in our opinion . First the power supply for the reciever went bad.The the projector would start going on and off in the middle of the night waking and scaring our child.In fact Im tossing it in the trash today .
 I am so disapointed in this item . I love the fish projection & music , but the monitor itself is horrible . I hear the baby screaming from his room , but do not hear him through the monitor . No matter what we do the moniter buzzes . I am taking this back !
 We finally decided to buy this monitor after replacing the bulb every week on our `` older '' model -LRB- which I thought was adorable ! -RRB- This new light show totally blows . It looks nothing like what is represented on the box and is completely fuzzy looking ! I wish I could replace the bulb again on our moon and stars monitor but the screws are stripped . Fisher Price really needs to get with the program . Do they assume that people are going to just eat their crappy product because they are too busy to return it , rather than doing the right thing and recalling it ?
 I 've read a few of these reviews and think that Fisher Price must have a quality control issue . Our monitor does NOT work under any circumstances , even after reading the manual and having all the handy people in our family try to make it work . A friend of ours gave us a Sony that works AWESOME ! So I do n't think it 's user error . We should send the unit back but I ca n't be bothered -- our solution is just not to buy anything with the Fisher Price logo in the future . To those of you who bought one of these that works , congratulations , one must have escaped working from the factory : -RRB-
 I was given this monitor as a gift . I think it may have been defective besides the fact that it did n't work very well . First off , it 's supposed to turn itself on when baby makes a noise . Even with me talking at full volume in the room it never turned itself on . Also , the static was horrible . I could kinda hear my son babbling in the background , but if I had been trying to sleep instead of answering emails , then forget it . But the music it has was nice , and the lightshow could be good at night . It did n't attract my son 's attention during the day.So I returned it , and I 'll be buying something with a better rating .
 We bought this monitor for our 51/2 month old almost 2 months ago . She Loved the fish projection !! However , we could never hear her when we were downstairs . We could hear her better down the stairs than we could over the monitor . Then the projection went out . I changed the lightbulb and nothing ! I took it back and am now looking for another monitor with the same concept . Not worth the $ $ at all !!!
 I unlike some other parents do n't have a problem hearing the baby , although I do get the static . My husband also had to fix the monitor to get the light show to work , the following night we had to replace the bulb . We 've been through I believe 3 bulbs and our baby is only 2 weeks old . The ocean sounds do soothe him to sleep and the light show is great too ... when it works .
 I wanted this monitor soo bad & I 'm soo disappointed !! I wanted it b/c it 's has `` Smart Response '' it 's supposed to come on when baby cries . Well the first thing I noticed is on the parents end all u hear is the motor if the light show is going & then if the musics going all u hear is music or worse BOTH !! So when ur baby cries IF THE LIGHT SHOW CAME ON !! That would be all you could hear !! But being we have a small house I could have lived with that ! BUT !! YOU HAVE TO SCREAM TO GET THE LIGHT SHOW/MUSIC TO COME ON EVEN ON SENSITIVE !! I recomend the Evenflo Whisper Connect for a monitor -LRB- i could hear her breath if i turned it up !! -RRB- If you want a light show too Fisher-Price Ocean Wonders Mobile With Remote Control was n't quite as good of a light show but it worked which is the point !!
 This monitor is a great idea , but not worth the money . I ca n't get my light show to work at all . My husband spent half an hour trying to fix it , but you should n't have to fix something that is brand new . UPDATE - He fixed it . The light bulb inside the main unit needed adjusted so it could fully touch the metal part . I still have to check out the clarity .
 I have been wanting to make this post for a long time . I wish I could choose `` zero '' stars . Of the breastmilk bags I have tried over the years -LRB- this is my third baby -RRB- these have to be the worst ever .1 . They do not fit easily on the `` suction cups '' . I tried to get them on there right for what seemed like hours the first night I had them and finally gave up and just pumped into a bottle and poured into the bags for storage . The twist-ties should thread through little premade holes in the bag to hold onto the pump . I wasted two bags as the twist time tore the hole when I tried to tighten it around the hand piece . When I did finally manage to get it on there `` right '' as soon as the bag had any weight in it , it shifted and fell off . Not worth the effort it takes to get it on there `` perfectly '' .2 . They leak . When using for storage you are supposed to roll the top down -LRB- after squeezing the air out -RRB- and secure with the enclosed twist tie . This is easy ... right ? ... . yea , except the twist tie unravels and your roll is loosened the second you let go of it . Therefore if it gets knocked over before it freezes or as you are thawing it your precious milk gets spilled.I was drawn to these because I was tired of washing bottles for pumping and loved the idea of not having to use them anymore . Not only did I have to continue using bottles but several ounces of my milk ended up on the inside of our freezer.I have now switched to another brand which has a double zip-lock top . They are so much more convenient for storage , and since there 's 2 zip locks I know my milk wo n't spill if one fails . The new bags are also thicker and just feel more durable .
 The Lansinoh bags worked better for me . They are designed with a ziplock closure method vs the twist tie Medela method . They store flat and thaw much faster in the refrigerator than the Medela bags . I have also had concerns over the use of unsanitary scissors to open the Medela bags and have experienced leaks . I have been pleased with the Lansinoh bags .
 I really liked the Medela products at first , but I never really liked these bags , mainly because you have to tie them with a folded over twist tie to close them . If you get too much milk in the bag , it will leak when you close it up . Then one of my bags tipped over in the freezer and it leaked , causing a frozen puddle of breast milk in my brand new freezer to clean . Plus , the bag got stuck in the puddle.I have also used the Gerber bags , and I liked those much better .
 definately needs to have a self standing feature for the freezer . i could n't believe the manufacturer actually states in the instructions that you should place the bag in a coffee cup in the fridge or freezer ... ca n't they figure out that their product simply needs this added feature ?
 I did not like these bags for three reasons
 These bags are horrible . I did n't really like the way it closes , it is so easy for the milk to spill out and I ca n't afford for that to happen after pumping for so long . Another thing is that it ca n't stand by itself , does n't have a handle to hold while pouring the milk into the bottle and I hate the way the way the milk has to be emptied from the bag . It just did n't work for me . I prefer first years storage bags because they have zip locks , a handle to hold while pouring and it can stand by itself . Another plus with these bags is that I ziplock the bags right over my pis advanced and pump right into it . You do n't need these medela sucky bags to do that.It makes no sense to cry over spilt milk
 i would give this a 0 star if there 's a choice . i got a medela pis advanced at home and loved it , so i naturally assumed the storage bags would be superior to others . It 's not that hard to use once you do it once , but complex enough to have an instruction sheet for new users . I came home from the hospital with a 2 day old baby , physically exhausted , dead tired , sleepy , and I have to hold up the 2 parts and read the instruction and figure out how to use it !! Before I get into the review , let me walk through the steps it takes to pump/store/use for this product
 I did n't actually purchase these but got I think 25 of them free with my Medela Pump In Style . Love the pump , hated the bags . I 've had a few of them come with holes in them . As we all know breastmilk is liquid gold , so these baggies cost me precious milk . Now I just pump into the provided bottles -- which I mainly use for storage -- then use Gerber freezer bags for freezer storage . The Gerber bags are self-standing and they have a zipper seal , which is so much better than fooling with those stupid twist ties that the Medela bags use . Bottles are much easier to attach to your pump . I hate to say anything bad about Medela , but I would n't recommend spending actual money on these by themselves .
 I registered for and received these Medela bags . After using all 50 , I got a few free Lansinoh bags with my breast pad purchase . Wow !! I will never go back to Medela . The reason I registered for them is because everyone says they are strong and do n't leak . Well this is the only good feature . The Lansinoh bag is strong as well , easy to close -LRB- DOUBLE zip-lock Vs. Medela 's bothersome twisty ties -RRB- , easy to get the air out -LRB- unlike Medela 's -RRB- , and the Lansinoh 's take-up WAY less room in the freezer ! Stacking Medela bags in the freezer is difficult because of their shape ... and thawing will be difficult because I can see I 'll need to watch that the milk does n't spill out the top . With Lansinoh I wo n't have to worry about that . My medela bags have n't split in the freezer ... I 'll give them that . But neither has my Lansinoh bag .
 Why on earth would you want to fuss with twist ties when you can just zip up the Gerber bags ? The Gerber bags also stand up on their own and you can freeze them flat , which optimizes storage space . I 've never had one leak .
 We have had at least half of the bags leak . They were from different packages so it was not just an unlikely pack . I called Medela and they did not seem to care and sent me a replacement pack which contained more leaky bags . The bags do n't leak until you defrost the milk . I would never recommend these bags and personally after reading these reviews I would not even take a chance with them . You work to hard for that breastmilk . And the company 's compensation and consideration is maddening .
 I initially tried these bags because all my other experiences with Medela products were great . However , Medela missed the mark on this one . The twist tie bag closure design is horrible and more expensive compared to other brands.I decided to go with the Gerber storage bags instead and I like them 100 % better . I have never had a problem freezing any milk with the Gerber bags and thawing the milk is easy using the sealed pouch design , we use the coffee maker and the bags hold up well immersed in just the hot water . The Gerber bags are sold everywhere and you get more for your money per bag .
 I think that I 've tried every bag that I have found and have been disappointed with all of them . These were just about the worst !! My daughter was born prematurely and never really got the hang of breastfeeding . I wanted her to recieve all of the benefits of breastmilk so I pumped . I have pumped everday since the day she was born btwn 5 and 8 times a day . I went through ALOT of bags -LRB- I use bottles now -RRB- and these were a pain . They were small , thin , punctured easily , and those twist ties -LRB- although pumping directly into the bag is a great concept -RRB- were just a pain in the butt . I love Medela 's pumps -LRB- I own the Pump in Style Advanced , a seperate manual pump , and used the Lactina hospital pump for 3 months -RRB- , I like their storage bottles , I even like their nipple cream , but these bags need some more work put into them .
 I personally preferred the Lansinoh bags , they seem more sanitary , are easier to write on and close easier . These were n't bad , I just found something better !
 About half the bags that I stored in my freezer cracked and leaked , wasting milk that I had painstakingly collected before I went back to work . I wish I 'd used the Avent cup system or the Gerber or Lansinoh zipper bags from the beginning instead . Also , I tried pumping directly into the bags , but the twist ties were leaky , and it made a mess . Medela makes a lot of good products , but this is n't one of them !!!
 These bags are not only expensive but they are an exercise in frustration . The tearing feature does n't work and you always use scissors which is a pain -LRB- and introduces germs unnecessarily -RRB- . The twist tie method to seal the bags for storage is awkward at best . If you do pump directly into them be careful how you handle all the pump accessories after you pump -LRB- it is quite a balancing act -RRB- because you ca n't set these down anywhere after you pump so you have to balance the bag + shield in one hand and try to put everything else away - If you set down the bag you will spill all your precious milk . I have tried all the bags and would recommend staying away from Gerber -LRB- too thin and get freezer burn -RRB- and the Medela bags . I personally like the Lansinoh bags the best , the double ziplock at the top ensures the milk is airtight .
 These bags leave a lot to be desired . They do n't stand up on their own so you have to set them in a cup when they have milk in them . They do n't lie down flat , so you ca n't freeze them in a nice flat layer to stack in the freezer . The twist-tie top causes the bags to freeze with a lot of folds and ridges at the neck - this made it impossible for me to open a frozen bag to add more milk later on . And I 've never been able to tear open the little tab at the bottom to get the milk out - I have to snip the edge with a scissors , which I 'm sure defeats the purpose of having a nice , sterile inside . All in all , I 'm really disappointed in these bags , and the only positive side to them is I have n't had any burst in the freezer ... yet .
 If you are looking to make a mess , lose milk and get frustrated , these are the bags for you . First , these bags do no stand up on there own and it is very inconveniant to carry a little cup around to help fill the bag . You have to string the twist-tie into each bag by yourself . Also you are supposed to tear the little tab on the bottom of the bag to get the milk out . It 's not that easy . The first time I did it I lost a whole bunch of milk . Your better off untwisting the tie and pouring it from there . The worst thing about the bag is that they have leaked a few times that my caregiver was warming up the milk . This never happened with the other bags on the market . My favorite is lansinoh . Another bag thing about these Medela bags are that they are more expensive than the others . Pass on this and try others .
 The idea behind these bags is great - you can pump straight into the bag and store them . The execution , however , is lousy . Using twisties to seal the bags is cumbersome and annoying.I prefer the Lansinoh bags with the double seal . Even though you ca n't pump straight into them , sealing them is quick and easy .
 I was not impressed with these storage bags . I prefer to use the other brands that offer ziplock type closure . This brand is harder to close , more time consuming and wasteful -LRB- due to spilling -RRB-
 After using both these bags and the Gerber bags , I prefer the zipper-style closure of the Gerber bags . I 've never had a problem with those leaking or ruining my milk . They are also much cheaper as you can generally find them at discount stores -LRB- Target , etc. -RRB- .
 These bags seemed perfect , as I was unable to breastfeed my son and was pumping full-time for him . Sometimes I would have extra milk at the end of the day , so I froze it using these bags and also some Avent freezer bags that I had . Once I stopped breastfeeding , I went to use the frozen milk that was remaining in the freezer -LRB- I had been using it up slowly as I decreased my milk supply , so none of the milk was in there longer than 2 or 3 months -RRB- , and to my dismay 90 % of the milk in the medela bags was complelety sour . The Avent bags , though they did n't fit on my Lactina pump , worked for 100 % of the milk I stored . Do n't waste your money and effort on these bags . You may be sorry .
 I started off with the Medela bags but one day they fell to the side and spilled 13 oz of milk in the little black carrier and into my work bag . Then I moved onto the Gerber ones with zip lock but were not spill-proof either . Then tried the Lansinoh which have a double zip lock system and those can be carried upside down and not a drop is lost . Also cheaper than Medela .
 This is a horrible system ! The picture on the package shows them using some kind of screw top on the top of the bag , but that 's misleading . There is no such thing in the package . The package consists of nothing but the bags and wire twist ties . In order to use the bags , you have to peel open their top seal , which leaves the entire top open and unsealed ! You are then supposed to use the wire ties to close the bag . Well , I do n't think that 's all that great ! Once they have milk in them they are very awkward to handle because the do n't stand up due to the `` convenient '' spout on the bottom . The spout does n't actually tear open either , you have to cut it with scissors , which means , if you 're not fast enough to pull your scissors back , then the milk will run over them . And if you do n't hold them upright , then the milk will start to leak out of the top that 's basically open except for the little wire tie . Bad design ! I 'd never buy those again .
 I bought these thinking it would make my life easier to pump directly into the bag . These bags are nothing but a headache for me . Here 's why :1 . Setting the bag down when attached to the pump is fine if single pumping but nigh impossible to do with only one hand , as is the case in double pumping . I prefer to use bottles for pumping -LRB- because I double pump -RRB- and then transfer the milk to a bag .2 . The twist tie closure is ridiculous . It simply does not make a leak-proof seal and is quite cumbersome to do . I 've had many bags seep milk out . This is probably because I 've been lying them down because they are easier to store and thaw when flat . And who uses twist ties anymore anyway ? Zip locks are the way to go .3 . Getting the milk out of the bag is not as easy as with other bags , either . I 've been unable to tear the intended spot to use the pour spout and even if you use scizzors , you have to tip the bag upside down -LRB- expecting the twist tie to hold -RRB- , so you can tear without spilling and aim for the bottle , another challenge in the presence of gravity . My husband just unties the top and pours it out the top but reports that this is difficult to achieve , too . Especially since the bag is flimsy .4 . Opening the sealed bag to add the milk is a challenge and I had a bag tear wide open across the face of it during this process.Obviously , I dislike this product . I 've gone through a package of them trying to give them a chance but I only come to dislike them more and more . What do I like ? Lansinoh bags . They are ziplock and thick , easy to use , easy to freeze and store flat , easy to thaw . And they are a trusted name in breastfeeding . Medela now has a ziplock top that allows pumping into the bag if you want that feature but I have not tried them myself yet .
 I had some of these that came with my Medela pump and like some other reviewers I thought they would be a good deal since I 've really liked my Medela pump . I really did n't like using them with the twist ties . That did n't make sense to me at all . I tried the First Years that have a zip-loc top and they 've worked better . They sit on their own and do n't need to be set in a cup!I do prefer using bottles to store milk and have found the Mother 's Milk Mate storage bottles to be a great cheap alternative for storage bottles .
 I 've been pumping and freezing for 7 months now and LOVE my Medela pump . But I do n't know what they were thinking when they made these bags . I only pumped directly into them once , but I hated having to hold the cones of the breastpump . It 's a lot easier to hold the bottles while pumping . I got the Gerber bags after seeing reviews months ago & they are sooo much better . I still have about 46 Medela bags to use -LRB- got 2 packs of them -RRB- , but I 've been through at least 100 Gerbers and never had a problem with them . The twist tie system is a pain & will not allow the bags to freeze flat . So if you plan on storing more then a couple of bags , they take up a lot of room in the freezer . For every 1 Medela bag , I can fit two Gerbers . Also , if you store a lot of milk like I do I recommend using an ice cube tray . You can store them vertically & in date order , like a filing system in your freezer . Putting the newest in the back .
 The closure system is not good . I have a hard time trusting my breastmilk to a bag that closes with a twist tie . Just does n't seem like they will keep contaminants out - especially since Medela makes such a big deal about the & quot ; sterile paths & quot ; provided by pumping directly into the bag , and the tear away pour spout . I also had problems with my milk leaking through the twist tie closure . I called Medela and brought this up to customer service rep , who told me I was n't supposed to actually TWIST the tie closed , merely fold the ends over the bag after rolling the bag over the tie . That seemed worse to me.Unfortunately , I bought this 50 pack before I realized how they closed . I have used the Lanisoh bags , and prefer them and their double-zip closure . But , as a frugal , financially strapped mother , I have a hard time just pitching the Medela bags I purchased . So I am using them up by sealing them with a & quot ; Eurosealer & quot ; type bag resealer . This is working very well , but requires purchasing the sealer -LRB- luckily I could borrow mine -RRB- . Once my Medela bags are used up , I will be going back to the Lanisoh bags . Pumping directly to the bag is convenient , but pouring from a bottle takes only a little bit more time , and I feel much better knowing my milk is protected from leaking by a ziploc system instead of a flimsy twist-tie .
 I can not believe that , in this day and age , no one has come up with a better method for pumping and storing breast milk ! As a resident physician , I pumped 3 to 5 times daily for 8 months and was always amazed that this was really the only way . Must the pump be so big , so loud ? Has anyone with BREASTS ever looked at the design of the bulky plastic suction cups , the tubing , the hilarity of the 1960 's design ? I suppose that I must discuss the bags , although anyone who has spent a half-hour pumping only to spill the precious contents during the uncap , transfer , recap , wire-threading , de-airing , or closing phase knows what I 'm talking about . Best of luck to you out there who plan to undertake this noble cause . I hope that somewhere there is a person out there who will come up with a better , more usable design .
 I bought these bags thinking that I would be using them alot but I only found myself using them when I did not have any more bottles left . I did n't really like them because when I pour the milk out , I notice that I do n't get everything out so easily . I keep extra bags in my car , at work or in my bag in case I forget to pack a bottle or I run out and I need something to store my breast milk . But that hardly ever happens because I definately prefer storing milk in the bottles .
 While waiting for these to arrive -LRB- I ordered the replacements because a few free ones came with my Pump in Style Advanced pump -RRB- , I ran out completely and went to my local drug store to buy some bags . I bought the Lansinoh ones and was much more impressed with them.What I do n't like about the CSF bags is the twist tie closure . I worry that I did not close it properly or that it will leak if stored other than upright . When thawing , I have to be really careful so as not to allow warm water to get in the top . I may be a paranoid first time mom , but why take a chance?What is it about the Lansinoh bags that I particularly like ? I love the double zipper closures . Makes it easy to make sure it is sealed properly . I stack these flat in the freezer which takes no space and there is no need for plastic storage systems . You can even stack them -LRB- once frozen -RRB- in a rectangular tupperware and flip through them like a card catalogue to find the earliest date or the volume you want to use -LRB- a snack or a meal -RRB- . Also , when you want to defrost them , the flattened bag is thin , defrosts easily and quickly and you know it wo n't leak out because of the zipper closures.The 50-pack CSF bags are still on my shelf .
 I love my Medela Pump In Style but their breastmilk storage bags are awful . The twist-tie closure is complicated . They also spill milk easily when pouring into a bottle after thawing . I recommend the Lansinoh bags . They have an easy-to-use double zip closure to ensure that the milk will stay fresh and it 's very easy to get the air out of the bag before closing . You can also lay them flat to freeze so they wo n't take up much space in the freezer . They pour great - no spills !
 I tried every type of bag/storage system and this was by far the most complicated . Do n't get me wrong ... The medella pump is awesome . They failed when designing these bags . The idea is that you can just pump into the bags and throw them in the freezer . The problem is that first of all , the twist tie design does n't create all that great of a seal on the pump . Then since the bags do n't have any kind of footing -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- you need to keep them upright like in a cup to try and maipulate them closed . They only hold up to 5-6ozs , which is ok for a few months but soon was n't enough . Do n't even try and lay them flat in the freezer until they are completly frozen solid which by the way is the best way to freeze the milk bags for better organized storing.I fortunately was blessed with an overabundance of milk . I tried every brand of storage bags , breast pads and basically everything related to this topic in order to find the most dependable , easy to use and cost effective products.I strongly urge you to try LANSINOH . These bags stand up on their own , are made from thick plastic , have double ziploc tops and can hold -LRB- they are marked for 6oz -RRB- around 8-9ozs . These bags NEVER leaked unlike all the other brands . They were sold convienently at my local supermarket -LRB- Babiesrus does not carry them -RRB- . I currently have a huge deep freezer in my garage filled to the top with frozen breastmilk . This amount should carry us well over my daughters first birthday , and I can stop pumping now -LRB- 7months -RRB- . I am excited to get my body back to myself and very happy that my daughter can still received nutritious breast milk .
 As a new mom , the work that goes into pumping and storing breastmilk makes the milk comparable to liquid gold . That is why I was incredibly disappointed with the Medela storage bags . I purchase one package . When I first began to use them , I thought how ridiculous it was to secure a liquid in a bag with a twist tie top . This made it difficult to put in the freezer . Then , when I stopped pumping and began to start using my stored supply , I was devastated . All of the hard work that I put into pumpnig and storing this milk for my baby literally when down the drain . The bags all sprung leaks . The plastic that the bags are made of clearly is not durable enough to withhold freezing and thawing.I had also purchased and used the Gerber bags . The were much easier to use . They have a ziplock seal and a sturdier plastic . They can also be used as an insert to the drop in bottles . I am extremely dissappointed with the Medela bags and angry that I wasted so much time pumping milk that is wasted . I had counted on having that stored milk when I returned to work .
 We got these bags with our Medela Pump in Style breastpump , and they 're a nightmare to seal . They come with big twist ties , and you are supposed to roll the bag down several times like the bags you put freshly ground coffee in at the grocery store . All the rolling reduces the amount of milk you can put in each one . Then , when you 're done rolling , you have to fold the twist ties to seal . Then they still leak , or air gets inside them . We had a bunch in the freezer before we realized that they all had big puffs of air in them . The Gerber bags are much better -- they have a ziplock seal and a handing self-standing base.These bags are nice & thick , I 'll give them that , and we did n't worry about double-bagging , BUT we did find out that my milk is not freezer compatible . I 'd never heard of this , but check it out yourself before you invest in a lot of milk-freezing supplies . Apparently some women 's milk has a weird reaction when it 's frozen , and when you thaw it , the milk has a soapy smell & taste . It 's not spoiled , just altered somehow . We read about it in some books and on some Web sites , and they were just like , `` This may happen , but it does n't effect the milk nutritionally so do n't worry about it . '' But my son HATES the taste and cried when we tried to feed it to him . I do n't blame him . My husband and I both tried it and it 's terrible . We had to throw all the frozen milk out , and now we have to freeze milk only in glass or hard plastic containers . No bags at all .
 I had been using the lansinoh milk storage bags and ran out so I tried these bags . I found them very hard to use . The Lansinoh bags have a zip top like the gerber bags yet I have not had a problem with them leaking . I was very dissappointed in these bags since you have to place them in a cup and they are awkward and do n't lay flat when frozen . I have a supply of milk in my freezer and if I could n't lay them flat I would have no room for my other freezer items . I was extremely happy with the lansinoh bags and would reccommend them instead of these .
 As a mom whose son was breastfed but not able to nurse , these bags were the bane of my existence ! They were not easy to use and leaked horribly . Even if they managed to hold together long enough to be put in the freezer or refrigerator , they almost always began leaking while being thawed.I personally LOVED the Lansinoh bags from Target . They 're cheaper and easier to use .
 I had been using the Gerber bags for quite a while when I ran out and decided to try some of the Medela bags that came with my pump.I frequently just could n't seem to get the bags to completely seal - and I had NEVER had this problem with the Gerber bags.I always ended up making a mess when trying to use the ` spout ' at the bottom of the bag.And the worst part - I did n't realize the twist-ties were cutting into the sides of the bags on more than one occasion . I took the bag out of the freezer and into the fridge to thaw and ended up with a shelf full of breastmilk.Maybe these bags work for supermoms , but they did n't work well for busy , sloppy me . Apparently I can handle a ziploc baggie but not a twist tie !
 This bags are absolutelly horrible they do n't close right , I have already spilled milk all over and also if you keep them in the freezer or fridge nothing guarantees you that the milk is going to be sterile since the bag does not close properly and does not use a zipper . I found that Lansinoh breatmilk storage bags are way better they come with a double zipper that seals the bag for extra security , do n't waste your money on these bags .
 The Lasinoh bags have a double ziplock and are cheaper too . Also you can find Lasinoh bags at more stores such as K-Mart , etc. . The twist ties with the Medela bags are a pain and I never used them to pump in anyway .
 While these are easy to use when you are pumping , they tie on the pumps nice and snug , they are not the best for storing . The tie does n't make it leakproof and there can be spillage if they tip before they freeze.A better bag is the Gerber seal and go bag . They fit on the pump but you 'll need to either hold the bag so it does n't slip or use a rubberband to hold it in place . But , the reason it 's better is because it 's a ziplock bag . So , it seals tight and there 's no spilling . The best part about these bags is if you freeze them , you can store them in the freezer lying down so you can have thin bags stacked up , keeping room in your freezer for food for the rest of the family .
 I do not like these bags . The twist tie closure system is cumbersome . The bags are small . The plastic is thin and leaks in the freezer when frozen . The only advantage I can see to these bags is that they are easy to hook to the medella breast pump and pump into directly .
 These bags leaked for me from both the top and the bottom . The fold-down mechanism is very cumbersome especially because the plastic is very stiff . I lost three bags of milk due to leaks . If you have to transport the bags anywhere , like back and forth to work like I do , I would avoid these bags . They just leaked all over the place for me , even after I carefully re-sealed each one exactly according to the package instructions . I would recommend the Lanisoh bags over these .
 Initially I was renting a Medela pump from the hospital and I was attaching the bags to the pupm . -LRB- Although it was confusing at first to figure out HOW to attach the bags w/o the milk spilling after the pumping session . -RRB- But when I purchased another pump -LRB- Evenflo Comfort Select Dual - Awesome pump for a 1/4 of the price of the medela -RRB- closing the bags was a PAIN ! I now use the Lansihoh bags with the double zipper seal .
 I 've used the Gerber , Lansinoh and these CSF bags and I have to say that the CSF are the worst . The twist-tie method really does stink . Lansinoh is much more sturdier , easier to pour milk into and the double ziploc action is great . Plus the thickness of the bags is better . The CSF bags do n't stand up on their own so you need a cup to keep them upright while you fold the bag over the twist ties , ugh . . I ca n't be bothered . And the whole cutting of the bag on the bottom , what a pain . Is n't it easier to just open up a ziploc-type Lansinoh bag and pour it into the bottle ?
 This product is horrible . I bought these bags thinking that pumping directly into the bag would be great . I have experienced sour milk , leaks , and spills and they were not convenient . Use the Lansinoh bags , they are by far the best !
 I agree with the other reviews . You would think they would have made a better bag by now . There are many things wrong with these bags . For me , I need to save 6 ounces at a time for my son -LRB- he 's a big boy -RRB- , and these bags only go up to 5 ounces otherwise they leak . So either I have to overfill the bag or use two bags for one feeding . The twist-tie closure is ridiciulous , and you do have to put the bag in a cup to hold it upright while you 're pouring from a bottle . And of course I end up spilling all over the bag and cup because the bag moves . I do n't even bother to pump right into the bag . Also , they do n't sit upright in the freezer without having to stack a few of them in yet another storage bag . To remove the milk you have to use scissors to cut the pour spout in the bottom - this has not worked for me ONCE without spilling milk all over the place . Really , the whole design is ridiculous so do n't waste your money . Thanks to the reviewers recommending Lansinoh - I 'll try those .
 I 've tried lots of storage bags , and by far the Medela ranks the lowest . These spill , you have to store them upright in the freezer ... and if your freezer is as compact as mine with food to feed five people , storing milk upright is just too hard to do . These bags do NOT have a ziplock seal on them , which means that they are leaky and unreliable if you are in a hurry -LRB- like if you have more than one kid and you work -RRB- . Buy the Gerber or the Lansinoh bags with the zip seals on them . They can both be stored flat for more convenience , and they can stand on their own . Pumping into a bag is fine if you are someone who wants to fumble with attaching it to the pump -LRB- the Medela bags -RRB- , or you can use your Medela pump with your reliable pump kit and pour your milk into a Gerber or Lansinoh storage bag for ease . I use the Medela Lactina Plus , and I find that this method works the best for me . Simple , clean and easy .
 I purchased these bags when I returned to work and began pumping more often . What a waste !! The twist tie design is both clumsy and ineffective . You can never tie them tight enough and spills are frequent . In additon to this , the cost is ridiculous . The Gerber bags with the zip lock design are much more economical and are leak proof . They can be found at most retail stores including Target and Walmart . These bags do not measure up to the Medela name and they should consider a new design . Returning to work and continuing to nurse your baby is hard enough without the hassle of these bags .
 I received several packages of these bags as shower gifts . I 've had them leak while pumping , leak after thawing , and tip over while I was preparing to put them in the freezer . They frequently rip while I am opening the top to attach them to the pump . After I found out that Avent makes an adapter that enables one to use a Medela pump with the VIA system , I switched to the VIA milk storage system .
 I used these bags to store several gallons of milk over the past few months . I had to throw all the milk away because when I used the previously frozen milk to make cereal and tasted it , the milk tasted awful . I felt horrible because I had unknowingly fed this milk to my son several times . I do n't know if the milk tasted bad because the bags do n't seal correctly because of the twist ties , or because the plastic makes it taste bad but something wrong happened . I would n't recommend these bags to anybody . I would recommend tasting frozen milk before feeding it to your baby . I also recommend the Gerber bags because they are cheaper and keep the milk fresher .
 I bought these to store milk before I went back to work . They work fine when I 'm home with all the time in the world . I 've back to work for 4 days and find these bags very time consuming ... opening the bag , threading the twist tie , attaching it to the shield , pumping , deattaching it , and closing it . Pumping can take up to 25 minutes . Not something that can happen 2-3 times a day . And I 'm never sure how much I 've pumped . When the bag is attached to the shield it says 1 thing , but then you seal it up and it says anothers . Today , I 'm going to buy bottle set . They close just as tight and are much easier to use .
 I bough these bags when I bought my pump , and used just a few of them before buying more user friendly bags . I 'm sure they work just fine , but i found it to be a tremendous pain with the twist ties . I like to pump into the bottles and pour them into bags , so that I know exactly how many ounces i 'm pumping . The calibrations on the bags do n't really work well when they 're full . Also , I like to have exactly the same amount in each bag before I freeze them . If i only pump three or four ounces into a bag , it 's really a waste of money . It 's better to pump into a bottle and combine them to make the amount you want , then pour them into bag to freeze . My husband had to unwrap these frozen bags of milk , and he did n't like them either . We like the Lansinoh bags best ... they have a double zipper seal AND they hold a full six ounces . Have n't had any problems with them leaking when they thaw , like we did with the Gerber bags-those leak like crazy . Do n't be afraid to mix and match products ... Medela makes a great pump but these bags are really a dud , and I think they 're very overpriced .
 My sister-in-law swore by Medela bags and they worked for her , however , we looked at them in stores and saw how they were to be used , and decided against them . I think that these and other bags like them are more complicated than they need to be.We have been using Pumpmate storage liners and found them to be much easier and simpler to use . They are shaped like playtex disposable drop-in liners and the starter kit comes with a screw-on adapter to use with your pump so you can pump directly into the liners . -LRB- You can also use it to pump directly into a playtex disposable nurser with a drop-in liner for fresh milk -RRB- It 's as easy as pumping into a collection bottle . You can then seal it , freeze , thaw and feed directly from the same bag ! No pouring involved!The Pumpmate liners are comprably priced to Medela bags and are so much easier and simpler to use !
 I find these bags really hard to use . Sure it 's great you can pump right into them , BUT they do n't stand up on their own and the twist tie closures are REALLY hard to use . I 've used -LRB- and highly recommend -RRB- Lansinoh bags which work really well .
 I started using these bags that came with my Pump in Style pump and HATED THEM . I feel like writing Medula and telling them they need to rethink their design . They expect you to be able to attach the bags to the pump things with a twist tie and then manipulate them without getting milk all over . The instructions actually say to prop them up in a cup or something to prevent from leaking ??? Im sorry but pumping is a chore in itself and there is nothing worse than opening your freezer to LEAKED milk that you painstakingly gathered . Try the Gerber brand bags . . they have a neat zip lock top and you can safely stack them on top of each other in the freezer !!
 I purchased these bags even though the were more expensive then other brands because they claimed to protect the milk better when stored/froze . After months of storing extra pumped milk , I am now beginning to pump less and supplement from the stored supply . I am now finding that these bags are terrible . I estimate that about 25 percent of the bags leak when thawed . I will never buy these bags again .
 I had received these with my pump and although it may be nice to use them I found buying the bottles that fit on the end of the pump much easier and then i could combine the milk and place it in a storage container for the fridge or freezer . Also I am not one to spend money needlessly so instead of buying all of these expensive storage containers I found the Avent Via and just cheap gerber bottles with disks on the top the best and cheapest way to store breastmilk . And it helps if you intend on having a huge supply stored .
 These bags are HORRIBLE . You have to fumble with the top to open the bag -LRB- not sanitary -RRB- then once you pour/pump the milk in , you have to put it in a mug to tie and freeze !! Who has time to wait for it to freeze to remove the mug !?!! Also dealing with the twist tie is a nightmare and it 's impossible to get all the air out.Also , The bags take up too much room in the freezer . I LOVE the bags that can lie flat like Lansinoh -LRB- much easier to pour , freeze , and unthaw as they can lay flat -RRB- . You can buy 25 Lansinoh bags for $ 6 at Target , and they 're much much better qualityI 'm throwing the rest of mine away . They 're totally useless
 Bought back in 2007 and need to install now . Just found that it came with only two pieces and no support for the mattress . I would not call it rail kit -- simply misleading . Just call it rails and note that you need extra support for mattress !
 Speaker stopped working after only one month in one of the monitors , and after 2 months in the other . It also made lots of clicking noises and fuzz when there is no noise . Our son is only 3 months old , and we are already having to replace it .
 I registered for this monitor thinking it would be a great idea . No cords to plug in , so if I wanted to walk around with the monitor , I could hear it , and I could even have it in my pocket and feel it vibrate . But , it never worked right . I would have to fiddle with the volume to keep it from constantly fuzzing . The vibration was cool too , but that broke after about 6 months or so . I guess I just thought we would get what we paid for , but it does n't always work like that . I know I wo n't buy another Fisher Price product again = -LRB-
 I did not purchase this item from Amazon , but I own it and am not happy with it . One the the recievers works fine , but the one with the vibration feature has quit already , I bought this monitor the day after Thanksgiving , and after less than a month , one of the receivers is useless .
 I received this baby monitor at my baby shower and when my husband and I tested it out we were not impressed . The sound is not very sensitive and we get a hissing noise when there are no vocals . We are not sure if we are going to keep it or not . We are not sure why it is so faint , the distance in our apartment is not very far at all , about 75 feet from our room to the nursery .
 I 've noticed the other review that says the reception is crystal clear and the vibration setting is great . I have no idea why , but it does n't work for me . I 've tried both channels and both have a loud static all the time . The vibration setting does not work at all . I wish it did work ! But maybe it 's something about my home -LRB- home wifi network or cordless telephones ? -RRB- I do n't know . But please do n't assume it will work for you , apparently it works for some people but not for others .
 This monitor has been nothing but a problem from the day I brought the first set home . I 'm now on my third set and my baby 's only been in his own room for four months now . Both receivers in the first set made a constant , loud buzzing sound that started the second week of use . I tried both channels to no avail . I exchanged it for the second set . It worked okay for about six weeks . One of the receivers on this set started making a loud sound like an alarm clock that came on and off intermittenly no matter what channel it was on . I exchanged that for the third set . I had that one about two days before one of the receivers stopped working totally . Changing batteries did nothing . I 'm now working with a hodge-podge of an old set a friend gave me with one receiver and the lone working receiver from the Fisher Price set . I refuse to exchange it again . Do n't buy this model if you want peace of mind .
 These monitors are not worth the money !!! I purchased these locally and have extremely disappointed . The vibrate feature is worthless along with the `` belt clip '' and so called long range . You ca n't turn the volume up all the way without being deafened by the static . We continually battle the clicking , buzzing , and neighbors ' conversations coming from well over 300 yards away !!! This is one of many disappointing products we have purchased from Fisher Price . I recommend doing some further research before purchasing these monitors
 I received this monitor as a gift for my second baby . I have a Graco dual receiver monitor that I use for my older toddler . I have had no problems with it . The second vibrating receiver for this Fisher Price model stopped working after about 2 months . So now only one receiver works , and I 'm stuck dragging the receiver upstairs and down several times a day . There is also alot of static on the receiver if there is anyone standing nearby . I have to be very careful where I place it at night , or we just hear static all night .
 This monitor is TERRIBLE !!! All we hear is static . We hate this monitor so much that we are going to buy a different monitor .
 We just purchased this monitor and thought it would be great since it has a long range to it - especially since we have a large home . It 's horrible ! We have the receiver in our room and the monitor portion in the baby 's room and we hear constant static on the receiver . When the baby does make noise , yes the monitor picks it up but the static is unbearable to listen too . Our bedroom and the baby room are not very far apart and no matter what channle -LRB- A or B -RRB- and what volumn level the receiver is at , we still here a contact static noise . I used to have a cheap 15.00 monitor that worked perfect . . I think I 'll try to buy a cheaper model and see if we have better luck .
 I have used a fisher price monitor for years and it was o.k. . We needed another monitor for second child and purchased this one during a vacation . It was awful . We could not get clear reception no matter where we put it . I took the monitor home after vacation and it still did n't work well in our home . Yes , we could hear the baby but the static was unbearable to listen to .
 I think the antena is too small or something because there is so much static . I am going to buy a new monitor because this one is horrible
 I 'm sending this product back today !!! I thought the Recaro booster seat would be light weight and trendy . This seat was so heavy I could hardly get it out of the box .
 I like the product , but I received a navy one , not black that I wanted as well as the stroller was beat up and dirty and did not include all the bars . Would buy the product again , just would be weary from who and would defiantly not buy a used one .
 This is small , easy , an overall a great product . However , it is so lightweight that the slightest imbalance will tip it -LRB- this has not happened while the carrier was in place - only prior to me snapping it in -RRB- .
 The product itself is great . Folds easy and weights very little . We bought this for our twins to go along with Chicco keyfit 30 seats . Even though the box clearly states that this stroller is made for those seats , it really is not . You can make it work but not very easily !!
 KeyFit 30s do n't fit on this stroller . That 's too bad because the stroller seems great otherwise , and the KeyFits are wonderful . There 's a YouTube video from 2009 showing them fit the stroller . But they do n't fit for me in 2011 with all new purchases.Each car seat fits individually . But when I try them at the same time , one of them is pushed out of place . If the seat does n't sit securely , the little webbing strap is being asked to do more than it was designed for.FYI , the Snap in Snap N Go is for when the stroller frame is extended . It clicks -LRB- snaps -RRB- when the bar locks in place . There 's no snapping in of KeyFits at all . They just rest on cross bars , and little webbing straps are supposed to hold car seats and babies on the stroller . Yikes!Next stop
 This stroller DOES NOT work with the Chicco Keyfit or Keyfit 30 , even though it expressly states so in the advertising . Even when using the belts as some reviewers and YouTube'ers have said , it is terribly un-safe .
 We bought this stroller to use with our Chicco Keyfit 30 carseats . The seats do not snap onto the stroller or fit on any of the bars securely . They rest on top of the bars and then you have to use a seat belt to strap the seat to the stroller . The seat belt does n't cross the seat under the clips and just does n't feel safe .
 I was very excited to get the snap n go and was looking forward to using it . I opened the box , put it together -LRB- which was quick and easy -RRB- and felt good about preparing for my twins early.Unfortunately once I got my car seats , I noticed that my stroller is not made properly and is lacking hole `` E '' which is the hole I need to accommodate my graco seats ! I was even willing to get someone to drill in a hole where I needed it , but the bar was not even long enough to accommodate hole E , so it was n't even the proper length!When I contacted the company they basically blew me off and did not even offer any form of help or retribution ! I 'm totally disgusted!I looked them up on the Better Business Bureau and guess what , they have an F rating -LRB- out of A , B , C , D , F -RRB- and most of the complaints were for faulty products ! So , I think the bottom line is if it works it 's great , but inspect your product carefully ! If there is a problem , do n't expect them to help you in any way !
 Purchased this in May of 2011 for our newborn twins . Overall , I 'm very unhappy with this purchase , but I do feel we got what we paid for.Pros
 As a mom of twins i thought this would be the perfect solution for the beginning . And i used this thing for way too long . It is IMPOSSIBLE to steer and you will find yourself straining and backing up a million times just to make a turn . Id say its pretty handy for 2 months max . But you might as well spend $ 50 more and buy a Graco Duoglider which accepts two carseats as well , steers great , and will last you because its also a real stroller!This double stroller frame is too expensive for what it is -LRB- or isnt -RRB- .
 This absolutely does not fit the Chico Keyfit 30 car seats . These car seats do n't snap into the frame . Do n't waste your time purchasing ! We had to return .
 This seems like a good stroller for twins and may work quite well with some infant seats but it did not seem safe with the Chicco Keyfit 30 seats I already had . The Chicco was listed as one of the compatible seats for this stroller but it just sat on top of the stroller -- the only thing holding the seat in place was a rather flimsy , adjustable belt . I was able to adjust the belt somewhat and got the seat not to move side to side but with nothing to snap into , it tilted up and down quite a bit . I think the idea is supposed to be that it 's heavy enough with a baby in it not to move but it seemed to me if I accidentally hit the front of the stroller against something , the car seat could potentially lift up and that just did n't seem very safe . I can see how a seat with a notch in the bottom would be secure on the bar that 's supplied with the stroller but since the Chicco is rounded on the bottom with no notch , I 'm not sure why it 's listed as a compatible seat . The stroller itself was very light and folded up very compactly and really seemed ideal to use until the babies no longer fit in their car seats , but it just did n't seem to be safe for use with my car seats .
 I thought this stroller would be great for my twin daughters . I figured it would be great to easily take them from car seat to stroller , when needed . I love the bucket style carriers , but this stroller base is a pain . The worst part so far has been the wheels . While building it , I had to call and replace a faulty one . Since using it , the wheels near the handle have gotten severely wobbly . I had to call after a few weeks of use to get them replaced as well . Basically , I 've replaced 3 of the 4 wheels in a month of use -LRB- and before use -RRB- . Also , when I fold it , the wheels swivel and make it impossible to lock at times . While folding and unfolding , the canvas straps get caught constantly , so it is n't quick and easy to fold and unfold . Pushing this bulky stroller is a major chore . Beyond the difficulty in turning such a long stroller -LRB- which comes with the twin territory -RRB- , it 's heavy and the wheels seem overly taxed . My jogging stroller is a thousand times easier to push . I wish there were another , possibly more expensive but better built double carrier snapping stroller on the market , and I 'd buy it in a second .
 Just an FYI -- The new model number of the Baby Trend Double Snap n Go does NOT work with the Chicco KeyFit 30 carseats . My husband and I did the research for our upcoming twins and everything said the stroller was compatible with the carseats we went with . Thankfully prior to their arrival we decided to figure out how all the ` stuff ' we have works . Chicco KeyFit 30 + Baby Trend Double Snap n Go -LRB- 2012 -RRB- DO NOT work together!We have tried to contact BabyTrend regarding this problem but have not received a reply.Long story short -- it 's a hassle due to the misleading compatibility information ! : -LRB- For those whom purchased carseats that do work I hope this stroller is everything we were hoping it would be for the early months of your twins . ; -RRB- We are hoping to be able to return the stroller somehow but -- since we researched prior to the purchase we have discarded the box and shipping information .
 PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT . BABY TREND IS A MISERABLE COMPANY TO DEAL WITH.My wife and I purchased this stroller from Amazon.com within the last three months . It pulls to the left when you are pushing it . Not a horrible thing , but still defective . What is horrible is the customer service that we have received from Baby Trend . First do n't even try calling them , because every time you call you will be put on hold for 10 minutes and then told by a recorded message that they are experiencing higher then normal call volume and you 're hung up on . Second , if after three days of trying like we did and you get through , they 'll basically tell you sorry nothing we can do . PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT . BABY TREND IS A MISERABLE COMPANY TO DEAL WITH .
 This stroller frame may be fine for many infant seats , but it does not work properly with Chicco seats , as it states in the description . It claims to be compatible but it really is not . The seats do not sit down securely and are very unstable . Also , even getting them in the stroller is quite an ordeal and requires careful maneuvering AND they have to overlap a little . The only way the Chicco seats will fit in is without the sanp feature , and sitting very low in the frame . This renders the basket unusable when used with Chicco seats . I did try a Chicco seat at a store with the single snap and go frame and it fit ok , even without the snap feature . I expected the double to work the same way , but it does not . It is much more unstable and does not even have a bar at the back for the front of the seat to rest on . It can pitch forward very easily , even with the `` safety strap '' which is not a substitute for a stable way to attach the car seat to the frame . They really should not claim that this product is compatible with Chicco seats , because it really is not . I will be returning it , but unfortunately , do n't know quite what else to buy , as without buying new car seats and there does n't seem to be another product out there that fits the bill . Too bad , I really wanted this to work . It 's a great price and a product that would work really well , just not with these seats .
 This is horrible stroller . It is very hard to fit two car seat . I tried with 2 diferent car seats and was not working properly with either . I 'm so concerned with keeping my kids in this stroller . Make me nervous because its rails are so thin and it seems it will fall down . Yesterday is the first time i took my twins with this . We were only able to put one in this and other one we are carrying in hand.A waste of money ... Even after car seats seems upside down .
 If you have the Graco Snugride car seats , do not buy this product . The instructions for customizing for your car seat are terrible - would it kill them to include some pictures so that you could see what they are suggesting ? After setting the stroller up the way it is suggested for the Graco Snugride seats , the seats are not level , and they wobble terribly , you 'd never want your precious babies riding around in this contraption . I also tried several other set-ups , and none seem secure enough . In addition , the customer service people are not very helpful .
 I have read all the reviews and purchased it on 07/07/2010 . It arrived on 07/09/2010 . I have purchased new Graco Snugride 32 also on 07/08/2010 . Just now I have assembled and modified the bars on the storller to fit for Graco . Great all looks wonderful . Here is the catch ... after placing both the infant car seats on the stroller frame , I have noticied that front car seat rests on the rear car seat.I purchased this stroller frame with a useful life of 9-12 months not 3-4 months.This will reduce the useful/shelf live of less than 3 to 4 months . After 4 months , baby sitting in the rear seat will be hitting the front infant seat back . May have grearter chances of his feet get stuck in there also . I am wondering how other parents who rated this product are using even after 4 months . I am in delima to return or take chances to see what is the actual usage ?
 ... what they do n't tell you is this . Graco SafeSeats are compatible with this stroller , which are supposed to last around a year or up to 30 inches . But , once your baby reaches 23 inches or so , her feet will be completely smooshed up against the seat in front -LRB- the seats overlap , and there is no room for feet under the overlap -RRB- . My daughters are only 3.5 months old , and already I need to buy a new stroller , since the daughter in the rear ca n't be strapped in anymore or her feet will be pinched between the seats.So , while I love this stroller for its ease of use , its exceptional maneuverability , its light weight , and the fact it 's the only double stroller that fits into my Prius , that it 's only good for twins up to 23 possibly 24 inches is a major design flaw . If it were only a little longer , I would give it 5 stars.Yes , I could have bought the smaller Snugride seats , but my babies would probably be outgrowing those around now as well so the same problem would exist . If it says it 's compatible with Safeseats , it should allow room for feet in the overlap ! & certainly last longer than 3.5 months .
 I was given a double snap-n-go stroller as a baby gift from a relative . After two uses , the stroller broke and will no longer fold down . Not only was I stranded in a parking lot when the stroller broke , but I have been unable to use the stroller -- and thus , unable to leave the house with my newborn twins - for TEN WEEKS while I have gone back and forth with Baby Trend 's customer service department.The Baby Trend customer service department has had me disassemble the stroller three times ... take and email two pictures of the broken stroller ... I have had 3 + phone conversations with 4 different customer service reps ... I 've waited a total of ten business days for two different boxes that were sent to me -- NEITHER of which was large enough for the stroller . All the while , I am a mother of four children under 4 years of age . They have been completely unreasonable in what they 've asked me to do ... the latest request is to wrap the stroller in a black garbage bag to send it back to them ... something that FedEx highly discourages -LRB- and says there will likely be damage to the stroller -RRB- . I have literally missed out on many family experiences due to this broken stroller and Baby Trend 's refusal to remedy this issue . We can not take out twins out of the house without a double stroller - and unfortunately , we made the mistake of getting a Baby Trend product.Do not make the mistake of buying this product . The only thing worse than the quality of the product is the level of customer service you will get from Baby Trend .
 This stroller does not function as advertised with Chicco Key Fit car seats . The seats do not snap into the stroller they just rest on the frame . There are two straps that are suppose to secure the seats to the stroller however they are barely long enough to fit over the car seat and still allow it to slide around . The stroller may work great with other car seats however it is simply unsafe to be used with the Chicco seats .
 Putting together the stroller is easy although I do not like the straps you have to use to securely hold in the car seat . My husband had everything put together within a span of 20 minutes . You may need a Phillips head screwdriver and needle nose pliers if you have to change the bar spacing like we did . Once everything was put together we put in the car seats and the car seat , closest to the parent , almost sits on top of the back seat . It was n't worth keeping for just a few months worth of use so we decided to send it back . Now our only problem is trying to remove the front wheels to make everything fit back inside the original box . The return process was super easy and UPS is set to pick up the package and bring the address label . Do not purchase this stroller frame if you own the Graco Snugride 35 car seats .
 The third time I went to latch this gate in to place it busted in two . I was very disappointed and should really send it back .
 We have a four year old , two year old and a newborn , and have purchased several of these Evenflo gates over the last 4 years . With the arrival of our third child I ordered a new Evenflo gate . What a disappointment in comparison to the other `` identical '' Evenflo gates we already own . The quality has really gone down hill ; cheaper components from top to bottom -LRB- wire mesh , the thickness of the frame , and the way the cross bar is attached to the upright bars -RRB- . Within 2 minutes of being out of the box I was shaking my head and putting it back in the box to be returned . If the quality had been the same as earlier versions I would have given the product 4 stars , as it really did what it was designed to do and the price was right . This is my first review of any product on Amazon , and I 've purchased hundreds of items since the site opened . Evenflo should really be ashamed of the way they lessened the quality of this specific product . The first thought that came to my mind is they outsourced to the lowest cost bidder - and it shows .
 This gate brings me horrible memories . I bought one from Walmart once our son , then about 22 mos . old , started climbing out of his crib . I wanted a taller gate , to keep him safe from roaming the house at night or during naps . His room was completely baby proofed . Not even a small toy around . We were doing everything right , except Evenflo & other manufacturers of this gate , got it wrong.Our son was naturally ` upset ' and having adjustments to his new toddler bed , so it was n't uncommon for him to cry for 5-10 min . As any parent does , you peek around the corner to check on them , as if they see you , the clock starts all over again . So on this particular day , he was doing what he normally did -LRB- voice his opinion about a nap -RRB- , and I was in the next room . But after 5-10 more min . of continued carrying on , when I checked him again , MY HEART JUST SANK . There he sat , on the floor , crying -LRB- and looking like he wanted to fall asleep -RRB- but yet his HAND was STUCK THRU ONE OF THE SQUARES . You 'd think , what 's the big deal , and why could n't he pull his hand back out again . Well , look at this gate again . See the left side , where the gates overlap ? Depending on the setting -LRB- and probably all of them -RRB- , this creates a much smaller square opening . He got his little hand thru one of those and got it stuck . My first impulse was to release my child 's hand of course , if you release the gate latch , the gate will only slide further left , crushing his wrist even more . I had to physically pull the wood apart to release his hand.What are they thinking ? Even a dog paw could get stuck in this gate . I did contact Evenflo & Amazon & I 've told my story before , but it never went anywhere . That 's why I am reposting again today.The BEST gates that we have are the Safety First -LRB- except the older version eventually cracks on the handle part from pushing down to lock it -RRB- and we do have one fabric type netted gate by Evenflo -LRB- that we love/it 's the large gate , we keep it up all the time blocking our toddler from the kitchen -- he gets into the freezer -- and our older kids can climb over this gate with ease as it 's a bar on top and bottom -RRB- .
 Our 22 mo. old threw his blanket over the gate and tried to retrieve the blanket and got his hand stuck in between the squares , and I mean PAINFULLY stuck . Thank God I was able to gently get his hand back out . I later had my husband hold 2 fingers in the square -LRB- 3/4 the size of the regular squares -RRB- where our son had his hand and I then attempted to unlock the gate and just the motion of unlocking the gate COULD HAVE created the space smaller , pinching into our son 's wrist even more . THERE ARE NO WARNINGS ON THIS GATE ABOUT SMALL CHILDREN GETTING THEIR HANDS OR FEET STUCK . It is common sense though and one would think that a child would be able to bring their hand back out . But because he got it between the end where the gates overlap , the area was smaller . I see the far edges are smaller too . I would n't even trust this gate for an animal . I will be calling the company the next business day .
 Do NOT buy this product . It 's flimsy and does n't work . There are set notches , you ca n't just adjust it to whatever size you need . While all our hallways and doors are standard sizes , this fits in none of them . The rubber ends are n't even , so you ca n't get it to hold firmly at all . When the top one is tight , the bottom one is too loose and there 's nothing you can do to adjust that . My girls got the gate down in a matter of seconds and they 're not even walking yet . I had it in as tight as I could get it . Another time , I had tightened it and it came down and scraped my ankle when all I did was walk past . Imagine having a baby or toddler pulling up on it . What kind of harm can it do them ? NEVER use this product . Ours is going back asap .
 My 8 month old was strong enough to pull this down , even when I had it adjusted so tight the center beam was bowing . It does n't have a way to adjust or tighten the gate after setting it between walls or in a doorway , so you have to guess at the adjustment and then try to shove it in place . Not fun.The wood is also pretty light and flimsy , and I do n't trust it .
 Gate was shipped in original manufacturer box which does not have any additional packing material . Box arrived damaged and gate was slightly warped . Gate itself is cumbersome to setup and to use . Gate is too tall for most people to climb over , so it is not good for high traffic area . It is , at best , only for an area where you would set it up and not take it down regularly . Ended up buying another metal gate that has a swinging door - 2.5 times the cost but much happier with that one .
 Do not buy this gate unless you want an inferior product . I could not have been more underwhelmed by a product . In fact , this gate is potentially dangerous and should be taken off the market . It does not work .
 We could never find the heartbeat . It is a big disapointment .
 this item is not at all what it is cracked up to be . i bought this item in my 5th month and tried to use it and i could not hear a thing , so i thought well maybe i am using it too early ... i waited and decided to try again later . i am now in my 9th month and still can not hear anything . the only sound you are able to hear is your stomach digesting food and if the baby moves you can hear it hit the walls of your uterus . well who wants to hear the baby move . you can feel that . please take my advice ... do not do not do not spend your money on this product ... it doesnt work . thank you
 My husband and I are awaiting the birth of our first baby . I am so excited and anxious which makes me a sucker for products like this . I bought the listener at 5 months . The only noises you can hear are stomach noises and that 's only when there is no static . I am now 8 months and have still failed to hear the heartbeat . I ca n't tell you the countless nights I have laid in bed listening and trying to hear the heartbeat . The microphone and cd are nice . I have used those . But overall , the set is a big waste of money . I was very disappointed .
 I wasted a lot of time trying to find my baby 's heartbeat with this useless piece of equipment . And it would have caused a lot of worry if my baby was not moving while I was trying to listen . It was a real let down .
 We were so excited to buy this only to find out you ca n't hear anything except amplified noise in the room and my pulse . I am 8 months now and this product only made me worry from the minute I tried it when I did not hear either twin 's heartbeat at 5 months ! I still ca n't hear anything with it . Even my doctor & nurses say it 's a waste of money . A big disappointment / the only thing I used it for is to play music for the babies which I can do with a CD player , headphones & my own classical CD 's . If there was a ` no star ' rating , this product would take the cake . Save your money & buy something else that will benefit your baby in the long run .
 I bought this item and tried to hear my baby 's heart beat but the only thing i got was a little thump , which if you read the manual it says that a kick sounds like a thump , well no it was n't my baby kicking ; it 's the sound of your finger holding down the activate button -LRB- incase your wondering , even in a quiet room it picks up any little noise that happens outside your window etc. . . -RRB- . I put it over my heart and it did detect it then i put it on my thigh and GUESS WHAT I HEARD ?? THUMP THUMP , unless my baby 's kicks echos throughout my whole body than i would 've kept this product and treasured it , but in my opinion -LRB- take it if you want thats whay it 's an opinion -RRB- I would buy something else that 'll come to more use for you or your unborn baby or other children you might have .
 I wish I had seen these reviews before I bought it . Please heed the reviews , and do not buy . Positively worthless .
 We were so excited when we found this item , but we were sadly disappointed . We thought it would be great-but now I am 8 and a half months pregnant and we can not hear anything-NOT EVEN OUR OWN HEARTBEATS . Do not waste your time or money on this item .
 My husband and I are very disappointed with this product . We can not hear the baby 's heartbeat at 33 weeks , we can only hear my heartbeat . We bought this product to do what it is advertised to do , and it does n't . We sometimes use the music and headphones , hopefully my baby enjoys that aspect of it .
 I am a first time mom-to-be , I thought this would be a wonderful thing to have . I was wrong , I have not heard anything but my food digesting or my stomach growling ! This is a complete waste of money ! I put the monitor on my husband and my dogs and I heard the same noises I hear in my own tummy ! Do not buy it !
 Man , if you love fetuses as much as I do ... then you 're probably going to like this product ... a lot . Love would be a more appropriate word . As in , ' I love this product ' .
 After trying to conceive for over 2 years , this was given to my husband and I as a gift . Anxious we starting listening for the baby heart beat as soon as the doctor could hear it with the doppler . I am now 37 weeks pregnant and no heartbeat , can not even hear our own heartbeat , our dogs or cat . This is a complete waste of money ; I hate that my friends spent their money on it ! I contacted the company and they said that you should be able to hear the baby 's heart beat at 5 months . I told her that I am 37 weeks and still not hearing anything . The representative , Millie , did not seem to care or offer any suggestions . This type of product is offering false hopes , false advertising and the company should take it off the market !!!
 A real disappointment . We got our hopes up and tried for months to hear the heartbeat . Now 29 weeks , still nothing but horrible static and every creak of the movements of the cords and my hands ! impossible to avoid ! If im lucky , the only thing heard over the static is my digestive system . woo hoo ! anyways , this thing picks up conversations of people in the next room as well as any TV or music playing in the house . Such a let down ! and we 're mad that we wasted our money .
 I am 34 weeks pregnant and have only heard his heartbeat three times with it . It amplifies every movement of the cord and the clicking on/off button is very loud . I do like that my son reacts to it and kicks wherever I place the amplifier piece so that has been the only benefit . If I have n't felt the baby move in a while I will use this and sure enough he will kick it and I know he is alright . Unfortunetly that is not the only thing I wanted it for - I really wanted to hear the heartbeat . My midwife says not to use it very much because the babies do n't like the feedback it produces . Do n't order it expecting great results .
 I am now 33 weeks pregnant and have never been able to hear my baby 's heartbeat with this device . My husband and I have both read the directions thoroughly and neither of us has had any luck . We try it all the time , so it can not be that the baby is in a bad position . The only thing we can hear is my own stomach growling . I agree with the other reviews to just buy a cheap stethoscope .
 We ca n't hear anything with this monitor - not even our own hearts with the receiver right over our chests ! My mother-in-law , who 's a nurse , said that at this point in my pregnancy a cheap stethoscope would work better . We 're disappointed that we spent the money on something that we had been excited to try .
 I thought this would be a great purchase , but found that I am unable to hear the heartbeat . I hear all the other noises in the room but not the baby , wish I did n't waste my money .
 I received this as a shower gift and was really anxious to use it . At 8 months pregnant I couldnt hear a thing . I moved the microphone everywhere on my belly and nothing . It does however pick up every sound in the neighborhood . Do n't even think of buying this piece of junk !
 When I first saw the Bebe Sounds prenatal listener , I knew that I had to have it ! The idea of being able to listen to my little one 's heartbeat at home was thrilling . Every month , I had loved going to my prenatal appointments just so I could hear her . Unfortunately , I tried time and again with this device and was unsuccessful in ever really knowing what I was hearing . I tried from week 20 until 34 weeks when I just gave up . Although I followed all of the directions , this product only helped me hear one thing - my husband complaining about all the money I wasted !!! Please do n't make the same mistake . If you want to hear a heartbeat , rent a doppler like your health care provider has . Check the classified ads in mom/baby fitness magazines . I wish I had .
 I purchased this in my 5th month of pregnancy and I am now in my 8th month . The only thing that I have heard with it is my own heartbeat and the sounds of my own stomach growling . When I visit the doctor , my baby 's heartbeat is very strong and loud but I have not been able to get ANYTHING with this . In my opinion , it is a waste of money and time .
 We were anxious and wanted to hear our baby 's heatbeat at home , but were shy at spending the money to buy the more expensive dopplers so we got this . PLEASE check out Baby Beats.com - for as little as $ 20 you can rent a doppler just like the one they use at the Dr.s office !!! This one is very poor sound quality , and we were frustrated very quickly . By 28 weeks you may be able to hear the baby 's heartbeat just by puttin ' your ear to the belly , but before then just get a doppler !!
 WARNING - YOU CA N'T EASILY RETURN THIS PRODUCT IF IT DOESNT WORK.I bought this at ~ 20 weeks because I was getting concerned when I could n't feel her move . I am now 30 weeks , and I still ca n't hear a heartbeat with it . What a piece of junk . There is absolutely no sound insulation on the monitor itself , so the pressure of your finger as you hold down the button makes more noise than anything inside you does . The only thing I was ever able to hear was stomach sounds when I had indigestion . I tried for over an hour the other day , being very careful not to let the monitor or cord touch anything and still could n't hear a thing . Then I tried listening to my own heartbeat . It was barely louder/clearer then when I lay my ear on my husbands chest .
 I also purchased the Bebe Prenatal listener from another store . I just returned it today . I tried it everynight as detailed in the users manual and only heard faint wooshing and my digestive noise . Never heard anything as described in the manual ... kicks , hiccups or the heartbeat . My husband was always worried that I could not hear the heartbeat and I had to calm him saying `` the manual says it may take awhile to hear it or that we would not hear the heart beat everyday '' ... . Well that got old , my baby moves all the time and at some point , the heart should have been in a favorable position for me to hear it . The manual stresses to read the directions closely and do n't get discouraged ... 2 months of trying at 6 + months was enough . It only took one month to get pregnant , and that should be the effort , not trying to hear on this device . I 'm buying a stethoscope tomorrow from a medical supply store as I 've already missed out on 2 months of hearing the heartbeat at home .
 As many others have stated , this product is NOT worth a penny . It 's a waste of plastic unless you 're interested in hearing the quietest sounds around you rather than baby.I 've heard people say that it might depend on the weight of mom , but I can tell you , that is not true at all . I 'm a thin woman , and not once did I hear baby 's heartbeat , and I tried EVERY DAY , until my last month when I finally gave up . Baby was moving so much that I did n't need to hear the heartbeat to know everything was ok.Save your money on something more useful . And if you 're that concerned about hearing baby 's heartbeat , try renting a doppler from a hospital or typing something like `` rent fetal heart doppler '' in a google search and rent one online .
 I purchased this in hopes of hearing my little one . I am well into my third trimester and so far all I can hear on it is the noises from every part of the house . The instructions indicated I would be able to hear movements and hiccups as well as the heartbeat . The baby has kicked the monitor and it has n't sounded , but if I move my finger at all on the button I hear that . I hope no one else wastes their money on this .
 Mostly useless says it all.Spend the money on something eles.If the lovely sounds of amniotic woosh woosh wooshing , or your own gasses burbling is your thing , buy this item . You will love it.If you want to hear the bebies heart beat , you MIGHT catch it FAINTLY in the last trimester ... if the baby is facing you ... and the stars are in the proper alignment ... if you are lying on your back -LRB- which you arent supposed to be doing anyway -RRB- and the fates smile on the moment.Me , id rather spend all that time `` counting kicks '' to keep watch on baby.It picks up the TV in the other room JUST GREAT though .
 I wish I had read the reviews on this website before I bought this product . I was so excited after hearing my baby 's heartbeat at the doctor 's office that I ran right out and bought this product when I was just 3 months pregnant . When I got it home and read the directions I learned that it would n't work until I was at least 5 months pregnant . I started using it at five months and still to this day 32 weeks into my pregnancy have never heard my baby 's hearbeat using this product . All my husband and I have ever heard is loud clicking noises when pushing the button and static every time the cord moves slightly . Do n't waste your money !
 We bought this product when I was 28 weeks pregnant . My husband is convinced he has heard the heartbeat , but I 'm not sure . We definitely hear lots of other noises , but whether it 's my digestive system or the baby , I do n't know . I am now almost 34 weeks pregnant and we 'll try again to hear it this week , but I am not very confident . We bought just the monitor , not the gift set . All I can say is , maybe it will work in the next few weeks , but I would never buy it again .
 I never heard a heart beat with this device . Money thrown down the drain & purchase regreted : -LRB-
 i do n't normally write reviews but this thing is a piece of junk and i wanted to do whatever i could to keep others from wasting their money . all you hear is generic noise . i am now 36 weeks ... one month from delivery and i never heard a heartbeat . i would always try right after getting back from the doctor 's office and hearing a heartbeat . nothing .
 WHAT A RIP-OFF !!! I would actually give this product LESS than one star if I could . I was so eager to buy this product , but my 9-month pregnant girlfriend insisted I should n't waste my money , and instead gave me hers a few days before she delivered . It never worked for her , and now , at 7 months along , it still has n't worked for me . All I can hear is gurgling-type noises , which sound EXACTLY the same as when I hold the device up to my HUSBAND 'S stomach ! I have lots of pregnant girlfriends , and I have yet to find a single person who has used this product with any amount of success . If you really want to clearly hear and acurately measure your baby 's heartbeat at home , consider renting a doppler device instead , -LRB- see babybeat.com or storkradio.com -RRB- . These devices are of doctor 's - office-quality , and you can rent them for around $ 30 a month . Otherwise , DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THE BEBE SOUNDS !!!! THIS PRODUCT IS A JOKE !!!!
 We have purchased this item when I was 5 months pregnant and even though my baby has a really strong heart beat , i was never able to detect the heart beat with this prenatal listener ... It was such a waste ... I could 've spend that $ 50 on something much better ...
 At 30 weeks pregnant , I thought for sure that I would be able to hear the baby 's heartbeat . I hear the movement of the monitor 's cord , the creaking of the joint in my finger , and the slight movement of the monitor over my stomach as I inhale and exhale , but I do n't hear the heartbeat . It is very frustrating to try to use this product . It says to be patient , and I am a very patient person , but I know when something is n't going to work -- and this wo n't work , no matter how many times I try . I would not recommend this thing to anyone . Do n't waste your time or money !
 I read the reviews , which were mostly bad , then bought the product anyway . I figured that if I followed the instructions it would work . I tried desperately to make this product work . I used it all through my pregnancy -LRB- to the last month -RRB- and it never worked for me . I am still resentful about it . It 's been my biggest waste of money so far -LRB- the diaper genie being the next biggest . -RRB- Hope this was helpful .
 This was a gift from a friend early on in pregnancy . Nice thought , but such a waste of money . I have NEVER heard the heartbeat , and I am now 37 weeks pregnant . I feel my baby kicking , but can not hear the heartbeat on this thing . There are many other things I would recommend giving as a gift , like pregnancy pillows for sleeping , but not this . If you ask me , it 's just another wasteful product geared for eager first time parents . Wan na hear the heartbeat ? Your doctor can do that for you at each visit .
 I have been trying since 20 weeks to hear something . All I hear is headphone cord moving , my hand moving , air circulating in the room ... you get the picture.My advice ? Take the `` money '' you would have spent on this item and spread it all over your abdomen . Next take a string put it to your ear . Now listen really hard . Hear anything ? No ??? Well , you 'll have the exact same results if you use this device.What a huge waste of money . ~ A very frustrated pregnant woman
 Luckily , I did not buy this product . My mother bought it for me hoping to hear the sounds of her first grandchild 's heart . I am currently 35 weeks and have not heard the heart . I hear the rumblings of movement , I hear the creaking in the joint of my finger as I hold the button down , alas , no heartbeat . I have been very let down by this product , as has my mother . I followed the instructions to the letter -LRB- they stress in the instructions that you can not use the product without following every word of their instructions -RRB- . What a bummer product this is .
 We bought this product and very dissapointed that you can hardly hear the heartbeat . I do n't recommend buying this product !
 If I could have given this 0 stars I would have . My husband and I purchased this , thinking we would be able to hear the baby 's heartbeat . We tried as early as 3 months , and only heard the usual gurgling and swooshing noises . Even at 8 months , we still could n't find the heartbeat , but we could hear a plane flying overhead ! Total waste of money !!! Use a stethescope , it works alot better !
 I never write reviews but felt compelled to write this one . I was very excited to learn that I could hear my first baby 's heartbeat without waiting to go to the doctor 's office . I purchased this product and I am now in my 25th week and can hear EVERYHING but the baby 's heartbeat . This product is such a waste of time . I wish that I could return it .
 I am 36 weeks pregnant , and have yet to hear anything from this monitor . At the drs office , the baby 's heartbeat comes in loud and clear ; with this all I hear is background noise . NOT worth it at all , I would have rather spent the money on something for the baby ! Do not waste your money !
 We purchased the prenatal listener deluxe set with the hopes of listening to our baby 's heartbeat and movements . So far we have heard nothing except static and the gurgles of my stomach . The button , which you have to hold down constantly , is a major pain . If there is any noise what so ever in the room , the listener amplifies it into your headphones . I am a nurse and I 'm accustomed to finding fetal heartones with a doppler and I can not get this thing to pick anything up . I even placed it over my own heart and barely could hear that ! I would not recommend this product for purchase with the intent of listening to your baby . The only thing that I have found useful are the speakers that come with the set . They can be plugged into a cd player and you can play music for your baby . This is the only useful thing about this product . If you ask me , it 's too -LCB- costly -RCB- e for a pair of tiny speakers . Maybe at 40 weeks I 'll pick something up !
 I have never been able to hear a baby 's heartbeat with this device , in fact , I do n't think I heard anything , on slight occasion , I heard my own heartbeat when held to my chest - just to make sure it even worked , I work in OB , so you think I would be able to find a baby heartbeat , I found dissapointment instead.Not useful , Not even amusing or entertaining .
 I purchased this product when I was only a few months pregnant . I thought that I would be able to at least hear something around 20 weeks . Well , I am now 38 weeks -LRB- two weeks until my due date -RRB- and I still can not hear much . Just this week I started hearing something , but who knows if it is really the heartbeat ! If you really want to hear your babies heartbeat I recommend renting a doppler . You can get one online and use them from 12 weeks on ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 Do n't let this product fool you , like it fooled me . First Time pregnant and I bought into the whole thing , wanted to hear the baby everyday etc. ... Well I did n't hear a thing . You just have to wait for the doctor 's appointments
 I wish I read the reviews before I bought this product . All I could hear was the same swooshing sound that I heard when I put the monitor on my husband 's tummy . I tried to find a heartbeat several times , moving no more than an inch at a time , concentrating on the area my doctor usually gets the strongest heartbeat . Nothing . I barely even heard the thumps when the baby kicked , and he was kicking right where the monitor was . At least I was able to pick up my own heartbeat . I spent too much money for a pair of cheap headphones & a cd -LRB- the only things that worked . -RRB-
 We got this item when I was 6months pg with our daughter , we never heard anything on it except the static from moving your finger when holding the button down . I definitly would not recommend this item to anyone who is pregnant . I could n't even hear my own heartbeat or my husbands . I only wish that I could get the money back , that would buy a lot of diapers which is something I could really use .
 THIS ITEM IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY !! My husband and I purchased the Firstsounds Deluxe Gift Set while I was in my 5th month of pregnancy and I regret that we purchased it . Unfortunately we could not return it because we already opened the package . The set comes with two sets of headphones , a microphone , a Listener , 2 CD 's , an adapter -LRB- so two people can listen to the baby -RRB- , and a speakerphone to speak to the baby . Firstly , the Listener -LRB- which allegedly allows you to hear the baby 's heartbeat -RRB- does not work . It picks up every other sound in a quiet room including the sound of your hand holding the Listener to your belly . It 's almost impossible to hear the baby 's heartbeat . Secondly , the earphones they provide are standard earphones you probaby have in your own home if you own any type of walkman . The speakphone -LRB- which is used to talk to your baby -RRB- is a standard microphone . Basically , what are you paying for ???? A bunch of items which either do not work and a few you probably already have in your own home . Do n't bother with this purchase . You 'll only end up being disappointed .
 I bought this item and let me tell you it was a waste of money . I never got to hear the heartbeat only the cars driving on the street . You do get to hear your own stomach and bowels moving but that 's not what you 're getting it for . It 's a piece of junk .
 This item is absolutely Horrible !! Do n't waste your money . My husband and I were never able to hear our babies heartbeat . We would only hear alot of swooshing . You can pick up your own heartbeat with no problem though . We would only try using it the day before I had a doctors appointment because I would get so discouraged and start worrying that we could n't hear the heartbeat , so at least I knew the next day I would be reassured at the doctors . I am 36 weeks now and still ca n't pick it up . I do n't even bother trying anymore . It 's a waste of time , money and just causes you aggravation .
 I thought that I would get some peace of mind being able to hear my baby 's heartbeat with this product . BOY WAS I WRONG ! I totally wasted my money ! I want to try and return it . All I heard was some loud , obnxious clanks ! And I heard these sounds regardless of what I put it up to ... stomach , chest , arm , leg , etc. . And the product instructions say that you can hear when the baby moves and kicks Well , I watched my stomach jump from the baby 's movements , while using the device and did n't hear a darn thing . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS THING ! IT DOES NOTHING !
 We only use this to play music to our baby , because we have been trying for 10 weeks to hear his heartbeat with it , to no avail . I can barely hear my own heartbeat!The strap and headphones are nice for playing music , but that 's about it.Don ' t waste your money on this . It 's horrible . And , you ca n't take it back !!!
 Expected it to be something like Doctor 's doppler . It is just a weak sound amplifier with no filtering . It picks up external sounds like the hum of the refrigerator and the dryer very well . You just touch the outside of the unit and the sound is amplified louder than anything else . Mother 's heartbeat is faint and muffled . Did not hear a single heartbeat or any kind of Baby sound . It did not even pick up visible baby kicks . Do n't waste your money .
 I was so excited to get this as a gift , until I tried it . I may as well get two paper cups and connect them to a string instead!It is absolutely useless !!!! It does n't matter how far along you are , my friend is about 81/2 months pregnant and ca n't hear a thing either!Diana
 This monitor is horrible . My wife and I tried to hear the baby 's heartbeat everyday since the third month . She is now six months and we still ca n't hear anything more than sounds from our own movement , the air conditioner , kitten 's purring , cars driving by , aircraft flying overhead , and the neighbors flushing the toilet . The only baby sounds we heard was the `` swooshing '' sound from blood moving through the placenta . My wife and I once thought we could hear a heart beat but were disappointed to find it was her own pulse from an artery near her waistline . This product says you should be able to hear the heartbeat and other baby sounds -LRB- i.e. hiccups , gurgles , and kicks -RRB- during the 2nd trimester -LRB- 5th month -RRB- . I do not recommend this product to anyone . It would be a great item if it worked for more than 1 out of 50 people .
 Do not buy the Bebe Sonds Prenatal Listerner . This product does not work , even on medium sound . The only thing this product did was make my wife worry that something was wrong with our son . Even at 8 months , it still does n't work yet the baby is alive and kicking . This thing is a joke and a waste of money . So do n't even think that it will work for you and that you should give it a try . This company should be sued .
 0 stars this product i had it with my first pregnancy with my daughter could never find the hart beat the only hart beat i herd was my own iam pregnent now and looking for a doppler a real one not a peice of plastic junk you could probley here the babys hart beat with a sphascope :--LRB- two thumbsdown
 this item is only good for ease-dropping . it is better than a glass to the wall . doc says half of the peeps think they are hearing the baby , but are really hearing their heart ... which can beat fast at times ... especially after you bother with this thing long enough and get frustrated . after 4 weeks i bought a doppler on ebay for $ 130 , you can get them now for $ 70ish . if you rent they are $ 20-50 per month .
 I will not repeat what other people said in their reviews about this monitor not picking up the baby 's heartbeat . I just want to respond to the 5-star reviewers . You are lucky that you found your babies ' heartbeat , but you are wrong when you say that others just did n't give it enough time . From 5 months until the end of my pregnancy I patiently tried to find the heartbeat several times a week . I would take my clothes off so they do n't interfere , and I would sit there for 30-40 minutes moving the microphone over my belly , stopping at different spots . I was VERY patient and spent A LOT OF TIME trying , as I really wanted the reassurance that everything is alright . I never heard any baby sounds ! When you look at the percentage of people who had success with this device , you will see that it is SO SMALL . It is like playing lottery - you know that most people do n't win , but you still buy the ticket hoping that you will be one of the few winners . So , if you want to gamble , go ahead and pay the 40 bucks for this lottery ticket . By the way , I wrote to the manufacturer 's customer service through their website asking if it would be possible to get a refund , and never heard back from them . They probably get a lot of such requests , they do n't have enough people to handle them . : -RRB-
 i do n't know how anyone found enjoyment out of this product . we tried it on several different occasions from 29wks to 39wks and never had any success . it was a terrible waste of our money . do n't buy it . you can have mine .
 We were anxious to hear the baby 's heartbeat . This listener will not provide you with what you expect to hear . I could only use it for the last few weeks of the pregnancy . In order to hear anything you must be in a silent room and have ultrasonic hearing . You can hear a faint heartbeat in your 9th month if you practice often . It is not worth it . Invest and rent the dobbler if you need real reinforcent on a regular basis especially from early on .
 This is a piece of junk ! I absolutely do not recommend this product . My husband bought it for me and it is awful ! We have tried and tried again to hear our son 's heartbeat ! I am 25 weeks pregnant , and the packaging says you will be able to hear the heartbeat at 20 weeks ! All we can hear is static . It makes the same sound if you put it on your arm ! This item is a peice of junk ! Do not waste your money !
 I woul n't have rated it even 1 star but I had to put something . This is the worse thing I 've ever bought . What a waste of $ $ . I purchased it for my excited husband hoping he could hear something , But from 5 mo. to now 8 mo. along , we still do n't hear anything but a gurgulling belly . Mine ! Even now in the eighth month we do n't even hear a heartbeat , that at the Dr. office is loud and very strong . I know this is n't medical level equipment but , please , do n't buy this . You WILL be disappointed .
 I am six months pregnant and still can not hear my baby 's heartbeat . I do enjoy using the fetal speakers and mic to play music and read to my baby . He gets very excited when hearing my voice ; however , I purchased this item mainly to hear his heartbeat . I wish I had read the reviews prior to purchasing ... you will NOT hear your child 's heartbeat with this monitor .
 I just bought the prenatal listen by itself and was dissapointed that I had to hold the monitor and the button down the whole time I was trying to listen . Any slight movement of your hand or finger while holding the device or pressing the button can sound like a kick . This thing takes alot of patience but if you can be still as a rock , quiet as a mouse you can hear the baby 's movements , I have n't been able to hear baby 's heartbeat yet , just my own and I 'm 20 wks .
 I suggest you rent -LRB- or buy -RRB- another monitor called BabyBeat which can be found at www.babybeat.com . My wife and I tried this Bebe Sounds listener at the same time we used the babybeat . There is absolutely no comparison . We heard our baby 's heartbeat at 12 weeks and it sounded like it did at the doctor 's office . However , BabyBeat is expensive to rent -LRB- $ 30 a month -RRB- , but it provided us constant reassurance . Also , it was great to hear our baby hiccupping !!
 We bought this item in spite of the mixed reviews it had gotten , so in retrospect , this is one item we could have done without ! We 've used the CDs and microphone to read stories to our little one , but have had absolutely NO luck hearing the fetal heartbeat . I think half an hour is the longest time we spent in search of a sound other than my gurgling digestive tract.You 're better off going to your regular prenatal visits and relying on the midwife/dr to hear the heartbeat . You can also ask if you can attach a mini cassette recorder into the doppler to record the heartbeat .
 This system does not work as well as it states it will . It tries to give you a warning that if you are not that far along you will not be able to hear the baby heart beat and it also says the heart beat wo n't sound like it does in the doctor 's office . My husband and I purchased this when I was 5 months and I 'm now 8 months and we still ca n't honestly say we have heard the heart beat . We basically uses this now to talk to our baby . I would n't recommend spending the money on this .
 I thought the first one I got was defected ... so I took it back and got another one . Well ... it did n't work AT ALL for me ! I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- VERY dissapointed ! What a waste of time and money !
 We were looking forward to purchasing this item to hear our baby 's heart beat . Unfortunately , we have n't had much luck with it ... it 's hard to find the heart beat , you can hear any external sounds and even hear your hand moving around on the device . We 're going to keep trying though ... maybe it will work sometime in the 7 weeks before our baby is due ...
 Luckily , we borrowed this item from someone , rather than buying it . Do n't waste your money . I 'm into my 3rd trimester , and I know both where to listen and what to listen for to pick up the baby 's heartbeat , and I have yet to find it with this monitor . All I hear is static from the foam cover , interference from moving the monitor around , and sometimes my own stomach . Even when I know the baby is moving and active , I still ca n't pick up the heartbeat . Definitely NOT a recommended product .
 My wife and I are having twins and we bought this early on -LRB- month 3 -RRB- . The only heartbeat I 've ever hear is my own hearbeat , testing to see if this actually works . My babies are perfectly fine , and when I go to the doctor 's office , they 're always fine ... but with this device , the only thing I get is disappointment . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 This Prenatal heart listener is junk.All you hear is Stomach and Intestine noises . I Would buy a book or something instead .
 I bought this product at 4 months , I could n't wait to use it . I am now 8 months pregnant and have n't heard any sign of a heart beat , I hear my food digesting though to remind me of how fat I am now . Do n't waste your time or the money . By yourself a weight watchers package deal for after the baby comes ...
 I have n't been able to hear the heartbeat once and I am 26 weeks along . At first it scared me to use the monitor and not hear anything but the cars passing outside . Waste of money !
 I was upset when I brought bebesounds from kmart I am 16 weeks and I have not heard anything but a whole bunch of noise in my tummy I almost got scared when i did not here anything but it may be to early and everyone else has had a problem with this device I wish I can bring it back to the store and get my dam money back . I hope I dont sound mean but this really upset me when you buy something and it does not work they way it shuold .
 We bought this product as soon as we found out that we were pregnant and I could n't wait for the fifth month to hear the heartbeat . I 'm now over 8 months pregnant and still ca n't find it . I do enjoy listening to him moving around but I 'm really not sure if it 's him or just my own stomach rumbling!I enjoy using the product to play Mozart music and to speak to him , but I would n't have paid the money just to do these things .
 I tried this stupid thing from 20 weeks all the up until my DUE DATE ! I heard everything BUT my baby 's heard beat ... I was so upset . Please , just rent a doppler from somewhere . Save yourself the frustration during pregnancy .
 I bought this set in-store at Baby 's ' R Us while I was 3 months pregnant , not realizing that as per the instructions INSIDE of the box -LRB- instead of indicated before you buy -RRB- , you must be about 5 months pregnant in order to hear the baby 's heartbeat . I am now 61/2 months pregnant and have NEVER been able to hear anything other than my own heartbeat and/or whooshing and gurgling sounds from my stomach . I have a high-risk pregnancy so I have ultrasounds performed every week and know EXACTLY how the baby is lying . She is also very active and kicks and moves all of the time . I ca n't express enough how disappointed we are with this product , especially since we spent over $ 40.00 for it . The worst part is that my fiance and I end up feeling very discouraged every time we invest another hour or two trying to hear something . It makes you feel let down and leaves you wondering if your baby is okay even though you may have heard the heartbeat at the doctor 's office only hours before .
 Ive had 2 pregnancys and My sister in law and I were pregnant at the same time . We both would try using this monitor and never heard anything but ourselves . Mine doubled as a toy for my 2 year old . Dont waste your money .
 My husband bought me this gift set so that we could listen to the babies heart beat and play the baby Mozart . We could never find the babies heartbeat even after just being to the doctor and knowing the everything was ok . -LRB- This item just enhances the paranoidness of the parents-to-be thinking that everything is not ok because you ca n't find the heartbeat . -RRB- As for the playing the baby music you can do the same thing with your CD player or tape deck and a cheap pair of headphone to place on your belly.Again do not waste your money .
 That horrendous sound you 're hearing is actually the tiny bit of friction in the nuckles of your fingers because this device is SO sensitive , it will pick up EVERYthing . We found it to be so rediculously sensitive that it was impossible to differentiate the baby 's heartbeat from other sounds such as the mother 's digestive system . The worst part was trying to keep still enough to eliminate these parasitic noises . Even the most impercievable joint movement in the user 's hand is picked up loud enough to block out all other sounds . Spend your money on something else .
 This product is not worth your hard earned money . Spend a few extra dollars and rent or purchase a doppler .
 I do understand that depending on outside interferance and how much facia you have you can have a hard time hearing the heart beat , but it 's kinda silly . I can hear the wooshing of the blood through the umbilical cord , and I can hear the kicks as well , but so far no heartbeat . I think they really need to work on that part , as I know it disappoints alot of people to not be able to hear their baby , it also provides a certain sense of comfort if you can hear your baby whenever you want . My baby has gone through many periods where she 's just quite lazy and does n't move around as much , perfectly healthy and nothings wrong with her but it would make me feel better to be able to pick up the prenatal listener and hear her . I 'm now 32 wks and still can not find the heartbeat properly and I do follow the directions to a T. I will update this in 4 wks then 4 more to let you know if I ever do find it.Edit 02/07/06
 I do not own the bebe sounds deluxe kit , but I own the regular one-headset version and IT DOES NOT WORK . Do yourself a favor and buy something you really need with the money you would be wasting on this .
 I finally found the heartbeat after about a month of trying , and it is EXTREMELY faint . A stethoscope would do better . For $ 49 at the store , I am extremely disappointed . Spend the extra money and get a doppler .
 I bought this set for my husband for Christmas b/c I thought it would be cool for him to hear the baby whenever he wanted to . I spent the extra $ $ $ on the deluxe set b/c of the fact I could play music to the baby . Well , I was 6 months pregnant and we could n't find a heartbeat anywhere . Even if the room is totally silent we still could n't find it and I read the instructions ! I bought it online for $ 40 and am selling it now on Ebay for 1/2 that . I 'm in my 8th month and still do n't hear anything . I guess I just was hoping I 'd get it to work . Do n't bother .
 DO NOT BUY . This product stinks - it does n't work/detect until well into the pregnancy -LRB- when you are less concerned than earlier -RRB- ; instead , rent the better/more sensitive version . Of course , not hearing a hearbeat totally stressed you out , so save yourself the anxiety . The better -LRB- rentals -RRB- detect earlier , will give you more peace of mind when you most need it . They said they would give me a refund , but never sent it and said they did n't receive the monitor which I had shipped back to them .
 Waste of money and being first time parents we buy everything regardless of price . It will make you crazy because you ca n't hear anything and start thinking you hear something . It really is a `` joke '' and the people who like it must work for the company .
 Someone gave me this monitor in the beginning of my pregnancy . I am now eight months pregnant and I have yet to find my baby 's heartbeat on this monitor . I have followed the directions and it still does not work . Even in the quietest room , all I can hear is a humming and an occasional thump from my baby . Definitley a waste of money .
 When my husband and I got this product we could n't wait to hear the baby 's heartbeat . I was 5 months pregnant then and am 7 months now and have yet to hear it with this product . I like playing music for the baby but you can do that with just a CD player and headphones ...
 We received this as a gift . I 'm sorry my friend wasted their money . I have tried listening for something other than my own heartbeat , stomach growling and noises in the house since I was in my first trimester . I now have 4 weeks to go and have yet to hear anything related to the baby . Do not waste your money buying this product for yourself or anyone else . I think the nurse at my doctor 's office summed it up best ... it has no way to transfer sound . Think about it . They use gel on your belly and have direct contact with the listening device in the doctor 's office . This item has a funnel with a sponge on the end . It 's just not designed to transfer sound effectively . Spend your money elsewhere !
 My husband and I tried patiently to hear SOMETHING with this thing . We finally gave up when , at 27 weeks , we both SAW the baby kick the very spot where we had the listener placed . The manual says that kicks sound like a `` thud . '' We heard nothing but the same old `` whooshing . '' I was shocked since this thing picks up every sound outside and around the belly loud and clear . Anyone who hears heart beat or hiccups with this listener must have a much softer internal `` whooshing '' going on !
 I tried from 4.5 months through my 6 month of pregnancy to hear my child 's heartbeat . Finally after numerous attempts , arching my back while sitting and placing it right above my navel I hear my child 's heartbeat .
 I 'm 71/2 months along and the thing still wont pick up the heart beat . My baby is healthy and the doctor hears it every visit . You 're better off spending the money on anything else . The only somewhat cool part is the speakers . At first I enjoyed putting on music and playing it for the baby . That was until I learned that putting music on the baby could interrupt their sleep patterns and who wants to do that ?
 My husband bought this because he wanted our almost 3 year old daughter to be able to listen to the new baby 's heart beat . I am nearly 6 months along now and we have not been able to hear a thing ! All we hear is gurgling sounds , popping and static . I also find that even my breathing causes interfearance and I end up holding my breath while we try to listen . This item is worthless and a HUGE waste of money .
 SINCE I WAS EIGHT WEEKS ALONG , MY OB HAS ALWAYS COMMENTED ON HOW LOUD AND STRONG MY LITTLE ONE 'S HEARTBEAT IS . HERE I AM , AT 24 FULL WEEKS , AND STILL CA N'T HEAR A THING EXCEPT STATIC AND GURGLING . NOT FOR A LACK OF TRYING EITHER , I 'VE SAT AND LAID IN DIFFERENT POSITIONS , TRIED 200 DIFFERENT LOCATIONS , AND EVEN TRIED A BRAND NEW BATTERY ... NOTHING HAS WORKED . I WISH I HAD JUST PUT THAT MONEY TOWARDS A GOOD PEDICURE !
 I am now 9 months pregnant and with the exception of one time -LRB- where I THOUGHT I heard my son 's heartbeat -RRB- , the most I heard was the cute sounds of my intestines ... and this is after spending at least 1/2 hour searching . At one point -LRB- well into my 5th month -RRB- , I got excited after hearing thumps -LRB- which are supposed to be kicks -RRB- , but the excitement was short lived when I put the listener on my husband 's stomach and found that his stomach made the same sounds . Save yourself the money .
 My husband and I have yet to hear our baby 's heartbeat with this device . Save your money !
 Dont waste your money . I bought this when I was 20 weeks pregnant and I am still trying to hear the heartbeat at 32 weeks . The only thing I can hear is my intestines growling and my dog in the other room breathing . This product is a real let-down and I do not advise anyone to buy this piece of junk ...
 We got this product hoping to hear the baby 's heartbeat when my wife was about 4 months pregnant , but could not hear actual heartbeat . Waited until 5 , 6 , 7 , even 8 months , tried many many times , but could not hear it ! It did not work for us , I 'm not sure how many people actually have success with this product . This is not like what you see in Doctor 's office , those devices use different technology -LRB- doppler -RRB- . Be careful since stores such as motherhood do n't let you return it , so if it does not work for you , you 're stuck with it !
 We purchased this product early in our pregnancy . At first it was exciting to here the baby moving even though I really could not feel it . After many attempts , even up to my due date , to hear the baby 's heartbeat we are very disappointed with the quality of this product . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Save your money !
 Save your money for other things you will need once the baby has arrived ! Until then wait until your next appointment with your doctor and you will be able to hear the heartbeat at the Doctor 's office . Do n't worry yourself silly trying to find the baby 's heartbeat with this . like I did ... I was however able to play music for the baby in utero , which is why it did receive 1 star . Something that I could have accomplished however with my husbands portable cd player .
 I tried to listen to my baby 's heartbeat throughout my pregnancy and was unable to hear it , even at 8 months ! It picks up all the ambient noise and can barely pick up your heartbeat and stomach sounds . Great idea , if it worked .
 I am pregnant with my first child and purchased this six months into my pregnancy . I have not been able to get this thing to work even now that I 'm at nine months . I 've even brought this along with me to my doctor 's visit and she thought that this monitor was a piece of junk . Do n't waste your time or your money with this product !!
 I purchased this product when I was 19 weeks along . The directions mentioned it works best in your third trimester . I am now 8 months pregnant & still have yet to hear my baby 's heart beat using this device . There is a lot of back ground noise & interference even when the room is completely quiet . Fortunately , I am a mom/baby nurse & can listen to my baby 's heartbeat at work any time I please . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 We borrowed this product from a couple who had a baby in November . It 's made the rounds among the preggos at my hubby 's work , and we 're just one of the many couples who know - it does n't work ! I 'm an RN and familiar with the device used to hear a fetal heartbeat , and this bears very little resemblance . We even took it into the doc 's office figuring that once he found the heartbeat himself , THEN maybe we could find it with this thing . Nope - totally struck out at 29 weeks . We thought maybe later on in the pregnancy we 'd have better luck , but judging from earlier reviews , I 'm not holding my breath . Nice idea , poor execution of idea.UPDATE
 THE MONITOR IS HARDLY WHAT WE EXPECTED IT TO BE . I WAS 6MONTHS WHEN WE BOUGHT IT & WE WERE SO EXCITED THAT WE OPENED THE PACKAGE IN THE CAR ! OF COURSE THE ONLY THING WE HEARD WAS ROAD NOISE , BUT WHEN WE GOT HOME WE STILL DID N'T HEAR ANYTHING -LRB- EXCEPT STOMACH GROWLINGS & OUR OWN HEARTBEAT -RRB- . THE BABY DID MOVE AROUND ALOT MORE WHEN WE LISTENED FOR HER . THE ONLY THING THAT I LIKE ABOUT THE SOUNDS MONITOR IS THAT WHEN WE USE THE DEVICE TO SPEAK TO THE BABY , SHE MOVES AROUND ALOT RIGHT NEAR THE SPEAKERS . WE READ TO HER EVERY NIGHT WITH IT & SHE SEEMS TO ENJOY IT .
 I also own the basic model with one set of headphones and it is a waste of money . My husband wanted to get one from the day we found out I was pregnant , but we waited until I was 6 months . You ca n't hear anything going on with the baby . Another thing isyou can not return it to the store for any reason , it has to go directly to the manufacturer . A word to the wise , do not waste your money on this cheap item !
 I did n't by this deluxe gift set , but I did buy just the Prenatal Listener -LRB- without all the extras -RRB- . I guess I bought it when I was about 5 months pregnant . I had already heard the heartbeat by then , but thought this would be fun to have at home between visits . Well , in the 4 weeks that this product worked , the only sounds I really heard were the clicking of the unit on and off and occasional rumbling of my stomach . I was hoping it was still just early and that maybe later in my pregnancy I would have better luck hearing the baby . Well , after having it for only a month , the product stopped working all together . Now when I turn it on , I hear nothing at all . I did n't save the packaging or my receipt after using it because , as a firsttime parent , I was keeping my hopes up that eventually it would work as promised . What a mistake ; I should have just returned it in the beginning and saved the money I spent on it . I think it 's a lovely idea , but the product just does n't work .
 I tried this several times throughout my pregnancy . Each time I really could not hear anything . Mostly what I hard was the moving of the device over my belly . I had to sit really still in order not to hear the device moving . I even tried it when my baby had the hiccups , I could n't even hear that . I also had to be in a very quiet room with no one talking and the tv off . Once I heard a swooshing sound , but other than that - nothing . Do n't waste your money on this one . You are better paying for a device that the midwives use .
 This is a great idea but it did n't work at all for us . We eventually gave up trying to listen for our daughter 's heartbeat and just waited for our appointments to hear it . We did n't try during the last trimester because we were frustrated from the previous attempts .
 When me and my husband passed this item in the store I was told that it was a terrific buy . I believe that associate was new or wanted us to waste our money because we could not find the babys heartbeat if our life depended on it ! I was completely dissapointed and sad that I could not hear my babys heartbeat at all . All I picked up was the noises surronding the room ! The only thing this is good for is to hear your own heartbeat because I surely did pick that up !
 I bought the Prenatal Heart Listener Deluxe when I was about 4 months pregnant . I am now 8.5 months pregnant and I wish I had never bought it . It was a complete waste of money . I had read reviews on it some positive and some negative , but I thought I would try it anyways . It was a waste of money for me . I NEVER heard my baby 's heart beat , all I do is rely on my doctors visits . I see her kicking all the time , but I never hear her kicking . I would n't recommend this to anybody.The only good thing would be the microphone that is included so that you can talk to your baby , but you can pick that up a lot cheaper !
 This item was the biggest waste of moeny !! I bought it at 24 weeks gestation and am now 34 weeks along and have been ATTEMPTING to use it faithfully ... but all I hear is my stomach gurgling -LRB- big whoop -RRB- and my hearbeat . And , the headset is now starting to go out on it . Since it is a ` personal product ' they do n't offer a money back guarantee . Pay the extra money to rent a medical doppler and you 'll be happier .
 I always wanted to get this product even though I read all review and this product has a poor review but I believed those couple people who gave good reviews . Do not buy this product . I bought this product when I was 4.5 months pregnant . My husband and I tried this product and follow the instruction almost everyday for 2 weeks . You can not hear the fetal 's heartbeat but everything else . You ca n't hear your own hearteat when you put it against your chest . I was going to keep it for the Microphone but by 6 months my baby can hear everything outside the womb . I can just play the music from the CD player and the baby can hear it . So we returned the product . Please do n't buy this product just keep your money for those Baby Mozart and other classical music CDs .
 Like so many others , I was n't able to hear my baby 's heartbeat with this device and was incredibly unhappy with my purchase . As it was used , I could n't return it to Babies-R-Us and so contacted Unisar Inc. who provided a full refund . I 'm not usually one to leave reviews or contact companies about my disappointment but I was shocked by the numerous negative reviews left on this site and the false advertising of this device . They were relatively prompt with their response and only requested that the device be returned with the receipt .
 I bought this at 5 months and NEVER heard a heartbeat , even up to my last week of pregnancy ! All you can hear is slushy noises and the pulse of your uterus . If you want to play music for your baby then just buy a CD and use your own headphones . Do n't bother spending money on this .
 It does n't work . I am 25 weeks right now , know where he is and I still ca n't hear his heartbeat . It 's such a disappointment ! Lucky for me , I did n't have to pay for it ...
 I HAD TO RATE ONE STAR BECAUSE THEY SAID SO , BUT IAM LYING TO YOU.MY BEBE SET WAS A HAND ME DOWN PARTLY BRAND NEW AT THE TIME STILL I COULD N'T HEAR ANYTHING BUT MY HEARTBEAT OR GAS ROLLINGAROUND . SO GOOD THING I DID N'T WASTE MY MONEY LIKE THE OTHERS CAUSE YOU COULD HAVE PURCHASED A SET OF BOTTLES INSTEAD . IAM VERY UPSET BECAUSE I WAS SO EXCITED AND EAGER TO HEAR MY BABY 'S HEARTBEAT AND GOT NOTHING AT FIRST IT SCARED ME THAT I DID N'T HEAR ANYTHING CAUSE I THOUGHT THE WORST AND PANIC ! I WORRIED SO BADLY I CALLED THE OBGYN AND SCHELDULED AN APPT . I WAS AT EASE WHEN I HEARD HIS HEARTBEAT AND WHEN I GOT HOME I THREW IT AWAY , JUST A BUNCH OF TRASH THAT NEEDS TO BE PULLED OF THE MARKET UNTIL THEY CAN COME UP WITH SOMETHING THAT 'S BETTER AND MOST OF ALL ACCURATE HEARING.A MOMMY THAT 'S STILL KANGAROOING !!
 i bought this listener when i was about 22 weeks i am not 25 weeks and still have not heard a thing . all i heard was cars going by , the click of the button in my ear when i press it -LRB- ouch !!! -RRB- and my dog snoring , the fridge running and any other background noise . i wish i never spent the money on it . if i could afford it i would by one of the dopler listeners like my doctor has . dont buy this product .
 The monitor has been sitting on my nightstand for some time as I had never been able to hear much aside from outside noises -LRB- television , washing machine , neighbors talking , etc. -RRB- or static from my own movement -LRB- breathing , an unsteady finger , growling stomach , you name it -RRB- . I am now 38 weeks and decided to give it another try today . I heard a very faint heartbeat . I thought I could FINALLY record something via computer as suggested by the product to send a file to baby 's grandparents in California . Even worse than hearing the static through the headphones is hearing the TREMENDOUS static and background noise after replaying the . wav on the computer . It even overshadowed the heartbeat which was inaudible on the playback . I am so extremely disappointed that I am considering writing a letter to Bebe Sounds about this bogus product . Please heed the warnings and save yourself the frustration of buying this `` monitor . ''
 Do n't bother with buying this . I 've had this since 21 weeks and i am now almost 35 . Every so often you can hear the baby kick , but no heartbeat . It 's good if you want to hear your stomach rumble up close and personal .
 I 'd have to agree with other negative reviews I 've read . This product is poorly developed . The entire handheld device is extremely sensitive to every movement , noise , creak , etc. , that you or anyone near you could make . I even heard my husband snoring thru closed doors in the headset when I was trying to get it to work one night . Besides all my other internal noises , I can say I could hear the kicks when my baby moved , but that 's not enough to persuade me to keep the monitor . It 's going back to the store tomorrow . If you want to spy on someone 's conversation down the street , this product is for you ... Otherwise , you probably wo n't have much luck hearing your baby 's heartbeat over all the other noise . I wonder if the folks who rated this product with 4-5 stars actually knew what they were hearing ...
 I bought this product with high hopes to hear the baby , and it doesnt work . the reasson i gave it 2 starts was because , my family and i reversed it -LRB- by talking in the microphone and putting the head phones on my belly -RRB- and talked to the baby , which it started to kick ! but that was the only good thing it did -LRB- was let the baby hear the rest of the faimly -RRB- !
 Please I urge you not to buy this product . We have tried every way to use this and I can barely even hear my own heartbeat with this product . Just save your money and enjoy listening to the heartbeat at the OBGYN . I just saved you 20 bucks !
 We were anxious to hear the baby 's heartbeat . This listener will not provide you with what you expect to hear . I could only use it for the last few weeks of the pregnancy . In order to hear anything you must be in a silent room and have ultrasonic hearing . You can hear a faint heartbeat in your 9th month if you practice often . It is not worth it . Invest and rent the dobbler if you need real reinforcent on a regular basis especially from early on .
 In spite of what the reviews say and the warnings of other mothers , I bought this machine and have heard nothing but static . You have to hold the button steady to listen and all you hear is your finger trying to hold the button . The only good thing about this product is I can play music and talk to the baby . My daughter actually responded to the music and my singing . I can hear the baby better with a plain stethoscope . That 's how I heard her heartbeat . BTW , I paid less than $ 10 for my stethoscope !!!
 Waste of $ $ $ . Ca n't hear anything except the noise being generated by holding down the button ...
 My placenta is in the front so it has been very difficult to feel the baby move . However , when I used this product the baby actually kicked a few times which caused me to wonder if it was from irritation from the product since I never feel him move . The only heartbeat I have been able to find has been my own . I an 5 and 1/2 months have had no luck so far with this product .
 My husband and I bought this when I was pregnant with out first child we did n't buy it until I was 30 weeks pregnant we tried using it over and over again until I had the baby and it never worked!We tried using it again with our second child and it still did n't work , everyone i know has had the same results , you can hear your body but not the baby 's heartbeat.Save your money and rent a neonatal unit those are great !
 I bought this for myself when I was 4 months pregnant . I knew I would n't be able to hear any sounds right away , but I figured it would be worth the buy a few months down the road . I am now 81/2 months pregnant and have yet to hear the baby 's heartbeat . -LRB- I 've been listening for it from 18 wks on -RRB- . I read the directions from cover to cover and even used it when his back was against my stomach -LRB- the best place they said to listen -RRB- , but heard nothing . As for his kicks and hiccups , they are fairly easy to listen to as long as you lay still . The only part worth buying in the package is the microphone to play music to and read to him because he responds , but I 'm sure regular headphones over your tummy work just as good . Overall , I was not too impressed and would not recommend this product for the price .
 We bought the fetal heart monitor at a local retailer and were unimpressed upon opening the package . The documentation tells you over and over again that you can not return the item to the retailer if you are n't happy with it ; that you must call the manufacturer for a return . 1 . This is n't true . We returned it with no problems . 2 . This tells me that the manufacturer has problems with people not liking the quality of the product and returning it.This listener is essentially a VERY cheap stethoscope with volume control . It picks up any little noise , so you have to wait for a while after eating or drinking anything to use it , you have to lay down in a very quiet room , and I at least had to have my wife hold her breath because any movement of her body was picked up .
 I agree totally with the other negative reviews . We bought this monitor early on in my pregnancy and now I 'm 30 weeks and we have yet to be able to hear our baby 's heartbeat . We were really looking forward to being comforted by the sound of her heartbeat whenever we wanted to . . I do not and will not recommend this product to anyone .
 I hate this . I 'm 29 weeks pregnant and still ca n't hear anything but my stomach growling . It picks up every noise within ten miles BUT my little boy 's heart beat . Please do n't waste your money on this . Just want you to have fair warning ! :-RRB- Stetescopes work better . I have a fisher price stetescope and it works 10 x 's better than this machine . I kid you NOT ! So those of you that have them -LRB- the ones that are yellow with the red head -RRB- try it out ! Hope this helps !
 I bought this product it was the worst investment I have ever made ! I could not hear my babies heart beat what so ever with this even up to my 35th week of pregnancy . It was pretty frustrating and scary at times not being able to hear a thing especially being a first time mommy . I would not waste a cent on this product !
 This doppler device is a complete waste of money . Even at 8.5 months , we were never able to hear the heartbeat . Everything just sounds like static . We ended up borrowing an old-school doppler and always found the heartbeat right away.Do not buy this - it is a waste of money . You are better off renting a doppler from the hospital !
 I purchased this product for piece of mind . The only heartbeat I heard was mine . At 71/2 months , I still ca n't hear the baby 's heartbeat . I should have purchased the Doppler instead ... the same one my ob/gyn uses . It costs more but at least , I get piece of mind . I would n't recommend the BEBE prenatal heart monitor to ANYONE !!
 If there was any way I could give this product NO stars I would . I am 35 weeks pregnant and have YET to hear anything other than noise from this gadget . In fact , those women who hear the baby `` moving '' and such , I challenge you to put the monitor on your husband 's stomach ... you will hear the exact same noises . All it is is YOUR OWN regular digestive sounds you are hearing.It 's clumsy , frustrating and does n't do what it promises . I was lured by being able to `` hear the baby 's heartbeat '' and I feel like I was taken for a ride . It 's not right to play on people 's emotions and then provide them with a product that does n't work.I am very dissappointed in this product and I hope I save you the frustration I felt in this product.Bottom line
 I 'm sorry I wasted my money . I am almost 8 months and can not distinguish any baby sounds . I bought this product after having had a miscarriage and was hoping to hear the reassuring sound of my baby 's heartbeat.Can ' t hear it . This monitor is junk !
 We had the priveledge of having 4 ultrasounds done and everytime we went home to hear the baby 's heartbeat ... nothing but static -LRB- this was even during the 35th week -RRB- .
 not impressed , does not work well , all you hear is static , or you hear your finger holding down the button but not the heart beat !!!!
 This is definitely a waste of money . Neither my husband nor I have EVER been able to hear the baby 's heartbeat with this worthless piece of plastic . I wish I had known about renting a doppler before we wasted our time and money on this . With my rented doppler , we can find our baby 's heartbeat in no time and get the reassurance that we need . Please DO NOT buy this item ; ours ended up in the garbage because Babies R Us would not let us return it .
 My husband and I purchased the Bebe Sounds Prenatal Listener Deluxe Gift Set shortly after we found out we were having a baby . Following the directions , we did n't try to use the heart listener until we were well into the fifth month . At that time , we were unable to hear anything but the gurgling of my own stomach . We kept trying right on through to the end . Now , at 39 weeks and knowing precisely where the baby is resting , we are still unable to hear the baby 's heartbeat with this device . My sister-in-law also bought the system and had similar difficulties . The only redeeming feature of this pack is the microphone with which you may read and speak to your baby , as well as play music , but this is something that can easily be achieved with a regular walkman or other such device , which most people already have . During this time when there are so many things to buy , save yourself the cash -LRB- and aggravation -RRB- and get something that you can really use !
 Complete waste of money ! I could n't get it to pick up the heartbeat , even at the end of my pregnancy ! I ended up calling the company and sending it back to them for a refund -LRB- they do guarantee your satisfaction -RRB- . Do n't bother with it !
 I bought this product despite my girlfriend telling me that she was unable to hear her baby 's heartbeat with the Bebe Sounds even up to a few days before delivery . My husband and I have tried and tried , and then tried again to hear the heartbeat and it 's just not going to happen with this monitor . We were excited to hear `` swooshing '' sounds , thinking this was the baby , but when I put the monitor up to say , my ARM or LEG , you get the SAME SOUNDS !!!! I 'm very , very disappointed .
 I was not at all impressed with this item , especially for the price . The instructions say `` be patient . '' It grew increasingly difficult to be patient after several uses . I very rarely heard anything but the `` swooshing '' sound . Sometimes a heartbeat could be heard faintly , but only about 5 % or less of the time . We used this product between the 7-8th month of pregnancy , so the baby was plenty big enough to hear.There is a loud pop when you activate the listening mode . Additionally there is a styrefoam cover over the listening cone that squeaks every time you move it on the belly . That is the sound we seemed to hear most.If price is no object and you would be delighted to hear your unborn baby 's heartbeat even if just for a few seconds with 1/2 hour of searching , then you are likely to find use with this product . But I would image most folks will have the same opinion as us and grow frusterated.Our ObGyn said there is no way you can get the same kind of feedback from a -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- unit as you can get from their $ 5000 unit . I would avoid this product unless you are very determined .
 This product does not work ... my husband is a doctor and I 'm a nurse and we have been trying to use this prenatal listener since I was 20 weeks -LRB- now I 'm 34 -RRB- and we have never heard our baby 's heartbeat on it . You can hear my heartbeat just fine - and I 'm convinced that is how they get you - you think you 're hearing your baby 's heartbeat but it 's probably your own -LRB- take your pulse while you listen -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on this product !
 I was pregnant with twins and convinced my hubby that since these were my last babies and I was having complications that hearing the babies ' heartbeats would be fun and reassuring . What a DISAPPOINTMENT ! I heard nothing but static . No baby heartbeats at all -LRB- and I had TWO babies in my tummy ! -RRB- My husband tried . I tried . Several times . Nothing . What a complete and utter waste of money!If you 're serious about listening to your baby 's heartbeat , get the Babycom Doppler Fetal Heartbeat monitor . My friend is pregnant and she used the Babycom and was able to hear her baby 's heartbeat the first time she tried it.Don ' t waste your money on Bebesounds ...
 I bought this when I was 5 months pregnant and tried several times to find the heartbeat and was unable to . I even tried it on my friend who was 8 months and it did n't work . Maybe some people have had luck with this product but I certainly did n't . If you are really looking for something to give you peace of mind , I would recommend renting a doppler . They do n't cost too much and it 's a piece of medical equipment that will work everytime . That is what I did and I was able to get the reassurance I needed .
 I ca n't believe they are still allowed to sell this item as marketed . I tried using it from 5 months up to the week I gave birth and never heard anything except food digesting . I tried , my husband tried , my mother tried . My tummy sounded the same as my dog 's tummy ! I could hear my own heart beat really well , though ... I threw this item away -- I am still mad that I spent money on this piece of trash .
 Most baby stores will allow you to test the product before you purchase it , if that option is given please take advantage of it !!!! I purchased this product and it was a total waste of money !!! I went and found it at my 18th week of pregnancy and the feedback was horrible even at the lower volume levels . Realizing that it may have been to early to hear a heart beat with the monitor I waited until I was at least 24 weeks and still could not hear anything , I then decided to take it to my doctor 's office as suggested in the booklet to have him help me find the heart beat . As soon as my doctor saw the product he shook his head and said these products really are not that great . He used the doppler to locate the heart beat and then tried it with the Bebe Sounds Monitor and could not detect anything but he did say he could hear what was going on in the next room . I found out that refunds and exchanges are not excepted !! I will say though that it is a great spy tool but for hearing your child 's heart beat GOOD LUCK !! I was very disappointed that I wasted $ 30 on this product . Next time I will look into purchasing or renting a doppler ...
 I am so very disappointed in this product . With my first pregnancy , I was not able to hear a heartbeat until my seventh month . I am on my second pregnancy and am 25 weeks along . So far , I have not heard a damn thing but the cars outside my apartment building , the tv in the living room and even the neighbor 's stereo downstairs below me . I was very close to trashing it during my first pregnancy , but this time , I chunked that damn thing in the trash ! Do not waste your money on this product . If it 's priced below 100 bucks , then it 's probably a piece of junk . Just go off of your baby 's movement every day for re-assurance that all is well .
 I PURCHASED THIS A COUPLE OF DAYS AGO , AND WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY . I HEAR THE CARS PASSING BY MY HOUSE , AND IF MY HUSBAND IS DOWNSTAIRS IN THE FAMILY ROOM , I CAN HEAR THE T.V. CLEAR EVEN ON THE FIRST VOLUME NUMBER . BUT NO HEARTBEAT . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 We share a similar story about this gift set . We were hesitant to buy this , but decided to give it a try . We have tried using it numerous amount of times and still have not been able to hear anything besides a noise that i can only descibe as an airplane over head . My girlfriend is 21 weeks and can feel the baby moving , but cant hear it . Please do n't waste your money . It can be better used for other things .
 I bounght the monitor naturally to hear the HB . At 24 weeks I still just hear the sounds of her kicking inside me . Now those are precious , and for the counting that we need to do later in the pregnancy , that may come in handy . However , if you are buying this to hear the HB ... I fear the other reviewers are correct ... it is a waste of your money !
 I am pregnant with my first child , and I bought this because I thought that it would be great to be able to hear the babies heart whenever I wanted too . Well big mistake , because the only thing you can hear with this thing is the wooshing of your own stomach , and I have used this thing exactly like it says to in the manual ! Not to mention the fact that I have only had it probably a week , and it has already stopped working ! Over all I would not recommend purchasing this item !
 My husband bought the heart listener as a gift for me so I could listen to the baby . I was already 7 months along . I have never heard ANYTHING with this product even at full term . I think it is a fine idea , it just does n't work . My littman stethoscope works 100 times better . Save your money and skip this purchase .
 I am in my seventh month and still can not pick up a heart beat with this thing ! I got curious and put the thing right over my own heart and could not even pick up my own heart beat ! Unfortunately , I bought mine in a maternity store and can not even return it to get my money back ! If you want to play music for your baby grab your walkman , turn it up and put the head phones on your belly . It works just as well and costs a whole lot less !
 I bought this product when pregnant with my first child , and tried it again when pregnant with my second child . I never heard a heartbeat ! I suggest that no one waste money on this product , it only served to worry me . I am a small person , so it is not as though it had a lot of fat to go through , I tried it even toward the end of my pregnancies and never heard a heartbeat . Please do n't waste your money .
 I 'd give this a 0 stars but that is not an option . I am 28 days away from my due date and I have yet to hear the heartbeat via this device . My husband and I bought it and tried it . It did n't work . We 'd turn it low and then high and still no heartbeat ! The worst part is that it is considered a health and beauty product and ca n't be returned to the store . Do n't take the risk ... you 'll regret it !
 SO far I am 24 weeks and I have n't heard a peep with this monitor and honestly I can barely hear my own heart beat when I hold it up to my left chest area . The only sounds I can hear are some minor whooshing sounds which could be anything .
 This product is such a waste of money . I paid 50 dollars and really regret it . The only heart beat I could find was my cats ! This product plays on your feelings of wanting to hear your baby and `` bond '' with your baby . The only thing this product is is fustrating . The CD 's are nice and the microphone that you can use to put on your tummy is okay , but there are cheaper CD 's and I hardly think you need a microphone for the baby to hear the music . Good Luck and spend the money on baby clothes or a pregnancy massage !
 I received this monitor as a gift when I was 20 weeks along . I am 35 weeks pregnant and have NOT once heard my baby 's heartbeat with this listener . My Husband and I have tried and tried , but all we can really hear is my belly 's `` swooshing '' sounds . This monitor is an absolute disappointment , do n't waist your money or time on it ...
 After speaking with my doctor about this item , she laughed and told me `` If you and your husband want to speak to the baby , just open your mouth . Never underestimate the power of nature . '' I still wanted to try this `` wonder toy '' for myself . I ventured over to my best friends house -LRB- also pregnant -RRB- and put this triangle object on my stomach . After blowing out an eardrum from the clicking sound and cord movment , I decided my doctor was right . The baby and I still have plenty of time in the near future to talk , listen and bond together . Until then ... I saved myself some money . Hope you do too .
 My mother gave this to my husband and I so that we could listen to our baby 's heartbeat during pregnancy . What it fails to tell you on the packaging is that you can not hear the heartbeat until the seventh month . But , as my husband and I realized , it did n't work AT ALL !! We tried to listen to the heartbeat up until I my due date - nothing . We read the instructions over and over to make sure that we were doing it right but it never worked . Do not waste your money on this !!
 I bought this because I wanted to be able to hear my baby in between pre natal visits . Well even after following the directions EXACTLY I could never hear anything but my own stomach . Also the classical CD that comes with this set is junk ! It skips and sometimes wo n't play at all . It 's not worth the money or the time you have to put into this .
 The heart monitor does n't work at all . All you get is outside noise .
 I was so excited to find out that I could hear my baby 's heartbeat at home that I purchased this product when I was 17 weeks pregnant . I soon found out what a waste of money it is . The machine picks up on every noise from the TV in another room to the movement of my hand as I move it around , which is impossible to get around . The only thing I did n't hear was my baby 's heartbeat ! I did pick up my heartbeat , however , and at first I got excited because I thought it was my baby 's . But after counting the number of beats I realized that it was not my baby 's heartbeat , but my own . I 'm now 27 weeks and still ca n't pick up a heartbeat . I asked my doctor about the reliability of this product and she said she 'd had several patients to bring the monitor in and she was unable to hear the heartbeat . She suggested that I bring it with me to my next appt and she will give it another try . I am not getting my hopes up however . As someone else mentioned , you ca n't return this product to the store . But I did keep the original packing and the pamphlet states if there problems with it to return it to the manufacturer . That 's exactly what I 'm going to do and on the form where it asks reason for return , I 'm simply going to state
 Even after reading the bad reviews , I decided to give this product the benefit of the doubt . I was completely disappointed !!! Especially since I was so excited at the thought of being to hear my babies heart beat on a regular basis as oppose to having to wait until the monthly doctor 's visits . I agree , save yourself the cash !!
 I borrowed this product from a friend who told me it did n't work . I was slim and 22 weeks pregnant , so I thought I should be able to hear something . Turns out the microphone is so sensitive , all other noises beat out any noise from baby ! I heard my finger joints move , the air conditioner turn on , and since you have to hold the button down the entire time , any hand movement is detected and hurts your ears ! Perhaps if I waited until 30 + weeks , I might have had better luck , but as an anxious Mommy , this product did n't deliver .
 Just to reiterate , this product is junk . we live in a quiet area so no car sounds , and we turn off the television . I am 28 weeks and nothing . I thought maybe I heard a faint sound , but it 's nothing like my doctor 's doplar sono that she uses to listen to the heartbeat and is pretty much worthless . The only thing I can hear is the sound of my own body . I strongly advise against purchasing this product .
 I bought this device when I was approximately 3 months along . I had no idea that it would not be of any use until around 4 or 5 months . This in itself lead to some disappointment when I brought it home . I have since -LRB- now 6 months pregnant -RRB- tried it 10 or so times all with no luck . I have not heard a single thing even coming close to a heartbeat and my child is very very active so I know it is there !! I would not recommend this product to anyone especially if you get let down very easily .
 I was so excited about this product and everything it promised that I bought it as soon as I could . Of course no where on the outside of the box does it tell you that you should be at least 5 months pregnant to hear the heartbeat -LRB- they do mention it in the instruction booklet once you 've opened everything -RRB- . So I had to wait about 4 weeks . I am now 8 months pregnant and have yet to hear the heartbeat no matter where I position the monitor or how still I lie . I can only pick up stomach noises and my own heartbeat . It 's very disappointing . As for the music aspect - the baby does n't require the microphone to hear so I 'm returning this product and using my regular stereo to play music to him - -LSB- money -RSB- is too much for something I can do for free and the money can better be spent on something that works .
 Okay , i was SO excited to buy this product . i bought it early on in my pregnancy and was disappointed to read that it would n't work for another couple of months . Granted i am able to hear my digestion real well , but i really was n't in the market for a `` digestion monitor '' . So i 've tried to use this product off and on , throughout my pregnancy . i 'm now 29 weeks -LRB- in my 7th month -RRB- and still can not hear anything but my digestion . i have arms and legs sticking out of my abdomen , but i can not hear a heartbeat at all !! very odd.we have found other uses for it though . we like to put it on the purring cat -- it really amplifies the sound , and we like to terrorize the dogs with it -- who for some reason are petrified w/this product -LRB- i guess i should have taken them shopping with me !! -RRB- another negative about this product is that if you buy it from somewhere else other than amazon.com -LRB- like i did -RRB- , they tell you that you can not return it to the store where you purchased it , you have to return it to the manufacturer . i was SO sure i 'd use this in a couple of months so i threw out all the information.a HUGE waste of $ !!!
 At first I thought it was neat what I was hearing . The gurgling sounds and kicks , until I put it on my husband and heard the same thing . I 'm almost positive he does not have a baby in his belly . Very dissapointed .
 I bought this product and it is sitting on my dining room table . First of all when you read the booklet it tells you that you should be 5 months pregnant or more . I am 4 months pregnant and I can not hear a thing and I do n't think that I will ever hear anything . My advice is wait for your prenatal appointments . This product is way too expensive and it is a waste of good money .
 This product does not work . I was glad that I was n't the only one not hearing my baby 's heartbeat . Pretty much everybody that I have spoken to who has encountered this piece of junk agrees that it does n't work . Those that have heard the heartbeat are lucky . Bebe Sounds should be ashamed for marketing something that does not live up to its expectations .
 I bought this product at 5 months of pregnancy expecting to hear my baby 's heartbeat . I am now in my 7th month and still can not hear anything except the thump of when my baby pushes on the monitor -LRB- which is kind of cute -RRB- . I am quite disappointed cuz I read all the directions and followed them to the T and I try listening every few days in an absolutely quiet room and nothing is heard by myself or my husband . I can hear my heartbeat when I test it - but not the baby 's . Its disappointing cuz I looked forward to hearing his heartbeat in between my prenatal visits - but now I go every 2 weeks , so at least its not a long wait anymore ! Wish I could return the product !! I do n't recommend this to anyone to purchase - first try it in the stores -LRB- if you can -RRB- to see if you get anything out of it . Wish I had the luck the other good reviewers had !
 I had purchased this monitor for my husband who insisted on having one . I was so excited to give it to him but the excitement didnt last long . Maybe if you are experienced and know what your listening to it could be enjoyable . But all you hear are your own stomach noises . I was tempted to bring it to one of my doctors appointments so he could shed some light onto what I was listening to but I was too embarrassed .
 After some difficulty we eventually got this gate to work correctly and with no problems . It had been keeping our 1-year-old daughter out of the kitchen as we intended . However , after about 4 weeks of use , we noticed that the front/top piece of wood had begun to snap and break on the right side , where there was a knot in the wood ! So , the gate kept our little one out of the kitchen , but it bevelled when she pushed on it and could have given her hands or her tongue splinters.I would n't buy this product for myself -LRB- it was a shower gift -RRB- and I am disappointed for the first time with an Evenflo product .
 We bought this gate to keep our puppy in the kitchen while we were away , and even at five months he could easily knock it down . The gate works well as a barrier , but does not stand up to much pressure . If you are looking for a sturdier gate , you may need to spend more money ...
 This gate is not bad overall but occationally it does n't want to stay in the doorway .
 These are not made like they used to be . The wood is thin , cheap grade , and frail . My wife tried to put it up when our grandson came to visit and it snapped on the very first try . Save your money and spread the word . Perhaps the company will learn they ca n't continue to sell inferior products to the people . Had to give it a one star because there are no negative stars . TRASH that will prevent me from purchasing any other Evenflo product unless I see it first hand so I can assess the quality or lack thereof . Amazon made the return simple so a hearty thanks for their help .
 This gate would not stay put snugly in the door . We tried a few different doorways with no luck . Had to return it .
 Even when fitting tightly against the doorway , this gate is not sturdy enough to keep my 11-month old son from pulling it down . He stands up and shakes it back and forth , and has many times either fallen forward or backward because the gate did n't stay put . I can only put it up for a few moments , because I do n't feel like he is safe . The other thing I do n't like about it is that it takes longer than I 'd like to get it positioned correctly . The wood is n't entirely straight , and my door frame does n't seem to be either , so it takes some wiggling to find a place where both the top and bottom are securely in place . For me , this is inconvenient because as soon as my son sees me putting up the gate , he zips over to it and begins shaking it to get out . This gate may work for small pets , but I would not recommend it for kids .
 This gate is easy for the dog to climb over . The same pressure gate with vertical bars is much more effective as long as your dog is n't small enough to squeeze through . Avoid theEvenflo G202 Position And Lock Gate - Clear Wood - White Meshor any with the `` mesh '' .
 This gate does serve its purpose normally but my 18 month old can pretty much get it down now . It does a number on paint . Has stripped my wall of paint in several places and also if your child gets ahold of it when it is not up , like mine did , he can put big gauges in the walls or cut himself on the metal part of the arm that locks the gate . Invest a little more money . . you will pay for buying this cheaper item .
 THIS IS THE POOREST DESIGN I HAVE EVER SEEN . I USED TO HAVE A PLASTIC GATE THAT LOCKED IN PLACE IN A FEW SECONDS . THIS ONE I STRUGGLE WITH FOR UP TO 5 MINUTES TRYING TO GET THE PANELS TO STAY IN THE TRACKS AND GET IT LOCKED IN THE RIGHT POSITION . DO N'T BUY THIS ONE !! I HATE IT AND AM SEARCHING FOR A WAY TO SEND IT BACK .
 So excited to get this . It works well , stays up nice and sturdy , small enough to step over easily , but tall enough to stymie our year old girl . But it always took -LRB- notice the use of past tense -RRB- me a couple of minutes to get the damn thing to lock every time . I put it in the right slot , and it always slipped out into another one . Then the metal brackets slip out when I 'm trying to lock the locking mechanism in place.Fortunately , my lovely wife snapped the locking bar in two less than a week after we got it . We went to Target and got a The First Years Safety Latch Gate -LRB- First Years Item #
 I found this gate very difficult to use , no matter how many times I did it . I do n't like that the notches are set so far apart . When I tried to use it in one doorway , one notch made the gate too big and the next made it too small . When it does actually fit in the doorway , it does seem to fit snugly . However , my son -LRB- who had just mastered climbing -RRB- made over the top in under 5 minutes . I do n't use this gate anymore .
 I bought the Evenflo Position & Lock Classic gate at Walmart a week ago . I wanted to use it in my side hallway to keep my cats from getting too close to the hall door and escaping through the garage when the door was open . -LRB- going in and out , bringing in groceries , etc -RRB- All I can say is ... it 's going back to Walmart . I paid $ 10 for it there , and should have given another $ 15 and bought the other one with the metal mesh.The problem I had with this gate was every time I tried to extend \ open it - one of the 2 sliding gates would come out of the brackets . I 'd get that one back in and the other one would come out . I spent 15 minutes trying to get both sliding frames back in the brackets at once . Soon as I 'd pick it up to place it - one or both of the gates fell out of the bracket.I tried mashing the brackets in a little - it just did n't do any good . Every time I tried to use it , it basically `` fell '' apart and I 'd spend more time than necessary trying to get it all back together in one piece . I got better things to do with my time than wrestle with a baby gate for 20 minutes to be able to use it.And they sell this for BABIES ? Unreal ! There 's better ways than this to manufacture a baby product . Evenflo use to be a good company . They seem to be cheaping out too .
 We bought this gate to put in a standard doorway between our kitchen and home office . I liked the inexpensive cost compared to other gates and it seemed like it would be easy to use . Either we received a defective gate or the design itself is flawed . Our doorway size was such that the gate 's metal locking hinge landed between two of the pre-cut grooves in the gate . Despite many efforts -LRB- including those of my engineer husband -RRB- we could not get the gate to lock at a length tight enough for the gate to stay in place . We will be returning this gate .
 This gate wo n't stay locked or secure . On the appropriate setting for my opening , I can push it right over pretty easily . -LRB- It 's at the top of the stairs too , so this is very dangerous -RRB- . If I tighten it one more notch , as soon as I push the bar down , it pops right back up . I 'm sorry I bought this one .
 No matter what we do , we can not get this item to stay firm against the wall . I can get it to secure against the wall , but put the slightest pressure against it and it moves.My little ones are determined . They knocked it over with very little effort.Don ' t purchase this item . The low cost is a disguise for its ineptness .
 I 'm very disappointed by this gate . I purchased it to enclose my dog in the kitchen . My current gate -LRB- Four Paws brand -RRB- is only 32 '' high and my dog jumps over it . So I decided to purchase this one to place on top , thus creating a 5-foot barrier.This gate feels flimsy and does n't fit properly , even on the same exact width setting as the Four Paws gate.I have a feeling this gate is going to break after a few uses . The price is cheap and so is the quality . I should 've bought another one by Four Paws for a few dollars more .
 When mounted at a tension that kept it firmly in the doorway , it put enough stress on the wood that it broke . We repaired it , and it broke in a new location . Get this product instead
 This gate holds up fairly well . Not difficult to use and pretty sturdy . Although , you can buy these at Wal-Mart for $ 10 !
 :-LRB- Had to run to the local Target for a replacement . Seemed to work well but was broken within the day .
 I bought this gate at Wal-Mart in order to block off a hallway to prevent my 14 month old son from getting himself into misadventures . The gate was exactly the wrong size for my hallway . I did get it into place and locked , but I could tap it over with a slight shove . It would have been no match for my baby . I could not exert enough force to get the gate into the next locking position -- perhaps if I had walls made of rubber . This gate can serve as a decorative barrier for a family with a minimalist aesthetic sense , but if you are like me and are trying to find a gate in order to protect the safety of your child , look elsewhere . I am going to take the gate back to Wal-Mart in the morning .
 did not fit in my doorway . the notches are too far apart . one was too loose and the next was too tight and snapped the bar right in half . I 'm glad I only paid ten dollars for it but that was still too much for junk I only used twice
 I purchased this gate a few years ago for my new 3wk old pug and she knocked it over amediately . Now that I have a son I might use it when he firsts starts to crawl but only long enough to find a good one because I know as soon as he starts trying to pull himself up it will not stay .
 We got this gate to lock our 25 pound puppy in the kitchen . It 's very flimsy and hard to lock into place . Our puppy can easily jump over it .
 This gate is not the gate pictured in the sale ad . There is no marker/placeholder for it . It 's your standard , run of the mill wooden folding gate .
 This gate * might * be okay if all you 're penning in is a 3lb lapdog and you plan on not taking it down . However , my poor little DS of 14 months knocked this thing down within an hour of my properly putting it up and banged his head . Thanks Evenflo . So I scrapped it and ordered a First Years Hands Free metal gate with a foot pedal - which also requires no drilling into the wall and is available on Amazon . This gate is strong and fantastic ! So my advice is pass on this Evenflo gate and spend a little extra to buy yourself peace of mind and safety for your child .
 Do not waste your money on this child gate . It will not lock in place and falls down at a mere touch . Seems like it would work but in reality it is a piece of junk !!!
 The gate was neede for upstairs and the instruction ststed that it is not recommended for that therfore defeating my purpose.Not What I Needed
 Buy a better gate . This one is useless . It 's not sturdy , and it wobbles . It can easily be pushed down .
 I was not very happy with the gates . They were not long enough for my stairs and are hard to position so that the gates stay in position . We had bought another type of Evenflo pressure gates at Walmart and had been happy with them . These did not hold up the same .
 when i got this gate i thought it was great . fast shipping and looks great . ive had it for a few weeks and the stick in the middle already cracked so i have to find another gate . wont be buying from this seller again .
 Owned one of these several years ago , and the quality has gone down drastically on the newer models . The wood is more flimsy . Ca n't lock the width in place . Bought one of these recently and tried to tighten it snugly in a doorway , and the wooden lever snapped in two . I had to throw it away the same day I received it . Cheap plastic grate . If you have base boards , this wo n't fit because the width between the base boards is different than the width between the walls higher up . Also , everytime you take the gate down , you lose the place of the width you had selected . If you do n't want to go to the hassle of taking the gate down , you have to climb over it , and that becomes a pain . Would recommend one of the more expensive metal gates that can open without having to remove the gate . You get what you pay for . Nuff said . Do n't expect this gate to last .
 This gate is not very high and the product is not sturdy at all . Not worth $ 20 . It seems like it will fall apart very easily .
 I bought two of these baby gates and they are pretty much useless . I ca n't get them to fit snugly in the doorways of my kitchen , maybe because the notches are too far apart and I ca n't get the needed width . Also , the wooden parts that stick out at the top and bottom make it impossible to secure in an opening that has a baseboard . Waste of my money .
 I bought this gate to keep my 9 mos old in the nursery for when I have to do little errands around the house . The way the notches are on the gate makes it nearly impossible to get a tight fit on our doorway . I have an older house so the doorway may not be standard . I have purchased another gate the evenflow crosstown soft portable travel gate to see if that will be any better .
 This gate is terrible . The wood is extremely low quality , the locking mechanism is annoying to use and barely creates a secure hold , and heaven forbid you ever accidentally let the two sides of the gate come apart , because you will never get the stupid thing back together .
 These gates are the bane of my existence and do not work well for pet gates . The latch bits break all the time . Spend more , buy a plastic one .
 I brought this gate to keep my then 16 week old chihuahua in certain areas with me . When he got to approx 4.5 lbs he jumped at it , knocked on it down and rode it down a flight stairs ! He was not hurt , but this is a baby gate , what would happen if a baby leaned up agaist it . I still use it because he knows it means `` stay in here '' but if he wants to he can knock it down ! I do n't recomend this for child nor dog
 Within 3 weeks , this thing broke . I ca n't figure out how to get the screws / latch back in the right way to make it slide or permanently stay in place . It 's lost it 's tension . I use it for a rabbit , but would n't recommend it for a kid .
 While odds are in your favor , using this -LRB- like bumper pads -RRB- could increase the risk of SIDS . But despite the warning from the doctor , I 'm giving it a low rating because I found it to be unnecessary . I have twins , they did share a crib , they stayed on their sides through at least four months . Then , when they start rolling around into each other it was time to get a second crib anyway . -LRB- Doctors and experts suggest separating twins at about four to five months . So , as a crib divider , this item was useless . I did use it as a prop to help support them in a sitting position for pictures , but I do n't think it was worth the money I spent .
 This seemed like an awesome product for me when I first bought it . But , I didnt really use it much with my twins . My boys slept in the same crib for about 4 months . At that time I used it in between them assuming one would disturb the other . But , it never happened like that . Since at 4 months they were not still mobile and they really didnt get into each other 's space . It seems like a great product but I did n't get much use from it . I paid $ 25 and it was not worth that much .
 I thought this looked like a great idea . And I 'm sure it is for some car seats in some cars . But with our Century infant car seat in our Subaru Outback , there is not enough belt in between the seat and the anchor -LRB- where you are supposed to put the Mighty-Tite , so I ca n't use it -- altho I have no reason to think it would not work well with other configurations .
 This device is NOT safe to use . Manufacturers of car seats never test their seats with the use of this device . Plus , there are absolutely NO FEDERAL STANDARDS for off-market products , so when it says `` meets all federal standards , '' well , they do-because there are none . These devices put too much pressure on your safety belt system and could tear the belt ! Even the tiniest fray in your seat belt could cause your car seat to be dislodged in an accident . Car seats are designed to be used only with the car 's safety belt system . No other products , including Tighter Tots , should be used . IT IS NOT SAFE ! They literally add thousands of pounds of pressure to your safety belt , which is designed to withhold only around 600 lbs . I am a Certified Child Passenger Safety Technician and took a 4 day class JUST on car seat safety to certify me to say the above . It is absolutely true . If you have been using this device , check your belt system . If there is a tear in your seat belt , you should replace it as the integrity of the belt is compromised . If something were to happen in an accident and you tried to blame the car seat manufacturer , they could claim no liability because you used this , or any other , off-market product .
 IM HORRIFIED TO SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE RELY ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK !!!! IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR CHILDREN YOU WILL TAKE THE TIME TO PROPERLY SECURE YOUR CHILDS CAR SEAT , NO MATTER HOW MUCH OF A PAIN IT IS ! IS TAKING 10 MINUTES EVERY NOW AND THEN TO PROPERLY INSTALL A CAR SEAT THAT MUCH OF A PROBLEM !? FOR THE SAKE OF YOUR CHILDREN TAKE THE TIME TO PROPERLY INSTALL YOUR CARSEATS . GET 2 ADULTS , ONE TO PUT WEIGHT IN THE CAR SEAT AND ONE TO CLIP THE BELT IN PLACE , ITS THAT SIMPLE PEOPLE ! SINGLE PARENT ? ASK A NEIGHBOR , THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR BEING LAZY WHEN IT COMES TO A CHILDS SAFETY!THERE ARE REASONS WHY THIS PRODUCT HAS SO MANY BAD REVIEWS . AND IT IS NOT BECAUSE TECHS ARE AFRAID OF LOSING THEIR JOBS ! THEIR JOB IS TO MAKE SURE CHILDREN AND ADULTS ARE SAFE . NO , IM NOT A SAFETY TECH , JUST A CONCERNED MOTHER WITH COMMON SENSE ! DO YOURSELF AND YOUR CHILD A FAVOR THROW THIS PIECE OF JUNK IN THE TRASH.I HAVE SEEN FIRST HAND THE DAMAGE THIS PRODUCT CAN DO TO YOUR SEATBELTS . THE OTHER REVIEWS DO N'T LIE . DO N'T BELIEVE ME , TRY ASKING YOUR LOCAL REPAIR SHOP IF THEY RECOMMEND USING THIS DEVICE . CHANCES ARE YOU WONT FIND ONE THAT THINKS ITS A GOOD IDEA . HHMMMMMMMMM I WONDER WHY !
 I have been trained in car seat checks . I strongly do not recommend this product . It gives you a false sense of tightness . It stretches the seat belt and could malfunction in a car crash . Safety belts loose some of their strength after being stretched . The safety restraint coalition advises against most after market product add-ons . Your child is less safe with this product . Put it in the proper place - in the trash .
 THIS PODUCT IS DANGEROUS !!! THIS HAS NOT BEEN CRASH TESTED AND CAN OVER TIGHTEN YOUR SEAT BELT !!! IF YOU ARE HAVING A PROBLEM GETTING YOUR CAR SEAT IN YOUR CAR SECURELY BRING YOUR CAR TO A CAR SEAT INSPECTION STATION . . CHECK WITH YOUR LOCAL POLICE DEPARTMENT FIRE DEPARTMENT OR -LSB- local store -RSB- FOR INSPECTION STATIONS NEAR YOU . I CAN NOT ENFORCE THIS ENOUGH DO NOT USE THIS OR ANY OTHER AFTER MARKET PRODUCT !!! IF IT CAME WITH YOUR CAR SEAT WHEN IT CAME OUT OF THE BOX ITS SAFE , IF NOT DONT USE IT !!!! GO TO -LSB- URL -RSB- FOR MORE INFO . PS I COULDNT GIVE IT ZERO STARS OR I WOULD HAVE
 First of all , I give complement to all the parents who are honestly trying to keep their children as safe as possible.I am a car seat saftey inspector by trade . If you investigate this product enough , you will find that it has not been tested in a crash . I have seen parents try to use them and from what I can guess , they will not hold the belt tight in a crash . I have not run accross a car seat yet that needs some extra device to get it tight enough.Please read about everything you by for your car . It must say it has been tested in a crash , or it is just unsafe to use . If you are having trouble getting the car seat tight on your own you can go to NHTSA.com and find a list of child seat safety inspector in your area . They can help you get it just right.I beg you to please do more reading on what you by your child . After all , what is more important than your child 's saftey .
 First off , this may have been crash tested , but since there are currently no regulations and no standards for it to meet , anything can say it meets the current standards . A piece of duct tape could claim the same thing . The biggest problem with this is that is winds all the seatbelt up in it . In a crash , if it breaks -LRB- which it very likely might do -RRB- , your seat will be VERY loose at the exact instant you need it to be very tight.I have seen this item shred vehicle seat belts , cut through seatbelts -LRB- that would be fun in a crash -RRB- , and jam seatbelts so they are no longer usable.If you ca n't get your seat in tight without an extra device -LRB- that most car seat manufacturers specifically say NOT to use -RRB- you are n't doing it right . If you seat gets loose after a few days , you are n't doing it right . If to get a correct fit , you need a device like this , either the car seat is incompatible with your car or , you guessed it , you are n't doing it right . In any of these cases , go see a certified child passenger safety technician . Yes , they have 4 days of training and that is enough to know how to install seats . If 4 days of training is n't enough , why would someone think one $ 15 device can solve everything ? Get information from people who are educated specifically on car seats . You can find information on this at www.nhtsa.dot.gov .
 There is a review on this site saying the reason CPSTs do n't recommend this is because then we 'd be out of a job . No , the reason we do n't recommend these is because they 're unsafe and do more harm than good.The instructions for this product actually negate the use of it . It says `` instsall per carseat manufacturer 's instructions '' and then put this on afterwards . If you install the seat following the manufacturer 's directions not only will you not need this product , you 'll also note that it says not to add after market products to your seat.Hrm.I 'm one CPST who wo n't be losing their job by this product flying off the shelves . I 'm a volunteer who pays for my travel , training and certification out of my own pocket . And I still do n't like the Mighty Tite.If you are having trouble getting your carseat installed correctly , contact a technician in your area . They can be found via the Safe Kids website www.safekids.org or through NHTSA www.nhtsa.gov most will more than happy to meet with you and help you learn to install your seat safely and correctly and without the use of an aftermarket product such as this .
 Something like this is a great idea , but when I called to ask the fire dept. to inspect my car . They said not to add any after-market things to car seats or seat belts . The firefighter said this could weaken the seat belt over time and it may break in a crash . They also said that the headrest for the infant seat was dangerous because it adds more room between baby and the seat , which may cause the baby to be injury seriously in an accident.I took both out of my car . The mighty tite is just collecting dust . I have no plans of using it or giving it away . If I ca n't find a use for it , I 'll probably throw it away . The headrest is in the bouncer or the swing . They are great for around-the-house everyday use .
 Please do not buy this product . It will definitely get your seat belt tight , but there is NO evidence that it will hold in a crash . This product has not been crash tested , and there have been anecdotal reports of it popping open in a crash.Your car 's seat belt WILL get tight enough to hold your child 's car seat in properly without any aftermarket products like this one . If it does n't , then you either have a problem with your seat belts , or your child 's car seat is not a good fit for your particular car . Take it to your local police station and ask for a certified child safety seat inspector . They will install your carseat for you and you wo n't have to worry about it.Those of you who have bought this product are obviously concerned about your child 's safety , so please do more research on this product yourself or simply take my word for it and avoid any product that claims to `` improve '' the fit of your child 's car seat . Take your car , car seat , and child to a certified child safety seat inspector instead and let them install your seat and make sure you 're putting your child into the seat correctly.I hope all your babies stay safe and sound !
 This product has FRAYED my seat belts in my car and those of my friends . After contacting the vehicle manufacturer - I must get my seat belts replaced ... as whose 's cost - Mighty Tite sure is n't going to pay for it . There is such as thing as `` over-tightening '' and this product is not regulated by the government and the fraying and deformations it made in my seat belt actually compromises the integrity of the seat belt . DO NOT BUY OR USE THIS PRODUCT ! I give this product ZERO stars .
 I just had to replace the rear seatbelt in my car because this gadget stressed the gyro so badly it jammed . My mechanic tells me that seatbelts are one time use items and need to be replaced after use in a car accident , like car seats , but the only thing that was even near that seatbelt was this thing . It causes extreme stress on the seat belt mechanism . They should take this off the market . I plan to complain to the CPSC about this .
 I had my car seat with the Mighty Tite inspeccted by the national SAFE KIDS campaign . They said i HAD to remove the Mighty Tite . The inspector said , `` They interfere with the way the seat fits and can BREAK your seat belt in the event of an accident . '' The only thing they did is remove the Mighty Tite . It is unconscionable that they make this product and that stores sell it . It says on the box that it adheres to Federal regulations - there are NO federal regulations for this type of product . RETURN THIS ASAP !
 warning about the Mighty Tite
 I have heard from Safety Techs that this product gives an unfounded feeling of security to parents , and , even when used according to its directions , can allow the seat to be dangerously loose in a crash . It can even damage the seat belt . Please get your seat checked professionally and learn how to install it right . This ` helper ' is n't the kind you need .
 I received the mighty-tite as a gift and thought it was an awesome gaget . Unfortunately during a fireman inspection of our infant car seat at my church we learned that this seat belt tightener has never been crash tested . The fireman said they do n't have enough information to know if it is even safe during a collision . Once we learned how to properly install our seat we realized that we did n't need this gaget .
 I got this because so many people suggested that I should . Then I went to the CHP to get my car seat installation checked out . They said Do n't use it . The manufacturers have to check out their car seats thru all kinds of crash tests , and they do n't test with other products like this . Just with your seat belt . So all this does is introduce another thing that could go wrong and has n't been tested when you most need it to go right . If you are concerned about your car seat , get the CHP to check it out - it 's free ! Go to http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov/ and on the left is Child Seat Inspections and it will give you way to find an inspector close to you , since not everyone lives in California . : - -RRB-
 We bought one of these when my son was a newborn -LRB- 21/2 years ago -RRB- because we were concerned about his safety and took his seat to have it inspected at the hospital . They told us that these are not recommended and can be dangerous because they can come unlatched . Car seat manufacturers do n't recommend them either . We had no problems getting his car seat installed tightly without this gimmick !
 I had this installed on our car seat thinking it was a great product . I then went to a car seat check point and was told by the technician checking the seat that these were very dangerous . They removed it and got the seat just as tight without it . Highly recommned not buying . If you take your car seat to most fire stations or police stations -LRB- call ahead -RRB- , most are happy to assist in getting the seat in correctly and snugly !!!
 I have used the Mighty Tite with my son -LRB- who is now 10 -RRB- but would not use it with my daughter -LRB- now 4 -RRB- . Seat belts are sewn with a small bit of slack built in . When you look at a seat belt , there is a label that says , `` If you can read this label , then this seat belt should be replaced . '' -LRB- or something to that affect . -RRB- The Mighty Tite 's pressure on my '92 Miata 's seat belt made this label visible . It is possible to overtighten and hinder your seat belt 's ability to do its job . `` Rip stitching is used on seat belts in conjunction with an air bag and seat belt pre-tensioners . During a collision the pre-tensioners initially pull the seat belt tight , however the stitching gradually tears to allow the occupant to move forward into the air bag at a controlled rate.For safety reasons , these belts must be replaced once they have had their stitching ripped . Manufacturers generally fit warning labels within the fold to indicate the belt is to be replaced when the label is revealed . '' -LSB- ... -RSB-
 As a Child Passenger Safety Technician I must say this is a great idea but not the ideal product . This product is not tested for safety . All child restraints and additional products are tested by the Nation Highway and Traffic Safety Administration and this is not . Just remember we are all looking out for the safety of our children . If you are having problems installing your car seats or even have questions please go to NHSTA . com to find a technician near you .
 Parents , please think twice before you buy this product ! Ask any carseat technician , and they will tell you it is an untested product that could fail at any moment . If it happens to fail during a crash , it would be like you had not even buckled the seat in . It really is n't that hard to get a tight fit without this product . If for some reason you can not , then take your seat to a carseat checkup - it could be you need a locking clip , which the Mighty-Tite does NOT replace , or your seat may be incompatible with your car -LRB- yes , it does happen ! -RRB- I had one in my car that ruined my seatbelts . Had I not had my seat checked and been in a crash , my daughters seat would have come flying out of the car . Do n't make the same mistake .
 We bought this product thinking it would be a good choice for our sons car seat . Before we used it we went to a car seat event and found out this product and other after market products -LRB- products that do not come with your seat -RRB- are not tested . We were told it has the potential to be a good product but that it can be tightened too much causing the lever to break or it to get stuck on your belt . My advise get your childs seat professionally installed and only use what comes with your seat !!!
 First of all , i got this product hopeing it would help . I could never get the seatbelts tight enough to securely hold my daughters carseat . WHEN i got this thing , i thought this is great ! OH HOW WRONG I WAS ! THIS PRODUCT IS DANGEROUS AND SHOULD BE TAKEN OFF THE MARKET . Came to find out that this wonderful product had stretched the seatbelts in both my car and my husbands , making them UNSAFE FOR ANYONE TO USE . We spent over 1,000 dollars because we had to replace 3 seatbelts in our cars ! but the WORST THING ABOUT IT IS THE DEALER TOLD ME THAT THEY HAD TO REPLACE A NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS SEATBELTS AFTER THEY HAD USED THIS PRODUCT . DONT TAKE MY WORD FOR IT
 I purchased this product in hopes it would make it possible to position my child car seat in the middle because the seat belt never would tighten enough . After installing it , I was amazed at the snug , `` mighty tight '' fit of the car seat . Proud of my new discovery , I drove to the State Patrol to get my installation double-checked . There I was told that this product is unsafe because it has n't been tested on every car seat , it could damage the seat belt , and it could break in an accident causing excess slack . The officer also explained that while the product has undergone testing , it has NOT passed many of the standards . Sure enough , those savvy marketing personnel claim `` Mighty-Tite has undergone rigorous testing ... '' but never claims to have passed any of these tests . While on the point of false marketing claims , I think it takes longer than 10 seconds to install . While the snug fit still tempts me , I must listen to those who are more informed concerning car seat safety . The thought that counts just does n't cut it when it comes to a child 's safety . Please inform yourself before making the decision to purchase this item !
 I ordered this product for my son 's carseat thinking that it would make his seat extra safe . The day after I ordered it , I read an Article in American Baby Magazine that stated products such as these have been shown to dislodge from the seatbelt in high impact collisions . Needless to say , I will be returning both of my Mighty-Tite 's as soon as they arrive .
 Hi-We bought the Mighty Tite belt tightener for our infant seat . We thought we were doing a good thing by adding security to the infant seat . When our son grew into a toddler seat , we unbuckled the seat belt and removed the Mighty Tite . To our surprise , it had begun to damage our seat belt , and completely defeating its purpose ! We were advised by our city police to remove the Mighty Tite and NOT use it . They said a locking clip is just as effective , and not going to ruin our seatbelt . Think about your child 's safety and risk before you decide to buy it .
 This product is a very nice looking item . I bought it thinking that it would help me get my child 's car seat in tighter than I can already get it in . When I had a meeting with a Texas State Trooper named Lonnie I found that they are actually very unsafe . They do , indeed , get the seatbelt on very tight as they advertise . But , that is where the problem is . I found out that it is actually stretching the seatbelt before it needs to be stretched in an accident . Thus , the seatbelt is unable to do it 's job properly in an actual auto accident . Please , just use great caution when using after market products to secure a carseat .
 following the guide that came with your car seat eliminates the need for this device . Basically I put my knee in the center of the car seat and put about half my weight into the car seat , tighten the belt and poof I am done ... this widget does basically that , but consumer reports and other similar organizations/agencies concur it is a waste of money .
 Be sure to check your car seat manual before you use this product , as using it , or any other seatbelt tightener , may damage your seat and void your warranty . If you need help installing your carseat , please visit a Child Passenger Safety Technician , rather than risking your child 's life with an aftermarket product that has not been tested with your car or your car seat .
 I had bought the Mighty Tite bacause I thought it would enhance the safety of my son 's carseat . However , a police officer informed me that it actually hindered the function of the car seat . It seems that it FAILED the safety tests because it breaks apart in an accident . For the sake of your child , please do not use it and visit your local PD to help install the seat .
 This item should never be used . Any Child Safety Seat Technician Instructor will tell you ... if it does n't come with the seat , DONT use it . The locking clip that comes with the seat will do the EXACT SAME THING ... no need to purchase anything else . If you have misplaced a locking clip , most car dealerships will offer them free of charge . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 This item is dangerous . It weakens your seatbelt , and is not recommended by any credible safety group . Unlike car seats , this item was not tested by the government . Your child 's car seat can be installed safely and tightly without this dangerous item .
 i bought this product to install my infant seat in a 2001 Saturn with a shoulder harness seat belt . It ended up getting stuck on the belt and I had to tak the car to Saturn to get it removed . I thought I was going to need a new seat belt.Today I brought my car to the local fire dept to have the seat installed and was informed that this product is DANGEROUS . They said it 's never benn crashed tested and it actually puts too much pressure on your seat belt and can cause the belt to snap in an accident . They installed the seat using the regular locking clip that comes with it , although they said it was n't totally necessary , but it made me feel safer.I 'm delivering my second baby tomorrow morning and I feel better knowing I 'll be bringing her home safely . The Mighty-Tite getting stuck on my belt was a blessing in disguise .
 I work at a baby store where we sell the might tite seat belt ratchet . Now for the life of me I can not see why people would think that this product is safe . If installing your carseat is so impossible that you have to use aftermarket devices to try to insure your childs safety you are wrong . Now keep in mind that these devices are not NHTSA certified and do not go through any crash tests . Which means that by using this device to install carseats you will be technically installing your carseat wrong . You will become among the 95 % of people in this country installing carseats incorectly . Is n't your childs life more important than cutting a few corners to install their carseats a little easier . Would n't you want to have the peace of mind that your carseat is installed properly , go to a certified technition to get it installed , do n't cut any corners .
 The Mighty Tite is a completely unnecessary , and potentially harmful , product.If you can not get a good fit by yourself -LRB- and any parent is capable of installing a seat , you do NOT have to be a tech or ask a tech to do it -RRB- , do not count on this device to `` fix '' a faulty installation . Mighty Tite claims to meet government standards . But the standard it lists refers only to carseats , and does not address aftermarket products such as this at all . So there is no way it could actually `` meet '' the standard it references . In fact , the instructions for the Mighty Tite tell you to use it only with a `` properly installed '' seat . But if you can install your seat properly , there is no need to use the Mighty Tite at all.Some experts suggest it could actually damage either your carseat or your seatbelt . I have heard several reports of carseat techs finding cracked seats or torn seatbelts after use of the Mighty Tite.Some carseats are just incompatible with certain cars . If you can not get a good tight fit - 1 inch of movement or less -LRB- check at the beltpath , not at the top of the seat -RRB- - your seat may simply not work with your car . Try a different seat , or try a different position , but please do NOT try this product .
 This product is not recommended by ANY nationally certified Car Seat Technician . It can cause too much stress on your seatbelt which makes it where your seatbelt does n't work properly in a crash . If you are having trouble installing your car seat google child passenger safety techncians to find one near you or check with your local Fire , Police , or EMS .
 I am a CPS Technician and from all the training i have recieved you should NOT use ANY aftermarket accessory with your child seat . If you are unable to attain a good fit take your seat and your vehicle to a CPS checkstation and have your seat installed by a certified CPS Technician .
 I am a certified child passenger safety tech and these are not safe in anyway . These companies are not regulated by the government and do not have to meet crash safety standards NHTSA has in place . They put a little saying on the side saying they are recommended by pediatricians and so and so . It does n't matter what it says . This is an aftermarket product and should never be used when installing a car seat . The Mighty Tite can not stand up to crash forces during a crash and will break off the seat beat . It can even rip the seat belt apart . With either of these things happening then your child and car seat are not protected in any way.If you ca n't get your seat properly installed please go the www.safekids.org and find a local car seat tech to help you install your seat properly .
 This product has n't been tested and is unsafe . If you ca n't get your seat in tight , bring it to a carseat safety check . There is people all over the US that are carseat techs . Check with your local police and fire departments .
 I 'm a carseat technician thru NHTSA and this is a product that we do not recommend and ask parents not to use when they come to our car seat clinics . The reason ? This is an aftermarket product which means it has not been tested by the government and we do not know how it will stand up in a crash . Car seat clinics are held nationally and we will be happy to show you correct installation of carseat using your seatbelts .
 I bought this thinking it 'd help get the carseat in tighter but it did NO SUCH THING . The car seat was in looser than before . This is definitely going back to the store !
 ... Parents , the best way to protect your child in a crash is to have a PROPERLY installed , properly used carseat . Please do not rely on aftermarket products such as the Mighty-Tite when it comes to something as important as your child 's life . The false sense of security that you get when you purchase this product - is just that . Either keep your money in your pocket or buy something truly useful with it -LRB- like double-fudge chocolate brownies or skinny cow frozen treats - depending on what kind of week you are having -RRB- and visit your local Child Passenger Safety Technician for help with your carseat installation problems .
 I found this to be difficult to use and it never got the car seats tight enough . I took them both back and feel much safer using the old fashioned locking clips . The locking clips always get my car seats in tight with no room to move .
 Do n't buy this . It 's not safe , can cut your seatbelt , and kill your child.You need to get a good install without this dangerous product .
 This device cut the seatbelt completely off in a auto accident . T-boned at about 25mph and it ripped seatbelt causing the carseat to be thrown . Thankfully no major injuries . This device will damage your seatbelt .
 As a child-passenger safety technician , I cringe whenever I see a product that helps parents circumvent proper seat installation ! If a seat is installed properly , using the correct technique , this item is not necessary . Most instructions tell you to `` put your knee '' into the seat & show a picture of an adult standing in front of the seat with their knee in it . WRONG ! Put your WHOLE BODY WEIGHT into the seat ! The 40 lb . weight limit is not for the plastic shell 's weight capacity , it is for the shell 's capacity for the straps to not break through the plastic upon impact with a 40 # child in it . I 'm almost 200 # in full police gear & have n't stressed a seat yet ! Also , please DO NOT use a rolled up towel to obtain the 45 degree angle for rear-facing seats . When needed , Techs will use a section of foam `` pool noodles , '' -LRB- sometimes 2-3 taped together with strapping tape -RRB- . This provides a more solid spacer . Even these are not usually necessary & the seat can be held in place with proper placement and tension , but parents usually `` feel '' better with the spacers . -LRB- It 's a psych thing -RRB- If a tech does their job right , YOU will be able to install the seat in almost any vehicle . YOU should ALWAYS be the last one to put the seat in at a seat check , not the Tech . Not only to mitigate liability for the tech , but to demonstrate to the tech that he/she has done their job right and you can at least install the seat properly in the vehicle you brought with the seat ! To check for tightness , grab the seat at the area of the vehicle belt path and try to move it . If it does not shift/slide sideways or pull away from the vehicle seat -LRB- 1 '' max limit , but I prefer a `` zero tolerance '' approach -RRB- , it 's tight . For leather -LRB- and some slippery fabrics -RRB- , a piece of rubber shelf liner between the car seat & vehicle seat , will take out the slip . Another tip
 We bought this for safety , and then had to have it removed by the fire department , after calling the customer service department for the product who could not help and said I was the first call about this . We couldnt get it off and was told by the fire department who installs car safety seat that this was not a good product and they have removed several of these .
 As a nationally certified Child Passenger Safety Technician -LRB- CPST -RRB- , I have completed the standardized course consists of 32 hours of classroom & hands-on training , numerous skills assessments & written test to obtain certification . I also keep up-to-date with the most current safety information available . CPST 's are recertified every 2 years with a refresher and a skills assessment by a team of instructors . The majority of CPST 's are community volunteers . While some are safety professionals , often the majority of the CPS portion of their job is outside of work hours.This product is not recommended for several reasons . ** It is an aftermarket product ! ** A 2002 CRS -LRB- child restraint system -RRB- misuse survey states `` Other CRS misuse problem areas were also observed . They included ... presence of aftermarket devices . '' ** Seatbelts are designed to have some `` give '' to the webbing . This helps with the ride down of crash forces which reduces injuries in a crash . ** Use of this device WILL damage seatbelts . Call your vehicle manufacturer and ask them if they recommend using this product . The answer will almost definitely be NO . ** It most likely will not withstand crash forces and WILL become a projectile which could injure the child or other occupants.For more information on this and other Child Passenger Safety topics , visit the National Highway Transportation and Safety Administration 's website at http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov-----Please note that not all firefighters , police officers , doctors , nurses , or EMTS are certified in Child Passenger Safety ! Ask if the person is currently certified when seeking advice ! -----
 This goes against the manufacturers instructions for both the child safety seat and the automobile . This product is unnnecessary and can actually cause damage . Overtightening a seatbelt can damage your childs safety seat and it can also cut the automobile seatbelt . Both of those things can cause severe injury or death to your child . I am a certified car seat technician and I would never , ever , buy this product .
 I am a certified Child Passenger Safety Instructor for over 10 years . These are NOT safety tested and can void all warranties for the automobile and carseat . You auto insurance may also claim that you used an unapproved product . The government has strict standards for carseats to pass crash tests FMVSS 213 . If the product does not have that stated on the product then it can be more of a danger . If you can not install a carseat with less than 1 '' of movement , you may need to move it to another seating position , get another seat or contact a Certified Child Safety technician in your area . -LRB- NHTSA , Highway Patrol , Police , Fire Dept , Health Dept , -RRB- Keep them seated and buckled .
 I have used and loved this product until today when I stopped at a child safety seat clinic . The technician at the clinic said that this product is VERY unsafe and can cause your seat belt to stretch and possibly snap during a collision . She also said it can ruin your car seat by making the seat belt too tight and stressing the plastic . I have recommended this product to all of my friends , but now I am letting them all know to stop using it ! The technician said that this product actually voids your car seat , and your car 's , warranty . If your seat belt snapped and your child was injured during a collision , you would have no recourse if you were using one . She showed me how to properly tighten the seat belt and avoid it loosening by twisting the part that it snaps into . If you are using this product , I would STOP NOW ! If you are planning on buying one , I would not . Sure they are really great at getting the seat belt tight , but apparently they are too good to be true !
 I would have to say that when I first got the mighty tite I was pleased and could not believe how secure it made my daughters car seat . However I changed my opion when I discovered that the mighty tite was stretching my cars seat belt ! Yes it actually strecthed the belt in my car and my husbands car as well . A friend of mine that purchased this discoverd about a week later that her seat belt mount had been ripped off the side of the car , making her childs seat very unsafe . It cost my husband and I $ 400.00 to replace the 2 seat belts in our cars . The dealer said that when cars seat belts are stretched like that the seat belt could give way and snap in a collision . my friend had to spend $ 600.00 to have her seat belt mounts replaced . We followed the directions and WERE USING THE PRODUCT CORRETLY . When I contacted the company they acted like this was the first time they had heard of this problem and tried to blame the car manufactures for faulty seat belts , which I might of believed had they all been the same car . I have spoken with several other people in my daughter 's playgroup that had similar things happen while using this product . I would recommend staying away from this product and using common sense and your local fire department.note
 The Mighty Tite , contrary to other posts , does not meet NHTSA crash standards because there are NO standards for these types of products . This after-market product is not needed to make a car seat tight . I 've been a NHTSA child passenger safety technician for 4 years and have NEVER needed to use anything like this -LRB- I am an average size female with little upper-body strength . -RRB- There is potential for this product to come off of the seatbelt in a crash posing a serious projectile hazard to you and your child . Additionally , if it comes off , it will introduce A LOT of slack into the seatbelt system making the car seat incredibly loose in the crash and nullifying any `` protection '' you thought it was providing . Go to www.nhtsa.dot.gov to find a car seat technician near you for help installing your seat . If a technician tells you it 's OK to use the Mighty Tite you should go to a different tech because the first one is giving you false and potentially unsafe information .
 Product is trash ... Belts are still loose . Save yourself the money and go to your local fire station and let them install your car seat for you.Your child will thank you for it , if a situation goes south ...
 You may think that this product is getting your seat in tightly and safely , but you are wrong . This product gets your seat in too tight and damages your seatbelt . With a damaged seat belt , there will be no portection for your child in a crash.I am a Certified Car Seat Technician and this is considered an `` aftermarket '' or `` non-regulated '' product . This means that the car seat was not tested for safety with this product on it . There is no way to tell how the product will react in a crash.If the product comes off the seatbelt during a crash , you will have a projectile floating about in your car likely hitting you and your child . When you are in a crash , you multiply your speed times the weight of the projectile to get its force . Consider 35 pounds of force hitting your child . Does that seem safe to you?You must also consider your ease of use vs. your child 's safety . Is 10 minutes to make sure the seat is in tightly worth the possibility of this malfunctioning?The biggest mistake most people make when putting in a car seat is not putting weight into it when installing it . Put your foot , hand , knee , etc. into the seat when installing it . This takes out the extra air in the car 's seat and gives you a tight fit.I understand that car seat instructions can be confusing , but seek out a certified tech to help . Most Health Departments and Police Departments have Certified Techs who would be happy to educate you on the easiest and safest ways to install a car Seat.Please do not buy this product and if you already own it , please stop using it -- for the sake of your child and yourself ...
 I had my carseat checked today and the cps techs said that this is a bad device and can crack and hurt babies , ruin your car belts , ect . . PLEASE DO NOT USE !!! i USED THIS FOR 8 MONTHS , YES IT WORKED WONDERFULLY , BUT IS DANGEROUS ... NEVER WOULD OF FORGIVEN MYSELF IF HURT MY CHILD . I GAVE IT TO THEM TO USE AS AN EXAMPLE . THEY GOT MY CARSEAT IN SO TIGHT WITHOUT THE USE OF THIS MIGHTY TIGHT . tHIS ITEM SHOULD BE RECALLED . : - -LRB-
 i bought this product to install my infant seat in a 2001 Saturn with a shoulder harness seat belt . It ended up getting stuck on the belt and I had to tak the car to Saturn to get it removed . I thought I was going to need a new seat belt.Today I brought my car to the local fire dept to have the seat installed and was informed that this product is DANGEROUS . They said it 's never benn crashed tested and it actually puts too much pressure on your seat belt and can cause the belt to snap in an accident . They installed the seat using the regular locking clip that comes with it , although they said it was n't totally necessary , but it made me feel safer.I 'm delivering my second baby tomorrow morning and I feel better knowing I 'll be bringing her home safely . The Mighty-Tite getting stuck on my belt was a blessing in disguise .
 I received this as a shower gift and thought it was great . I installed it and used this until my daughter was 7 weeks old . Then I went to a car seat clinic . I was told that this item is very dangerous because it make the seat belt TOO tight and makes the seat belt not work as it 's naturally intended , with a little bit of stretch . In an accident , it can make the seat belt actually snap apart , causing your baby/child to be flung around in the cab of the vehicle -LRB- in their seat -RRB- . Although the packaging makes it sound as if it 's been through testing , it has not been approved for safe use .
 I purchased this item thinking it would be great for installing a car seat properly and tightly . When I took my vehicle in for a car seat check . I was told by a highway patrol officer and a car seat specialist that these are not safe and they threw it in the trash . Properly installed , a car seat should be able to be installed tight enough not to need this unsafe item . Your childs life should be the main priority here , not how quickly a car seat can be installed . This item should be removed from the market .
 After 2 uses with this product , and not reading the reviews until today , I am THANKFUL that Graco is replacing my infant seat base . This caused stress marks , and it was n't nearly as tight as it could have been ! Graco has advised me to discard the base I currently own , and use the seat without the base until my new one arrives . I 'm calling Britax about my other car seat now.It is in no way Graco 's problem that my base is damaged . No Way . As soon as I said the words `` Mighty Tite , '' the woman said `` Oh , I hate those things . We 're going to send you out a new base , free of charge . Please destroy what is left of your current base , cut the LATCH out , remove the foot , and take a sharpie to it before recycling it . Make sure it is very obvious that it is not to be used . `` THAT is how this product is viewed . The CAR SEAT company is sending out FREE replacement parts due to the DAMAGE this thing causes .
 For all car seat manufacturers , use of aftermarket products , including seatbelt tighteners , will release the company from liability should anything go wrong . Save yourself the money and go see a Child Passenger Safety Technician and learn tips and tricks for installing carseats properly.This product may have been tested in its own lab , but that does not mean it has been tested with the seat you are using . If you would like to know whether it 's a good idea to use , then call your car seat 's manufacturer and ask them directly if they approve of this product .
 I got this for a shower gift . I kept it until a few days later when I went to babiesrus and saw the price . Wow !! A week before my baby was born , I had a perfessional install it . I did the same when I switched to a toddler carseat . As I am not a person who would be taking my child 's carseat in an out of the car -LRB- I 've done it probably 3 times in his 2 year lifespan -RRB- , I would have used it 3 times . That much , for three times . Also , I asked the installer who told me it was not reccomended by them personally . It was actually even more expensive when I got it .
 I work at a baby store where we sell the might tite seat belt ratchet . Now for the life of me I can not see why people would think that this product is safe . If installing your carseat is so impossible that you have to use aftermarket devices to try to insure your childs safety you are wrong . Now keep in mind that these devices are not NHTSA certified and do not go through any crash tests . Which means that by using this device to install carseats you will be technically installing your carseat wrong . You will become among the 95 % of people in this country installing carseats incorectly . Is n't your childs life more important than cutting a few corners to install their carseats a little easier . Would n't you want to have the peace of mind that your carseat is installed properly , go to a certified technition to get it installed , do n't cut any corners .
 I used to use these and thought they were the best idea ever . They made it possible to easily tighten any carseat into any seatbelt that did not provide LATCH which was a newer thing then . Then I was in an accident with my two toddlers . I was driving a newer Honda Accord , not some crappy beater . We hit another car head-on going 55 + mph . We were thankfully not seriously injured but after examining my car afterward , I noticed that right above where the Mighty Tite held the seatbelt was a small rip in the car 's seatbelt . I am not confident that had the accident involved more force than our did such as rolling or hitting something else following initial impact , that the seatbelt would not have completely ripped through , thus throwing my son in his carseat around the interior or out the window . So I can no longer recommend these . I feel that the continued tightening/releasing/re-tightening and overtightening placed stress on the car 's seatbelt .
 I bought the Mighty Tite seat belt tightener after the one that comes with the carseat was left in granny 's van . I have a '98 Altima and the seat is in the middle . First of all the tightener does n't tighten the seatbelt enough . You can still wiggle the base to the left and right about 11/2 '' each way . Secondly , the tightener is as tight as it will go and the base is like the Leaning Tower of Piza . When looking in the front of the car the carseat leans severely to the side where the tightener is located . Plus , the tightener has created a huge space where the seatbelt comes out of the seat . Would n't recommend this one .
 I purchased this product recently and wish I had not . I got home with it ready to install . For my car seat , I have to use a locking clip , which evidentally means I need to follow a different set of installation instructions . According to the instruction pamphlet , these special instructions are available at the company 's web site . I am not sure why they could not have included them in the pamphlet . After a long search , I found nothing on their web site about installing the product using a locking clip . So , not only do I not know the proper way to install this product , but now that I have done more research , I see that the product may not be as safe as claimed .
 WE purchased 2 of these items 1 for each car . We took our cars to be inspected yesterday and 2 separate inspectors removed them from our cars . We have been told that they have not been certified as safe and should not be used with the car seat . The officer inspecting my car informed me that all inspectors are trained to remove the product when checking the seat and they do not reconmend using the Mighty Tighty . Please have your seat inspected and installed properly before buying this product . We bought ours an the advise of the sales associate at the store and now I am sorry I did . I bought it to make my child safer but anything that is not certified to got with the car seat actually puts the child at risk because no one knows how it will react in a crash .
 DO N'T use this product ! It has not been crash tested , and may actually work against the safety of your car seat .
 I was set to install a carseat with this until a tech informed me that it 's an aftermarket item and is n't subject to testing . It pulls the seatbelt tightly enough that it could actually weaken it . More importantly , it gives the parent a false sense of security . This item is n't recommended by a LOT of carseat techs and again , is not subject to testing by NHTSA or anyone . Aftermarket manufacturers can make any claim they want and not have to back it up . Think twice before you buy this .
 While they claim this product has been crash tested , there are no US standards to which it must meet . In a crash , if the Mighty Tight breaks , all the seatbelt will be released creating a very loose seat at the one moment you need it to be tight . It has also been known to sever and/or damage seatbelts . If you ca n't get a carseat tight without belt tightening devices you either have a seat that is not compatible with your car or you are not installing it correctly . Belt tightening devices should never be needed .
 I am a trained car seat technician and I am glad to see that there are others warning about this product . Do not use this product ! As for the car seat checkpoints ... you should only have to go to one to learn the correct installation of that seat . After attending , you should be able to install your car seat on your own . Please , do n't put your child at risk by using these products !
 First of all you should know that a CPS Technician -LRB- Certified Passenger Safety Technician -RRB- goes through 4 full days of training with a two inch thick manual , then they take a written and hands-on test . We know our `` stuff '' . I am in my second year of being a CPS Tech . DO NOT USE this product . The idea of it is wonderful but until they crash test it you should never use this product . Also it is not the same as a locking clip . A locking clip is used to prevent the buckle tongue part of the seatbelt from sliding along the seatbelt webbing . This product does not replace a locking clip . Please get your seat installation inspected . A CPS technician should show you how to install your seat in your car . Take your seat , your spouse 's seat , and grandma 's seat to a car seat inspector to have them show you how to install your child 's seat in every car that your child rides in . Everyone 's child -LRB- ren -RRB- is worth the time it takes . Do not let products like these give you a false sense of security . Their convenience does not replace your child 's safety .
 I went to 2 separate police stations for car seat inspections and both officers told me that this product is unnecessary and could be , in fact , dangerous . I was told that it has not been properly crash-tested with the car seats . It gives people a false sense of security . A car seat should be able to be installed safely and securely without the use of the Mighty Tite .
 We went to a safety check station to have our infant carrier/car seat checked , we were informed that this product is not necessary and is not approved for use with any car seat . We took our 's back to Babies R Us . We also had to remove the little head positioner and harness straps from the carrier because they werenot considered part of the car seat and could actually make the car seat dangerous . This was very upsetting to us , but we complied with the recommendations and now we do n't use anything except two receiving blankets rolled up to on each side of the baby to keep him stationary . Needless to say , we returned these items as well.Concerned , Grandma Lisa
 I purchased this thinking it could be used to replace a locking clip for an infant car seat base . I think I had it installed correctly , but it did not hold the seatbelt in the same position . After about two weeks I 've pulled it out and am ordering a cheaper locking clip . Maybe this will work when our kid gets older , but it 's not a substitute for a locking clip .
 This product is very dangerous for baby seats ! You do not need this item and using it can cause serious injury or even death . The way the product works is by winding up all the excess slack in the seatbelt once it has been threaded through the babyseat . If you install your childs seat correctly , following both the car 's instructions and the babyseat instructions , there is no need for this product . This product has NOT been crash tested with all makes/models of childseats and we do not know how it will hold up in a crash-if the mechanism should break or crack -- all the wound up belt would be released and the carseat could go flying . We do n't know how this product performs in collisions . The vehicle code cited on the packaging is the section dealing with carseats -- NOT AFTER MARKET ITEMS ! There is no kind of regulations dealing with these types of items ! Please rethink your decision to buy this item and call a local Child Passenger Safety Technician to install and inspect your childs seat if you have any reason to buy this item -- ITS NOT WORTH YOUR CHILDS LIFE !
 VERY UNSAFE , Shreds the seatbelt ! Do n't buy ! With LATCH available , and modern seatbelts there is NEVER a need for this . If you ca n't get your carseat in tight , find a carseat tech through your local safety council , or possibly police station or hospital .
 Not only is this product totally unnecessary , it is potentially very dangerous - at its worst it can damage your seat belts , or fly off in a severe crash and become a heavy projectile .
 quality control is an issue . I do n't have a drill so have n't fixed the problem yet , but one of the screw holes is very shallow . Not being a tool handy kind of person , I have n't fixed it yet , so the bench is sitting in a corner , unused . but I 'm sure it would be a great bench if I could finish putting it together .
 I used this stool during my baby 's first month . It did make breastfeeding a little more comfortable . But after the first month , it became more of a hindrance . You do n't need it if you are using a nursing pillow , like `` Boppy '' . Pricey . Better to borrow one from a friend .
 Although this is a very nice wooden stool , it has been worthless for me . It adds nothing to my comfort during nursing , and I trip over it every time I get up from my chair ! For me , it was a waste of money .
 I should have purchased the adjustable nursing stool , then it would be useful with all my chairs . Easy to assemble , I did not find grip ridges to be uncomfortable , and the finish is n't bad .
 A wooden stool of this price needs to be well-made . The holes were poorly aligned , causing the thing to wobble . I sent it back and got to eat the original shipping price .
 I thought this would be a great idea to keep the jars in , but really , it took up too much counter space . I ended up putting it away and putting the jars into all the nooks and crannies in my cupboards as I personally do not have the space to waste for something that is completely unnecessary , I found . Save your money !
 This WOULD be a great space-saver ... but now that Gerber has started using the plastic tubs instead of the jars , we never used it AT ALL !! Now Gerber makes their own Feeding Center to accommodate their tubs , and I LOVE it !
 This organizer is alright for the family that uses jarred baby food . I always had three times as many jars as it would hold.Not a lot of baby food comes in jars these days . It is so much cheaper and easier to make your own baby food , or just feed the baby what you are eating as soon as they have the proper grasp.I used this product for a month or so before I wised up .
 Perhaps my stroller is n't the `` standard '' ; I 'm not sure but it is not easy to use as pictured . The mosquito netting is a complete waste . It just does n't stay in place and hangs awkwardly since every stroller is different . I am going to use the sunshades ; my baby liked not having sun in his eyes , but I 'm just going to buy snaps from the craft store and sew them on so they can snap directly onto the stroller .
 I bought this cover for my 10 month old baby , basic problem is that cover is non transparent so baby feels claustrophobic inside.Don ' t buy this product , I wasted good 27 dollars on it .
 I bought this at Target recently . I wondered why they were all on sale . I love the lotion and the light scent , so I got the baby oil . I have not stopped itching since putting it on a couple of days ago . I need to change my linen , etc. . Something in this oil is causing me to itch . I saw that others were having the same problem on other sites .
 I have a basic single row power strip , and i could n't shut the smaller side door or it would depress the power switch ... therefore making this completely useless to me.The snap buttons are hard to open and close , so it would be good to keep little fingers out , but i just couldnt use it for my power strip.The stip i have is SIMILAR to this one , < ... > but not exactly the same . Mine is dark color and newer looking with spots labeled `` adapter '' so you can plug in large plugs and not lose any outlet space .
 These covers are awful , over sized and poorly made . My 7 month old and 3 year old both can open the latches on these in seconds . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! safety first has one a bit more expensive but it actually works .
 This contaption does n't accommodate charger plugs or anything larger than a standard two prong . It is n't big enough . So we ca n't use it many places .
 Is n't large enough to cover large power strips but even more annoying , you have to break your nails to open it . I u derstand it shoukd be difficult for a baby to open but the little plastic tabs will break your nails trying to open . Must be a better option out there
 I have several different types of power strips in my house , and this thing is too small for all except one of them . I bought two of these and I can not use the second one now , and I do n't know what to do about the 3 power strips in my house that will not fit . Also , you can not have anything with a large plug , or it wo n't shut -LRB- for example , my iPhone plug wo n't fit -RRB- . I wish it was just a little bit larger . It is hard to open , but I guess that 's good . The picture with the product open is deceptive , there is no way a big AC converter plug would fit inside this thing .
 This is a very useless item . It does n't protect children from sticking their fingers inside the cover . This is easily done even by myself through the top where the cords are supposed to come out . A child can easily unplug anything inside the cover and get their fingers inside , which completely defeats it 's purpose .
 This is challenging to get open and closed for the adult in the equation . There are a series of little pegs that must fit into little holes to get it to latch . But they are quite challenging to get to line up correctly and heaven forbid you need to get it back open . Now you would think that that 's the point of the power strip cover , right ? Except the hole that allows the cords to come out the top is so wide that my 9 month old just sticks his hand right inside and can put a finger in the socket . It does come w a couple outlet plugs for the extra slots in your power strip , I was just hoping this would work a wee bit better . If all you really need is to prevent your child from unplugging things from your power strip , than this will work for you .
 These safety covers do not close and therefore are not safe to use to cover power strips to protect your little ones . I have returned them all.I have found the power strip covers made by Safety 1st to be a much better product .
 Side clip loose and unsafe . As soon as I got it out of the box my 19 months old was able to open the side `` security '' clip and flip the cover open.Buy Safety 1st power strip cover instead . Much better quality .
 The opening on this is too narrow to accommodate iPhone/iPod/MacBook adapters . If the cover were taller , it would n't be an issue because the whole adapter could fit inside , but it 's not . It 's just too short , even for the smallest of the Apple adapters . So I had to return this anyway , but if I 'd kept it , I would only have wanted to use it for a power strip that I never need to add/remove plugs on -- the tabs to open the cover are a serious pain ... and ironically would be easier to open if my hands were smaller .
 I would n't call this much of a safety product . The plastic is very flimsy and the locking tabs are n't that hard to open . I would expect a better quality product from something marketed as a `` safety '' item . It 's fine as a deterrent , but nothing I would waste money on again .
 we got this when our son was 10 months , within a week he was pulling it off and playing with it . on the plus side it is easy to put on . total waste of money .
 I bought this crib rail cover thinking that it would be nice to be able to remove it for cleaning . But , like other reviewers have indicated , the 4 pieces of this crib rail cover can be TOO easily removed - by a baby . My 8 month old thought these were toys - he 'd continually remove them and either toss them on the floor or sit and play with them in his crib . He 'd then proceed to chew on the bare crib rail . So ... while these are nice ` in theory ' , they 're useless for the intended purpose . I 've since purchased the Gummi crib rail cover and my little one enjoys chewing on that . Hopefully , it 'll stay put for a good long while :-RRB- .
 My 9 month old figured how to pull these off within 24 hours . I 'm always finding them on the floor or in his crib .
 Make sure you check the width of your rails before buying . They were too narrow for my Babi Italia Pinehurst crib .
 It comes right off and my 13 month old son quickly discovered this . He pulls it of then chews on the rail . Do not buy !
 My 13 months old son popped them right off . What 's the point if he can just take them off and then chew on the rails . Do not buy this !
 I purchased these because my son was taking chunks out of his crib rail after his nap . I have a standard size crib and they looked like they would work but after I attached them he had three of them removed within about 5 minutes . I ca n't see another alternative that would work for me . I have those plastic rings that attach small toys to strollers , activity gym , etc. . I used 8 of them to clip around the rail guard to keep it in place . Thus far he has not figured out how to remove them . I would not buy this again . It was a total waste of money !
 I purchased this product because my then 7 month old had started pulling up and chewing on his crib . I am not happy with his crib , so I plan to get a new one for the next baby , but I am concerned about him ingesting stain from the crib . The set of four does not cover the entire side of the crib , nor does it fit flush . It 's too small . My crib rail is n't that wide . Plus , my son can and does remove them easily within minutes of being in his crib . I wish I had n't wasted my money on this product !
 We got these as a quick and easy way to discourage chewing on the crib -LRB- front rail -RRB- . It seemed to work well and now that our daughter turned 2 years old , I thought I could remove them -LRB- I mistakingly thought she had outgrown chewing on her crib -RRB- . After being in place for almost 10 months , these things were adhered to the crib . With much prying and cursing and broken finger nails I was able to remove them ... along with the stain from the crib . Everyplace that the rubber rail covers were in direct contact with the crib , there is now an ugly , uneven , unstained area . We have a cherry stained Munire convertible crib . The places where the covers were all feel sticky and no amount of furniture polish will get it off.To add insult to injury , now that the teething covers are removed , my daughter is chewing on the crib again . However , the places where the stain is sticky , it can be scraped off so now she has stain all over her teeth and under her finger nails.I just purchasedTrend-Lab Crib Wrap Rail Guard for Long Rail , Brown Fleeceand it works much better . I also do n't need to worry about a fabric cover softening and destroying the finish of our nice crib . I am very disappointed - perhaps there is a warning in the directions that I did n't read -LRB- thought they looked pretty self-explanatory -RRB- . Now I have lost the stain in parts from teeth marks and also from the teething covers . I honestly do n't know if the problem is with the composition of the plastic/rubber covers or a problem with how the stain was prepared and applied.We covered the side rails withKidkusion Gummi Crib Rail . This rubber did not remove any stain after being on for 10 months except where the adhesive was placed - which is not visible as it is on the underside of the rail . Now I need to figure out how to repair this damage so it does n't look so awful ... after we are POSITIVE our daughter is done with the beaver impressions .
 My toddler figured out how to take this off and it was great entertainment for him . Each time he did n't want to go down for a nap , these were 4 more items he could toss from the crib to show his discontent.We just got the rubber/gummy teether that attaches with adhesive strips , hopefully this will provide more protection for the already chewed on rail .
 Wish I 'd read the Amazon reviews before trekking down to BRU and buying these . Everything posted here is true
 I agree with everything everyone else wrote about these devices not working . My daughter was 8-months-old when she figured out how to take them off and throw them . What was n't mentioned was the huge safety hazzard these plastic pieces pose . After months of throwing them off and chewing on the wood anyway , they caused my daughter to have a pretty bad fall . One morning , right in front of me , my daughter crawled up and held onto the plastic railings . The plastic came off the railing as my daughter was holding on to it , and she fell backward to hit her head hard on the rails in the back of the crib . That was the last time it was on her crib . Also , since there are four plastic pieces that are n't joined together , there is risk of finger pinching .
 We bought this teether assuming it would fit all cribs . Our crib has pretty thick rails and the teether did n't fit in at all . It seems like all high end cribs have thick rails . This teether seems like it 'll work well for thinner rails .
 My 13 month old immediately pulled off the covers and started playing with them . She loved them and thought they were a cool new toy but they did not do the intended job . They pull off very easily even though they were a perfect fit on the rail .
 These products are sturdy , but they are rather small and only fit a small rail . I am unable to get them on my crib all the way , so my son is able to pull them off easily , defeating the purpose of putting them on . My rail is only about 2 '' wide , but too wide for these . Would be great for a thin rail crib .
 My 9 month old can pull them off . They do n't fit well and do n't stay down . I will be returning them and replacing them with something else .
 Just to reiterate the other reviews - this is my 15 month old 's favorite initial activity during naptime . She takes off all 8 of them -LRB- both sides -RRB- and waves them around . She then bangs them together , bangs them on the walls , and eventually throws them on the ground . Lots of fun for her but totally not serving their purpose -LRB- protecting the crib rail -RRB- . I 'll be buying something else .
 I bought this at babies r us . It did not fit my rail . It says it fits most standard rails but does n't give any measurements . How are you supposed to know if it will fit unless you purchase it ? What a pain .
 I bought this thinking it would be standard and fit all crib rails . Wrong . This only fits the skinniest of rails . If you buy a modern crib with the slightly thicker rails , this will not even begin to go on . It was a waste of time and a waste of money .
 This product was too small to fit over the rails in our new crib . Maybe this would work better for thin-railed cribs .
 I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this product . I bought these crib rail protectors and my twin boys figured out how to remove them within a few days and they are under 9 months old . So not only did I waste my money purchasing these , but both of my cribs also have a bunch of teeth marks ... exactly what I was trying to avoid . What a waste !
 Waste of money ! Claims it fits standard cribs , does n't at all . It just pops off ... However I found another use for this item I use it as a door jam stopper so my little guy does n't smash his fingers . . but for a rail cover its a waste of money .
 I returned these items as they popped off the rails and would not stay on . They do not fit all cribs .
 The product itself was okay . Our crib rails were wider so we returned them for the cloth kind . Even if this set would have fit , not sure I would have used it . Great for functionality but looks like something you 'd find in a place like a daycare -- not cozy .
 Was hoping this would be the right product for our crib - -LRB- after the Gummi crib protector failed to work -RRB- . This product seems to only work if your crib is exactly the correct size as there is little flexibility with fit .
 I have a fairly common Graco crib , and these rail things do n't quite fit . They pull off at the slightest tug . In fact , my toddler was injured when he tried to pull himself up on the crib rail to see his baby brother . The crib rail protector came right off in his hand and he slipped , knocking his face against the side of the crib . Forget it . It 's safer to just let the baby chew on the rail .
 I like the idea but in reality did n't work for us . We would have had to order 3 sets to cover the 4 sides of his crib which gets pricey . The length -LRB- from top to bottom -RRB- is not enough for his crib either - his rails are more like 2 or 3 inches . So he can get his bottom chompers underneath these and still go to town on the wood . And of course he pulls them off easily and throws them to the floor too -LRB- 11 months -RRB- . I 'm going to order some cloth ones that can be safely tied on-not interested in a DIY project when it comes to ties and cribs .
 I bought this product to protector the front rail of my son 's crib from being a teething toy . It fits well but my son is able to pull each of the four pieces off . He plays with them then chunks them from his crib and proceeds to chew on the crib rail again . I am not happy with this purchase and will replace the plastic protection system with a cloth protector in the near future .
 Warning - the packaging does NOT SAY this product is BPA free , which I assume means it is n't BPA free . I gave it two stars because it 's better than my kid chewing paint and splinters , but I 'm going to replace it with a cloth cover as soon as I can get one .
 Too narrow . Did not fit my 1 '' rail . I tried to jam it in but that did not work . If you have really narrow rails , this might work . I had to return the item .
 waste of money ... my son takes them off and throws them at me everyday and still chews on the crib rails ...
 I just purchased and in the first day , my eight month old pulled these from the crib . The individual smaller pieces made it easy for him to do so . Will return and purchase one that 's one long piece . It 's a shame , because these were made in the USA .
 Teether rail comes in 4 pieces made to fit a standard crib rail . Although it fits on easily , it also can be removed easily by your toddler . My 13 month old has discovered how to remove each piece , chew on it , and proceed to throw it to the floor . Then , he goes on to chew the crib rail anyway . This is n't worth the money -- I would rather pay more for a product that does the job it 's supposed to do .
 The tops of my son 's crib rails are rounded over . The Crib Rail Teether slides on easily enough , but does n't snap into place . My son -LRB- 12 months -RRB- pulled it off in less than a week . After he pulled one portion off , he fell back down onto the crib mattress , jabbing the end of the crib rail teether into the bottom of his chin causing a gash , but not serious thankfully . Please check to see that your child can not easily remove the teether strips . If he can , an accident like this can easily happen . If the strips stayed in place , they would have been fine . However , each crib is different , so check first to see that the strips are a good `` fit '' .
 I noticed my kiddo gnawing on his crib rails . I purchased and installed this product . The rail guards NEVER stayed in place ! Without fail they would begin to pop up within minutes of putting them on . Our rails must be too wide for this product . I guess it did work a little . My son would spend time prying the rails off and throwing them on the ground instead of eating the rails .
 I bought this product thinking it was going to be the solution to the -LRB- teething -RRB- problem . WRONG ! My son figured out how to pull them off the same day that they were installed and now as soon as he goes in to his crib , the first thing he does is stand up and pull them off . Then he throws them out of the crib ! A few times I even saw them in the crib with him sleeping on top of them . NO GOOD ... . Too bad there is n't some better way to get this product to stay in place where it belongs .
 This was a waste of money . My son took it right off the crib rail and threw them to the ground . Perhaps if we had put it on the crib prior to him chewing the crib he would n't have known it was there . We purchased the crib rail teether after he had already chewed along the whole rail . We have another baby on the way so we will put the teether on right away and see if that makes a difference .
 at about 8 months , our son figured out how to take the teethers off and throw them on the floor . he made this discovery one day while he was pulling himself up and the teether came off . he went flying backwards and hit his head on the crib . now the first thing he does as soon as he goes in the crib is to pull each one off and watch it fall on the floor . he usually reserves the last one to use as a drumstick against the wall.they really should come up with a way to make it harder for the teethers to come off rail .
 I bought these to protect the painted wood edge of my new Ikea crib . Well , first off , when I removed them from the package , they smell VERY BAD . Supposedly they are nontoxic , but they certainly smell very plasticky.And then when I put them on the edge of the crib , they slide on easily ... and off easily . I can lift them completely off with just one finger , hardly any pressure at all.There are four 12 '' pieces , but my quite standardsized crib is longer than that , and so there is a good 4 '' unprotected , which we know will just attract little teeth , and allows the edge of the pieces to be accessible for fingers to pry them up easily . On top of that , they slide so easily , with one finger , you can push them back and forth on the rail . The package says `` highfriction plastic '' but there does n't seem to be any friction at all . They are n't a lot wider than the rail , in fact just fit on nicely , so they seem to be the right size , but they just slide around , back and forth , up and down . I would expect them to be a plastic that would n't slip easily laterally.So I removed them immediately before my son did , and am returning them to the store . I would n't recommend these . I will be looking for a one-piece application that is longer than the crib rails that I can cut to size , preferably with adhesive .
 My daughter started chewing on her crib and the wood would splinter into her mouth giving her something to choke on . I tried many different ways to avoid her chewing on the crib before buying these . After buying TWO packages to cover both rails on her crib , I came across the same problem that every other parent had . Yeah they slide right on , but my daughter could pull them right back off . Putting her down for a nap when she was n't already 90 % asleep meant she would get up and pull them off resulting in chewing on the crib again . I thought well maybe glue would work to hold it down but i wanted to be able to take them off incase something got under them . Well , we ended up screwing them on which does n't look good but she ca n't pull them off and thats the point . But I think they could be designed a little better than they are . I gave them two stars cause they work now that we have screwed them on , but my daughter never hurt herself on them or when she would fall down onto her mattress -LRB- thankfully -RRB- but the screws helped . I think it was ridiculous having to buy two boxes though ... would n't it make more sense to have 8 pieces in one box ?
 Our toddler pulls each one of the four rail protectors and throws them out of the way so he can chow down on wood and varnish . What a waste of our money . Now we are looking for other options ... perhaps something that stays on the rail !
 My 11-month-old can easily remove these protectors , making them worse than useless -- they 're actually an additional hazard . Buy something else instead .
 It was great for about 2 weeks . Then , my 10 month old figured out how to pull them off . I gave up on using them .
 Too easy for a tot to remove . My daughter quickly learned how to remove them , throw them in/out/around her crib , and even put them back at times but only AFTER chewing her crib . She also liked to use them to hit her wall . Plus , these covers did n't cover the full length of the crib rail . It left about 3-4 inches on each end . Maybe try the cloth cover instead . I regret not getting the canvas cover I almost bought instead of these .
 I got these because my daughter is literally eating her crib . . aparently she is lacking is fiber :-RRB- but these did not stay on !! I have a standard sized crib and they are n't wide enough to slip over the rail and stay there effectively . also my daughter is able to take them off the side .
 I should have heeded other reviews about this product . I love this company , and wanted something that was n't cloth and soaked with flame retardants . The rails do come in 4 pieces and easily are taken off by my 11 month old and tossed on the floor . Then he proceeds to chew on the wood railing anyways .
 This diaper bag was perfect , so I thought , because I am a Precious Moments collector . I received the bag and used it for a short while before it ripped at the pockets . The cheap plastic lining ripped very easily . I would not recommend it , especially for the price !
 When we took our pieces out of the box , we noticed that two of the three boards were warped . Now , we live in Ma . It 's not that hot up here , around 85 degrees today . Three of us tried to slide the boards into the slots they were supposed to go into . I 'm sure that once you can get it together it 's great for space , but do n't try to put it together if it 's warm out !
 The weight limit on this table is only 20 pounds . My daughter was too big for it by the time she was 4 months . What a waste . The wood also started cracking from where one of the screws went in . I ended up throwing the thing out and now I 'm having a second child and will register for a quality table and hope that someone buys it . If not , I 'll happily stoop over the bed and get my sheets peed on before I use this piece of junk again .
 I thought this changing table was a peice of crap ! Yes , it is a great price but after putting it together , I had problems with the boards falling through instead of staying in the little grooves -LRB- which leads to baby falling through risk -RRB- . The screws had to be tightened up just about once a week . I was just overall extremely unsatisfied with this product ! I am expecting again and will but a more expensive changing table this time instead of wasting money on one I ca n't use .
 I was so prepared to love this . We bought the crib a few months ago ... received this for a shower gift and were sorely disappointed . When I opened the package , screws and parts fell out . Nothing was bagged . Additionally , there were NO instructions . The changing table is NOT made by the same company that the crib is . The lack of quality in the materials is glaring once the package is opened . Secondly , I received 2 of the same ends . Hard to explain , but basically its like having 2 left shoes . I could have put this together , but holes would have been exposed to the outside , being unslightly . I did finally , _ almost _ get this together , without instructions , just to have a wood piece pull apart and splinter , damaging the wood beyond repair . Needless to say , I returned this . I did n't bother getting a changing table ! Hope you have better luck !
 This product is built just like its matching crib , awful !!!! Most of the wood is cracked already , the shelves are falling apart.Right from the second that we got it home , and started putting it together , we noticed the wood near the holes were cracked !!! Its hitting the garbage tonight !! We will not be buying Jenny Lind , Delta products ever again .
 The finish and design are nice , but it was impossible to assemble the shelves . The grooves to insert the wood into were machined too narrow . After returning the item to Toys-R-Us , the manager informed me that he had seen 3 of these come back for the same reason . He said he had even tried to help someone else assemble it with a hammer and sand paper with no luck ! Maybe they got a bad batch ? I 'd stay away anyhow .
 Our baby is six months old now and since she was born every couple weeks we have to rescrew in the bolts that hold the table together . The table really wobbles and sways with every movement our daughter makes . The lower shelves have warped now with the weight of wipes and extra baby bath on them . Try to find a model that is sturdier .
 I purchased this due to the decent reviews . Unfortunately , I could not put it together . The `` wood '' is of such poor quality that it split twice while trying to put the screws in . Also , it was missing several parts so , even if I wanted to , I could n't finish the assembly . It 's going back to Babies R Us tomorrow . DO NOT PURCHASE .
 I bought this item along with the Jenny Lind bed . The bed is very good for the price . The changing table was difficult to put together -LRB- some of the screws would not tighten -RRB- . The weight limit on the size of the baby is not good too . Unfortunately , you get what you pay for ... . I would suggest paying a little more and get a better quality table .
 This dressing table is advertised for babies age 0-3 years . The shelves are made of a thin composite rather than wood . When you open the box and read the directions for assembly you will find in large letters `` Maximum Weight 20 lbs '' . This weight restriction means that most one year olds will be too heavy for the table . I suggest buying something stronger that you can use for a longer time .
 Others seem to have had a much better experience with this item , and we ca n't understand why . When assembling the table , it quickly became clear that it was poorly made and the components were badly engineered . For example , one of the bars would not accept the screw that the manufacturer provided for it - the screw would not bite . The dowels were not well sanded and seemed as if they could cause splinters . We decided it was n't worth continuing the assembly and returned it . Also note , the shelves are made of a very thin composite wood and are flimsy . This thing is overpriced and unsafe .
 I bought this item because it matches the crib I got . When I first put it together I actually cracked the wood a little ... my baby is three months old and the shelves fell apart about three weeks ago ... if they were made of a stronger material I would rate this product high because it was very useful before the shelves fell apart . . now I am starting to get a little worried . . if the shelves fell apart then maybe the actually changing part would also . . I am glad it has the cross bars but I do n't think I will be using the table much longer . . and I will not be saving it . . it will be going in the garbage . It also was horrible to put together .
 When setting up the table , it became clear that this is a poorly made item . The changing table bed and shelves are plaster board , and the directions for assembly are confusing . But more importantly , the company sent us the wrong crossbar - it did not even fit the set nor looked like the other 3 crossbars . When I called the customer service line the next day -LRB- during weekday business hours -RRB- , a recording told me to leave my name and address and description of the problem . There was no way to get in touch with any real person there ! This greatly frustrated me . I immediately went online to Amazon to return this item .
 This changing table went into the trash after my baby @ 8 months crawled onto the lower shelf . The shelf gave way . The shelf had previously bowed with weight over 10 lbs -LRB- baskets w/supplies and diapers -RRB- . So , you basically ca n't store anything on the shelves!Most children are n't potty trained until 21/2 ... buy a good quality changing table . This product is not of good quality.FYI-Top and frame are very stable .
 I thought that this was a cute , old fashioned changing table when I purchased this product . The reason this changing table is inexpensive is becaue it is CHEAP and poorly made . Unfortunately when putting it together several of the pieces cracked and split . We had to order new pieces . When the replacement pieces came they were different from the original ones and required different hardware . The hardware was not sent with the new pieces so we had to go out and buy what we needed from a hardware store . When it was finally completed it was not very sturdy so I am going out to look for a new changing table . This was a very poor purchasing decision . I reccommend spending a little more and getting something that wo n't fall apart !
 This was given to us as a gift . We put it on the registry because it matched the crib we bought . The crib was so easy to put together that I did it myself , however , it took me and my husband to put this together and it was still difficult ! We had such a hard time trying to keep the shelves in place while we put the sides on and if we tightened the screws too tight -LRB- which did n't seem tight enough -RRB- then the wood cracked . I think the hardest part was putting on the rounded top piece . I was certain it was n't going to fit and I 'm still surprised we finally got it on there . The table was also chipped a little in some spots when we got it out of the package . All-in-all this table is definitely not worth the money that was paid and I hope we can get some good use out of it .
 I brought this product and it broke after using it only a few times . When it broke in half , there was n't even a drink in the cup holder . Another mommy who was with me informed me that her cup holder broke in the exact same spot after only using it a couple of times . I contacted the company only to inform that this is a discountinued item . If the company does not even stand behind their product , there is no reason for a consumer to buy it . If I could give it 0 out of 5 stars , I would .
 This seems like a great idea for strollers without cupholder . However , after using it a few times , the clip came apart and of course the drink and cup fell . My husband was with me and managed to put it force the clip portion back together , but I 'm not going to trust it ! Looking for my receipt so I can return it to store !
 The gate looks great and is made of good quality wood , but my dog figured out how to push her way out in minutes .
 I bought this gate -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- and was very disappointed . It fell apart in less than 6 months . And by fell apart , I mean the glued pieces came apart and the places where the screws go in got so warped that there was no hope for it staying together . Currently on a mission to find a better quality wide gate at hopefully a lower price .
 This gate looks awesome and I love the fact that it is easily moveable and does not mar the walls . However , my little 15 lbs non-athletic pug was able to easily move this to the side and get through it . The pugs are not jumpers so they have not hurdled over it , but they can push it to the side and escape . I would not trust this gate when leaving them home alone . It would be fine if you are in the house and just need to keep the dogs secure for some reason or another . I would not recommend this gate unless you have a itty bitty dog that is not intent on getting out .
 I purchased this gate and the matching `` large '' gate . My 6lb yorkie can push both gates , which are on hardwood floor !! Do n't buy .
 this product is made very well it did cost like $ 90 however if you dont have the correct doorway it doesnt work ... i returned it
 sorry i really wanted this gate to work well so i could get rid of what we 're currently using . it 's attractive enough but that is it . my 2 small dogs knocked it right over when they jumped up on it . they also can push the sides to get out that way too . we didnt like it at all . packed it up and sent it right back .
 I am upstairs at my computer right now . My dogs are gated in the kitchen with this item . As I am typing , my little 12 pound dog once again came racing upstairs to me after moving this gate to the side . It takes him a few minutes , but he can always move it . The bigger dog stays in because the opening is not big enough for him . It 's a very pretty gate , and it 's made well , but it does n't keep my dog in . I see another customer 's dog was also able to push it aside .
 This gate looks nicer than most and is easily portable but it is too short and awkward to fit in most of our door ways . Our dog -LRB- only 11 lbs -RRB- just jumped over the panel since it did n't fit flush against the stairs . Disappointing , but maybe we 'll be able to use it for our child .
 I love the feel of the terry cloth but the cover shrinked at the first washing !! Also , it is starting to unravel and strings are poking out everywhere ! Color selection is great , but that 's it !!
 Great concept , love how they 're terry cloth , and you could n't ask for more color choices ... but , after washing them , they do n't fit ! The corners of my changing pad -LRB- and yes , it is the once that 's made to go with these covers -RRB- are all smashed from forcing it into these covers . Mine are also covered with little lint balls after repeated washings , and obviously a changing pad cover necessitates repeated washings !
 I registered for the terry changing pad cover thinking it was a good price and should do the trick !! I was WRONG !!! It started to unravel after the first washing and the softness goes away immediately . Spend the extra money and purchase the Chamois Cover from Pottery Barn Kids . It is worth the extra $ 5 . I have two of them and they wash EXTREMELY well -LRB- stays soft , stains come out , etc. -RRB- and it has slits for the safety belt . If your baby is anything like mine he is on his changing pad quite a bit and I think he really likes the softness of the Chamois material .
 I was disapointed with the quality of the product . It ripped after one wash .
 My husband and I bought two of these covers in preparation for the birth of our son . The first time I washed both covers -LRB- according to the instructions -RRB- , neither survived . Both covers emerged from the wash frayed and with holes . Considering that these are items that will require plenty of washing in the future , we were very disappointed with the quality . Also , at $ 12.99 a pop , we expected better quality .
 After a few washings , this cover looks horrible . The thread comes loose from the elastic , and there is fuzz imbedded in it . The Especially for Baby brand is a lot better & the cover also doubles as a co-sleeper mattress cover .
 This item is serviceable and probably something you could buy to use to basically get ruined without stressing about it . The Wendy Bellisimo changing pad covers are only $ 2 more and much better quality fabric . The terry used for these is very cheap and scratchy , like an old towel . I am using them but am not fussed on how long they last or what happens to them , I wo n't be buying any more though . Carter 's also makes lap pads that are great for use over the changing pad . You do n't strictly speaking need a cover , it 's easier if you do n't use one . I never used covers with DD and never had a problem .
 well i bought this and washed it more than i used it ! it was much easier to just wipe down the changing pad , then to have to wash the cover all the freakin time !
 In the washing machine , this pad gave off lint that got stuck to the rest of the wash , and fills the lint trap in the dryer . It really made a mess of my laundry . I do n't recommend it at all .
 I read the books that suggested getting a cover for the changing pad , and I put it on when I was putting our room together . It gives a finishing look to our Changing table -- however once we brought our son home , we ended up changing it everytime we changed him . Granted it 's our first child , so maybe you will be much neater when changing your baby , but we are pretty good at it now , and I still would n't put it on . It 's just another thing to wash -- and he loves lying on the Changing pad with no cover . It 's nice to look at , but not necessary .
 Washed it once according to directions & it shrunk beyond belief ! Did n't even use it once ! Do n't bother !!! Just use a pillowcase & it works just as well ...
 I have a newborn and have washed this cover twice -LRB- on warm / cold -RRB- and it barely fits over my standard size contoured changing pad . In fact , the cover is so tight that it is causing the pad to become mis-shapen .
 I prewashed this item as instructed ... lost half of it in the dryer lint vent and fought tooth and nail to try to get it to fit over the changing pad . It is WAY TOO SMALL and NOT QUALITY MATERIAL . But then again , I 've learned to expect poor quality from Babies R Us ... Horrible .
 I really disliked this product . First , once it was washed it shrunk and would not fit properly on the pad . I bought a standard contoured pad from Babies ' R Us and so it should have been compatible . Second , it 's too much of a pain to keep taking it off , washing it and putting it back on . I have three of these and now do n't use any . If your baby remotely spits up or goes to the bathroom while on the changing table -LRB- before you get a new diaper on -RRB- I 've found it 's easier to buy some nice inexpensive matching towels and lay them over the pad . They 're cheaper and you do n't have to worry about fit .
 This cover is soft terry cloth , but we bought the safety changing table pad deluxe by Dex Baby Products and you do not need this item -LRB- we returned ours -RRB- . If your baby ever has an accident while you are changing them , you will end up washing more then you should have to . We just use the pad which is vinyl & easy to wipe down after changing .
 The quality of this changing pad cover is very , very low . After only one washing , I had loose threads all over and the terry had already snagged . Now , after months of continued use and turning a blind eye to all it 's imperfections , the terry material is pulling away from the elastic edging . The Especially for Baby brand changing pad cover is so much better
 I tried this cover on before I washed it and it fit perfectly fine . After I washed it and tried to use it , it had shrunk at least 1.5 inches in length . Terrible product ...
 These covers shrink in the washing machine . The cover now bends the changing pad causing it to rip in places . I will now need to purchase a new changing pad . The cover now measures 27 or 28 inches long instead of the original 32 inches it started out as . This is after only 2 months of use .
 I really like the color selection and the softness of this product , but I am very disappointed by the shrinkage . The cover barely fits over the pad -LRB- were n't they made to go together ? -RRB- and the pad itself it turning up at the corners . When I lay my baby down on the pad , he is comfortable , but he sinks into the pad because it does n't fit properly . It does look nice , though in our nursery , but if I could do it over I would have selected a different pad and cover .
 This is an attractive cover , but oddly , it 's way too hard to get on the pad it 's designed for . The first time it was difficult to put on , but looked ok . After repeated washings , it 's getting worse and is bending my changing pad . the ends are all smushed down . What a bummer .
 I have a standard sized -LRB- 16x32 -RRB- changing pad and I bought this cover for it because I liked the color . I was extremely disappointed because it will not fit , no matter how hard I try to stretch it . I am returning this .
 The 8-10oz disposable liners that actually do come in the white box are far better than the ones you get from this order -LRB- the red and yellow -RRB- while yes the measurements are still off I found it was only by half an oz . With the red and yellow boxed liners there is no way you could get 10oz in there I ca n't even get 8oz ! I guess its why these are cheaper . Please change the image on this item !
 After a fourth night of having to change my baby 's shirt in the middle of the night due to this bottle leaking all over his clothes , i decided enough was enough . At first I could n't understand why it was leaking , then after careful inspection , realized the liners are the problem with pin holes causing milk to leak . I googled and have read many many complaints of the same since 2008 . Seems Playtex should n't have changed the liners as it has caused this problem .
 We first discovered these liners two years ago and used them a lot for our son . They rarely failed , were quick to heat up milk , and were convenient . Sometime in the past two years , Playtex made their 4 oz liners about half as thick as before , probably to save on materials . The new thinner liner is causing frequent failures -LRB- about one in eight liners have some sort of failure -RRB- when the liners are full of milk and heated . We 've bought these liners from Amazon as well as two different retailers and found them all to be too thin . Oftentimes the liners slip off the thin plastic ring that holds them in place and spill their contents of precious breast milk everywhere . It 's incredibly frustrating to calm down a hungry baby while waiting for the milk to heat up and then have the liner spill all that milk on their clothes and floor . Our daycare 's infant room has noticed that the Playtex liners have become thinner as well , and other parents that use the liners are having the same problem . Playtex 's 8 oz liners are still the same thickness and do not fail very often . Customers should avoid these thin 4 oz liners and either use a different bottle or wait for the 8 oz liners when their kids get older .
 I was prepping bottles and put 5 liners into 5 bottles and one right after the other all 5 started leaking . Those were the only 5 but with how expensive they are I should n't have that issue . It also was extreemly frustrating having 5 in a row and milk spilling everywhere . I have since decided to switch bottles , because of the cost and the frustration . I used these with my oldest but I just do n't want to deal with buying liners all the time for another 6 + months .
 I currently use Playtex Drop-ins but will be switching to something else asap . The Drop-ins have been really easy for me while at work -LRB- I pump in to them , store 8 4oz drop-ins in a gallon ziploc in the freezer and then in theory they go right into the bottle for thawing/warming and feedings with no bottles to clean -RRB- BUT ... they leak . Consistently.Caregivers have lost entire bottles because the lip pulls away from the edge of the bottle and the whole liner just falls right out . They have also has issues with the liners tearing . Apparently the plastic gets warped , weak and brittle after being frozen and thawed.Do not waste your money or your milk !
 As a full time working mom I have been using these liners since July and the ones in the new red and yellow boxes in the last couple months are terrible . I never had problems with leaking or breaking liners until they changed the design . Now every week I am cleaning up my pump bag because a liner leaked or my daycare provider is telling me that a liner broke and spilled all over my child . I am switching to a generic brand as playtex 's liners are now sadly unreliable .
 This is my 3rd baby . We used playtex bottles with liners for our first 2 kids and loved them ! I guess Playtex decided to change their bottle sometime between our last baby and this baby . The liners no longer match up and it 's hard to see the numbers . We decided to scrap it all and go with another brand completely , unfortunately .
 Very happy overall , seems to help my daughter . Except that the liners have weird , `` plasticky '' , smell - each and every batch I buy . I could n't get a reasonable explanation why the smell and this is unacceptable . Have seen the odor issue mentioned here and there when I googled for it . Will try the 8oz liner and if that smells too I 'm all over with Playtex . If it was n't for the smell I 'd give 4 stars .
 I do n't get the purpose of these since the air goes right back in during the feeding -LRB- got the special Playtex nipples and bottles -RRB- . Also , the store brand ones do the same thing for half the price . Walmart ones are not as soft , but do the same thing still
 not useful as we want , we hoped it will be more helpful but it was not . The price not as it should be , sorry for this but it is our opinion . .
 I really like using the Drop-Ins system -- it 's very convenient and easy to use . The problem I have is with the new expandable 8-10 oz . liners . When I first used them , I noticed that the amount of water needed to fill the liner up to the 8 oz mark seemed to vary from what I used with the original 8 oz . non-expandable liners . I decided to test it by pouring water from a measuring cup into both types of liners . The measurement on the original liner was accurate - 8 oz from the cup filled it up exactly to the 8 oz mark . In contrast , when I filled the expandable liner , the water went above the 8 oz mark . I also tried to fill it with 10 oz to see if the extra water weight would expand the liner further , but there was still some water left in the measuring cup even after I filled the expandable liner to the brim ! Thus , if I had merely followed the measurements on the expandable liners , I would have used less water than needed to make the infant formula . I just want to warn parents using the new liner to be careful about the accuracy of the measurements on the liner . Because the liner does not expand as much as it should , you actually have less than the amount of liquid indicated by the liner . Consistently wrong measurements that result in less liquid than prescribed by the infant formula could result in dehydration ! Too bad -- now I have to measure water in a measuring cup when I make the bottles , which makes it much less convenient .
 I have wasted so much milk using these drop-ins . I bought a box of the 4 ounce and a box of the 8 ounce liners , and in both boxes there have been multiple liners with holes in them and my milk has ended up all over my counter . Any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk , and believe me , I 've done that many times . I 've tried to be good about pouring in just a little bit of milk so that if there is a hole , I 'll only waste a little bit . But , come on , I 'm sleep deprived , and stressed and sometimes I forget , and I end up with 6 ounces of milk on my kitchen counter , and I should n't have to check like that for a product I 've paid for . No good.Out of a box of 100 liners , I would say about 1/4 -1 / 3 have holes in them or leak . That 's quite a lot ; we 're not talking one or two here . Unfortunately , I 've invested in Playtex bottles and Playtex nipples , so now I have to spend even more money buying a whole new bottle feeding system because I can not afford to spill breast milk every fourth time I go to fill up a bottle . I 'm extremely disappointed at having wasted so much money on this system and so much time pumping milk just to pour it on the kitchen counter . I would NOT recommend .
 The item arrived on a small box , neatly arranged along with other items , however when me and my wife used the drop-ins liners we noticed some pinhole like holes when we filled the drop-ins liners with water . Out of the first 20 7 have holes in it . We are pretty disappointed with these . : -LRB-
 Playtex makes leaky liners and have caused me to waste more than 10 bottles of breastmilk - sometimes 2 leaky liners in a row . Buy target or other generic brand to save yourself the heartache .
 these leak and do n't colapse use the older rolled liners they do not leak . and you can see them colapse like they should
 I have given this product 2 stars . It might be a fab bottle for you , but personally it was a nightmare for us . Just make sure you have other bottles on hand , in the event your little one does n't like Avent . For the 1st 6 months of my daughter 's life , feeding was a horrible experience . The nipples are pricey & do n't fit any other bottle . My daughter got to the point where she would n't nurse from a bottle . I ran out & bought some cheaper nipples & bottles and finally found one she would take.Yes , the nipple on the Avent bottle is more like a mommy 's and baby does have to work harder to get the formula or breast milk out . But there are other brands out there that are just as good -LRB- I personally think -RRB- than Avent . If you want to be trendy ... go ahead & spend the money . Just make sure you 've got those other bottles ready , just in case . I wish we had !!!
 These bottles are not worth the $ $ . They get more air bubbles then any other I 've tried and you have to purchase their special nipples for bottles none of the others work . Even the slow nipples for newborns pores milk out too fast and my baby gets an upset stomach .
 I know these get a lot of hype , but ... I have had a LOT of very frustrating moments with these.The disposable liner is practically impossible to keep from creasing around the top which causes leaking.Also , the regular bottles come with nipples that have a lip on the inside . If it does n't go on just right ... it leaks . Sometimes it takes a good 5 tries just to get the nipple on right ! UUUGGGHHH !
 bought these bottles because they are famous , because they are sleak , because they were supposed to reduce bubbles and solve my baby 's colic problem . but they do n't . what a waste of money.the wide neck means they have to have large teats , which slow down the sucking and my baby usualy ended up sleeping on the bottle when only half amount of the fomula has been taken . he was so tired of drinking that he just gave it up all together . it made feeding tiresome for both of us , esp . for the baby who eventually hates drinking milk and dreaded to see the bottles . he was rather hungry than having anything to do with these bottles . i have gone back to the old type of bottles since . i did n't give the bottles away to salvation army or anything in case other babies have to suffer . now they are nice bird feeders in my garden .
 When breastfeeding , these are highly recomended . The problem with a breastfeeding mom is , they do not fit standard US breast pumps . So basicly you have to pump into one bottle , then transfer into this one -LRB- this causes a problem for those of us who do n't produce quite enough milk -- every drop that is lost in transfer is crutial -RRB- . Then you are faced with the leaking problem . The directions say to wet the rim to prevent leaking . Well , sometimes that works and sometimes it dose n't . Again , I am reminded of how delicate every drop of milk was . Sometimes these bottles will taunt you . I would test the bottle before giving it to baby ... then after I was convinced it would n't leak ... baby would begin to suck and would instantly be drownded ! And there you are , wasted milk , and a hungry baby who is drenched , and really mad by the time you get another bottle ready and her clothes changed !!! The day I stopped breast feeding I switched to playtex vent aire , which only leak once in a blue moon , if you dont put it together right .
 These bottles were great when we were only giving small amounts of formula to supplement nursing . We never had problems with nipple confusion and the flow was perfect . We were only putting one or two ounces in a bottle , so if it did leak it was n't a big deal . Now that we are using 100 % formula they are a pain . There is nothing more enjoyable then being soaked in formula at 3 in the morning . There are things you can do to help/prevent leaking , but who wants to fuss that much with a bottle when they have a crying hungry baby . Especially if you are trying to hold a baby and make a bottle at the same time . We recently purchased some ventaire bottles and they have been great . There also appears to be a decrease in how much our daughter spits up and gas fussiness . The opening is smaller , so it is harder to mix in the bottle . I found it works great to make a days worth of formula in a separate container and then pour into the bottles . Shaking formula in the bottle creates a ton of air bubbles , so we have found spit-up/gas problems were reduced by mixing separately with a spoon anyways . Unfortuanetly there is no perfect bottle for those that choose or have to bottle feed .
 After many incidences of soaking my daughter by feeding her with these leaking bottles , or shaking them and splattering breastmilk or formula all over the kitchen , I strongly recommend not buying this product . Of all the things that are challenging and frustrating about caring for a new baby , bottle-feeding should not be one of them .
 I bought these bottles because of their great popularity . However , no matter how dry each part was , they constantly leaked . The nipples never look clean , they get very filmy looking , even after boiling or putting them in the dishwasher . My daughter had a lot of problems with gas and these bottles contributed to that . I switched to the Dr. Brown bottles , and she slept better , and did not have these painful gas problems . The bottles also cleaned better than the Avent .
 I 'm so frustrated with these bottles - they leak all the time no matter what I do with them . I 've heard the same complaint from many other new Moms . I would never recommend these and will never use them again .
 I bought these bottles because of all the recommendations I have read . I wish I did n't . They leak all the time . No matter how tight -LRB- or loose -RRB- I screw the cap no , they always leak . Also , because my son 's mouth has to open so wide to fit the large nipple , the milk is constantly dripping out the side of his mouth and down his chin . The only good thing about this bottle is that he does n't have a problem switching back and fourth between nursing and these bottles . However , I would still recommend you try something else first .
 I registered for and purchased Avent products thinking they were the best in the market . I wish I could get the money back for these expensive products . The Avent bottles leak like crazy . It does n't matter if you use the stage 1 or stage 4 feeding nipples , they leak the same . This is not a once in a while occurance either - it happens on a regular basis . I was glad to see from other reviews that I was not the only one to have this problem with Avent products.If the bottle top is not screwed on exactly right , or if one little drop of water , milk , or grain of formula powder gets in the way , the bottles leak and you and your baby will end up drenched in formula or juice . Nothing is worse than getting up for a 3:00 a.m. feeding only to find the two of you soaked from a leaky bottle . Do n't waste your money on these products . I wish I had n't .
 I have used both the 4 oz . and the 9 oz . bottles to feed my 3 month old son , and the bottles are so leaky ! The problem seems to have gotten progressively worse over time because now they leak to the point that I 'm not sure how much my son is ingesting and how much is soaking his bib and burp cloth . I tried adjusting the nipple and tightening or loosening the collar - nothing has stopped the leakage . I have switched to Gerber New Traditions bottles with no problem so far . I gave this product 2 stars instead of 1 because the nipple shape is very similar to the real thing , and that 's always a plus for someone who wants to combine bottle and breastfeeding .
 The only nice things I can honestly say about these bottles is that my twins can easily switch from breast to bottle with them and that they are easy to clean and mix formula , BUT ... THEY LEAK ! This is most anoying when you have two screaming babies and the bottle is leaking as you 're trying to make the bottles . For how expensive these bottles are , they should not leak . I have tried various ways of putting the caps on , etc. , but they always leak . I do n't have this problem with generic , cheap bottles .
 The problem with these bottles is the newborn slow flow nipple flows too fast . Milk just squirts out when you turn the bottle over and my daughter chokes and she is covered with milk down her chin and neck . Plus , by the time she is half way finished there are so many bubbles inside she gets very gassy . -LRB- we make formula ahead of time to avoid shaking the bottle -RRB- They have leaked occasionally around the neck.We switched to the best bottles , which are Dr. Browns . They work great ! No bubbles or leaking and easy to clean .
 this bottle started out ok until after about 5 months of usage , it started leaking around the collar no matter how tight the collar was screwed on . this was so annoying , especially at night when you are sleepy . you have to remove the collar and nipple , put it back on , turn it upside down and pray that this time it wont leak -LRB- after going through this a few time you will want to throw the bottle into the wall -RRB- . eventually you will get lucky and the bottle wont leak but for the next feeding you go through this process all over again . try the playtex disposable nurser -LRB- the drop in liner is fabulous -RRB- , buy the one with the avent-like nipple . so far this is excellent , no leaks and no wash .
 -LRB- This is a long review , but if you read the whole thing it may save you some money and frustration . If you just want to read the bit about the Bottles , jump down to the 6th Paragraph and read from there -RRB- I used Avent products with my first child -LRB- 5 years ago ! -RRB- and was absolutely thrilled . Back then , I was a solo-mother on welfare , so the cost was a real struggle for me , but I was so thrilled with the product that I found the money to buy the things I needed for my child.Five years on , and oh how things have changed . This time around I am married and have the funds to be able to buy whichever brand I want , without money being a consideration . So , I eagerly stocked up on all things Avent . I bought the 4 oz bottles , 9 oz bottles , disposable bottle kit , Isis Electric Breast Pump , pacifiers , Bottle & Food Warmer , Bottle Tote , Formula Dispeser , Microwave Steam Steriliser ... the whole shebang!The first thing to go wrong was the Isis Breast Pump -LRB- $ US150 from Babies ` R'Us -RRB- . It would work fine for anywhere between 2 and 10 minutes , and then the suction would slack off and the rhythm would go out of whack , stopping the flow of milk from my breast . I would then have to turn off the machine and pump manually instead , or be left only partially expressed . I was reliant on the pump to take off my milk , as my baby would not latch , and I really wanted to keep giving her breast milk . When the machine broke down I contacted Avent and asked for a refund , as I was going to have to replace the machine . Avent told me that it was a non-refundable item , but if I waited a week they would send out a label for me to ship the pump back to them and then IF THEY FOUND A FAULT they would then repair it and return it to me . They said it would take 2-4 weeks . And what was I to do without a breast pump for a month , I asked ??! The lady on the phone suggested that I purchase their manual pump to use in the meantime , and boasted that it would only cost me about $ US50 . Needless-to-say , I lost a lot of money on this , and was absolutely furious !! I threw the worthless pump in the trash and ended up 100 % formula-feeding my baby.Then there were issues with some of the nipples tearing , and they were less than a month old . I figured this was just my misfortune , so rather than make a fuss about it , I simply replaced the nipples at my own expense.Next came the distorted bottles . I noticed one day that the plastic of one of the 4 oz bottles was warped . I thought it a little odd , but again thought that I had probably just caught a wonky batch and did n't think too much about it . Then another bottle warped , and another , and another , and another ... fairly soon I had 5 warped bottles -LRB- some 4 oz , some 9 oz -RRB- . Enough was enough ! I called Avent again and complained , only to have the woman on the phone tell me that I must n't have read the instrustions on the MICROWAVE STEAM STERILISER properly . The woman asked me to confirm the wattage of my microwave , the amount of time I was putting the bottles in for , and how much water I was using -LRB- 900W , 5 minutes , 200 mls -RRB- . After telling her , she confirmed that yes , that was all correct , but she still said that I must have been doing something wrong during the sterilising process.The lady sent me out a label to send the bottles back to them for ` testing ' . She said that once the bottles had been tested then they would get back to me . Well , while waiting for the label to arrive , I ensured that I absolutely was following the instructions correctly when I used the Steriliser , but I still managed to have two more bottles warp on me , giving me a total of 7 warped bottles to return !! I finally got the label and sent the bottles back . About a week later Avent called and said that the tests showed I had `` overloaded '' the Steriliser , and that had caused the bottles to warp . She said that `` as a one-off courtesy '' they would replace the five 9oz bottles . I pointed out to her that I had stacked the Steriliser as told to do so in the illustrations of the instruction booklet , and when I asked about the two 4 oz bottles I had also returned , she denied that they had received them -LRB- even though I put them all in the package myself !! -RRB- and refused to discuss the matter any further . So , I have lost 2 bottles , and have a steriliser that apparently likes to melt bottles regardless of how cautious I am about follwing the directions.The other things I have had issues with are the pacifiers and the Bottle Tote . The pacifiers had a hard edge on the silicone , which was very uncomfortable for my newborn . I ended up replacing these with a different brand , as Avent wanted me to return the pacifiers to them at my own expense before they would consider replacing them . The Bottle Tote packaging states that it will keep bottles warm or cold for `` up to 4 hours '' . This is more like `` up to 2 hours '' , but even that is dubious . In order to get the bottles hot enough to stay warm for 4 hours , it would have to be boiling water , but if you put boiling water into the bottles , the pressure becomes too much for them to handle , so that 's not an option . I have ended up throwing out the Bottle Tote -LRB- which cost me $ 15 -RRB- and purchasing a mid-size Thermos . -LRB- I put the water of about the right temperature into the Thermos and take empty bottles with me . I even use the Thermos at home , so that I do not have to wait for the Avent Bottle Warmer to hurry up and do it 's thing at 3am ! -RRB- I also have the Via Nurser Kit and addtional containers , but have found that the lids sometimes do not seal properly , and therefore leak . Very annoying , especially when you had pre-mixed formula in the container , your baby is hungry , and you 're an hour drive from home!I am absolutely disappointed with Avent . Almost every product of theirs that I have purchased this time around has been defective in one way or another , and their cutomer service level has been absolutely pathetic . They have obviously never heard `` the customer is always right '' because the have continually placed the blame solely on me for the issues that I have had.Avent used to be a great company with a great product , and now it seems that they are simply relying on their good reputation of the past to carry them through the future . It 's not good enough . Their products are NOT worth the money anymore , and I strongly recommend that no one buy any of their products . There are tons of very good -LRB- better ! -RRB- products available on the market , and I will be replacing all of my Avent equipment with another brand as soon as I can . -LRB- I noticed while at Target the other day that Circo are now making ` wide neck bottles ' that look exactly like the Avent ones , but at almost half the price ... I think I 'll give them a go ! Maybe you should too ? -RRB-
 They leak , my daughter gets too much air , and they are very crappy quality for the $ . I had heard so many good things about Avent so as a new mom , of course I went with `` the best . '' Big mistake ! My precious pumped breast milk would spill and my daughter would spit up A LOT after each bottle . I tried Dr. Browns , Playtex Nurser , and Munckin Tri-Flow , but the BEST , BEST bottles EVER are Playtex Vent-air Natural Shape ! I will just pour the pumped milk into the playtex bottles !
 These bottles are horrible ! I agree with one of the other reviewers that they leak , but unlike her experience that they leak inconsistently , mine leak all of the time . I have wasted so much formula and time with these bottles . Sometimes they have leaked all over my daughter before I realize it . I am going to do my best to return them even thugh they have been used . I hate to see the manufacturer get rich off of something that does n't work .
 I have read a review -LRB- probably from the manufacturer -RRB- suggesting people are experiencing dripping because we do n't follow directions . I have two kids , and believe that the problem is just that the bottles are poorly designed . I have had to change my kid 's shirts at three in the morning because they get wet from the bottle . This is so frustrating that not only am I taking the time to tell anybody who is interested to not buy this product but I am also writing the manufacturer to complain and get my money back . Save your sanity , it really is that frustrating .
 I 've been using these bottles for almost a year now and yes , THEY DO LEAK ! I had to laugh when reading the reviews from all the `` experts '' that know how to put the lid on without the bottle leaking . Well I trusted those reviews when I bought these bottles thinking `` oh , how hard can it be to put a LID on a BOTTLE ? `` Well let me tell you - NOTHING I do keeps them from leaking . And I have a degree in mechanical engineering so you 'd THINK I could at the very least , put a lid on a bottle . WRONG ! I tighten them , they leak . I do n't tighten them - they leak . I put a brand new nipple in the bottle - they STILL leak ! NO MATTER WHAT I DO - THEY LEAK !!!!!! Nothing is more frustrating than being away from home with a hungry baby and a bottle that wo n't quit leaking . You end up with a drenched , cranky baby and drenched clothes on yourself as well . Save yourself the headaches and do n't get your baby attached to these wretched and overly priced bottles !!!! My other three kids all used plain old evenflo bottles and I never had a single problem.There should not be a `` trick '' to putting a bottle together so it does n't leak !
 At first I thought these bottles were great ! Now , I hate them . They are always leaking . When I shake the bottle to mix the formula , formula flies all over the place . If not then , when I tilt the bottle to my daughter 's mouth and she eats for awhile , when I take it away , formula drips all down the side of the bottle , all over her and my hands . I do not recommend this bottle to anyone !
 These bottles are awful ! From day one , they have done nothing but leak and create a mess all over my daughter , the couch , the floor , you name , AVENT bottles have leaked on it ! They were recommended by a friend , who 's a nurse . My daughter still gets air in her belly from the bottles . Plus you have to buy new and expensive nipples as the child gets older ... so the new nipples can leak on you . I 've told several friends NOT to buy these bottles !
 I used Avent bottles for my 21 month old , but experienced many leaks . However , I decided to give them another go when I had my son in November . Once again , I had the same problem , they leak constantly - I even shook the bottle on a recent flight to mix the formula when it sprayed all over the passenger next to me - quite embarressing.On the positive side , when they do n't leak , my son seems to like them , they are easy to clean and work well with the Avent microwave sterilizer -LRB- which I would n't change for anything ! -RRB- However , if I do have any more children , I will probably use a different brand of bottle .
 These bottles are not worth it . No matter how tight you screw the nipple on , they leak like crazy . I thought i was doing something wrong at first but then bought new ones and had same problem . I 'm not talking a little leak either . The milk just starts to pour out from the lid . do n't waste your money on these !
 If there was an option for `` 0 '' stars , Avent would get it.This comment will echo the others , I 'm sure . But let me position mine a bit more bluntly . AVENT BOTTLES LEAK and LEAK and LEAK - and more than just occasionally . Bottle feeding can be a tough gig when you 're up at all hours of the morning . On top of that , consider that when parents and babies use the product , one -LRB- or both -RRB- are typically over-tired , stressed , edgy , nervous , etc. . So when Avent bottles continuously leak , the result is more than just a wet onesie . It 's an uncomfortable baby that gets even more overtired . It 's another change of outfits with more crying , more frustration , more stress . And it 's another long day/night with less sleep , less relaxation , and considerably less patience with a defective product . Avent - are you DOING anything about this ? Please let me know what 's up . Thanks .
 I am very disappointed with the Avent bottle system . I purchased the Avent hand breast pump and Avent bottles 8 months ago when my son was born , and I am frustrated with the poor performance of these products . The bottle seals are prone to failure resulting in a great deal of leaking , and it is difficult to achieve and maintain effective suction with the Avent pump . For the cost of Avent I would expect a more reliable product . I would not recommend purchasing Avent products , and I plan on invensting in a different brand with my next child . Wish I would have saved my money the first time around by avoiding Avent .
 These bottles are so frusterating ! They leak all over the place . The only thing these bottles are good for is mixing formula . The wide neck bottle makes it easy to pour the powder .
 I purchased the Avent Starter set and they worked wonderfully for about 1 month - then they continuously leaked . I bought new nipples/bottles and just ended up being a waste of money and a huge problem . My daughter would not take to any other bottle -- I finally found playtex natural shape and would highly recomend anything from playtex .
 As a breastfeeding mom , I wanted to provide my son with an easy transition to bottle -LRB- for when I pumped -RRB- . I purchased AVENT after reading the reviews on all the baby product websites . I even read the reviews about the leaks , but because there were so few , I thought it was just a fluke . Wrong ! They leak -- a lot . They do n't just sprinkle , they poor . My husband and baby were soaked every night while attempting to bond . Other people will tell you that it is all in how you twist the top on -- not so much ! Who has time to turn a top just right ? You ca n't twist too tight or too loose with this thing . I want to be able to just get it ready quickly and feed my crying infant ! I bought the Dr. Brown 's wide mouth bottles instead and they have been wonderful !!!! No special mechanics because they make their bottles for people who need ease ! Do not buy AVENT !!!
 Bottom line ... these bottles leak ! Not every time but when you have a hungry baby and formula is spilling out all over them they do n't want to wait until you can fix it . The bottle gets sticky . They need changed and sometimes you will need to change clothes yourself ! I tried all the little tricks you read about online but eventually one will leak . And for the price of these bottles one is too many ! Do yourself a favor and buy the Dr. Browns . It 's a little more cleaning but less aggrevation and happier babies . Also they are nicer to hold !
 For the price of these bottles you would like it to last more than a month . BUT IT DOES NOT . It leaks BAD . If you do n't mind you or your baby to smell like formula then it 's great for you . But I would not buy again or give as a gift to anyone .
 I was told by everyone that these bottles were the best ! I do n't know why the people who recommended them never had a problem with the leaking but I sure did ! The worst was rushing to feed the baby because he 's screaming and then having to remove the bottle from his mouth to fix the leaking cap/nipple . I wish the people at Avent would read these reviews . Maybe the bottles I bought were part of the `` defective lot '' but I spent so much money on 10 bottles and I threw out the pkg . so I just keep using them - making sure the bottle does n't leak BEFORE starting a feeding is a MUST now . Maybe I will try the playtex bottles when the time comes to advance in nipple flow before I spend the money on 10 # 3 Avent nipples .
 Based on rave reviews these bottles received , I was expecting to have a great experience with these bottles . However , I returned them to BabiesRUs after a few attempts at giving them to my son . He found it really awkward to latch on to the nipple , which I believe is what caused him an extraordinary amount of gas pain . It would start causing him pain right in the middle of his feeding . I went back to using the Playtex Nursers and VentAire bottles with the Natural Latch nipples and he does great . On a side note , I also had a leaking problem with one of the bottles as many others have also had . Unfortunately , despite the rave reviews , these were not the bottle of choice for my son .
 I am a new mom and I thought after reading the reviews regarding this bottle I noticed alot of people saying that they leaked , then others would say they arent putting the nipples on correctly . . Well , I want to say that before I nknow it when I am feeding my baby , the formula is all over the bib and her clothes and me and everything else in the path . It has happened to me enough times that I am switching bottles and trust me I did my research and these bottles are over-rated .
 These bottles leak and are a waist of time and money ! I read instructions throughly and bottles still leaked after a week of use so I decided to purchase the original Platex bottles and I am now satisfied . Sometimes new is n't always better .
 These would be good bottles if they did n't leak ! Milk ends up all over parent and baby . Not a good choice !!
 Is there some magic way to get these bottles NOT to leak ? Do the cap & nipple have to be perfectly aligned in order not to drip all over my baby -LRB- & me for that matter -RRB- ? Going to use evenflo comfi exclusively now . They do not leak .
 We recently bought three of these bottles . We still use them when the others are dirty , however , THESE BOTTLES ARE HORRIBLE !!!! They leak at random . The worst part is that it does n't happen all the time , so you never know when you are going to end up with a pool of milk at the bottom of your diaper bag , or will it wait to leak all over your baby . We 've found that no matter when it happens it 's a pain to have to clean up after a leaky bottle.While there are more little parts to wash , the Playtex VentAire NEVER leaks and seems to do a better job of keeping the air out anyway.WARNING
 I would not use this brand of bottles even if they were free . The bottles gave my daughter so much gas and they leak.I changed to Playtex Ventaire and they work great .
 Boy , were we wrong . I chose these bottles based on glowing recommendations from my veteran-parent friends who had no feeding issues with any of their babies . Add to that the literature that promises that Avent bottles are great for transitioning breast-fed babies back and forth from breast to bottle and that they reduce the colic and gas in babies . With all that , who could go wrong , right ? So we registered for multiple Avent products and seriously stocked up when our generous family and friends shopped off our registries . Then along came our son . From the start , he was fussy during and after feedings with Avent bottles and would take only about an ounce per feeding even as he grew in age and size ; then he would scream and cry for a long time as if he were both angry and in terrible pain . Classic colicky baby , right ? We struggled for about 2 months with these bottles and finally gave up . A friend had given us her daughter 's Dr. Brown bottles to try and up until that point , I refused to use them because they were so complicated with all those parts ; we were so glad we did finally try them because almost instantly , our son doubled his milk intake , burped less , cried less , and smiled more . This led to better sleeping and overall household peace . Our daycare caregivers could n't be happier either because they had to put up with all his fussing and screaming . So given the choice to do it again , I would save the frustration and misery and register for a bunch of Dr. Brown bottles because they 've saved my sanity and really improved my son 's quality of life . Maybe I can sell all these Avent bottles on Ebay or something !
 AFTER USING AVENT FOR 6 WEEKS BABY STARTED TO HAVE CRAMPS , GAS AND HUGE BURPS EVEN AFTER A PERIOD OF TIME AFTER BURPING . . MY SON WOULD BE GASPING FOR AIR . . NOT A HAPPY MOMMY ... AND A VERY CRANKY BABY
 I am a first time mommy and I did a lot of research before I bought bottles for my daughter . I am breasfeeding , but wanted to have bottles so my hubby could feed the baby occasionally . I bought Avent and Dr. Brown 's bottles and I will tell you , the Dr. Brown 's are MUCH better . Ok , it is a pain to wash the extra parts , and you ca n't mix the formula when all the parts are in , but I think they are still well worth the trouble . The Avent bottles leak like crazy and I could n't make them stop leaking , even without tightening it much like they suggested . Plus , my daughter hates these nipples . She takes Dr. Brown 's much more easily . The Avent nipples are harder and longer , she almost chokes ! My advice is skip these and get the Dr. Browns 's wide neck . They are also slow flow to avoid nipple confusion and they do n't leak like these ...
 We have used these bottles since my son was born . He is now 17 months old and he still uses them for his night time bottle . They do leak , and it is frustrating , but we have learned how to make them stop ... we push down hard while turning the cap and that seems to stop the leak . Hope that this advice helps , it has helped us .
 I have tried five different types of bottles and these are horrible . Do n't waste your money . Dr. Brown 's is the way to go !
 I like the Avent bottles because of the shape of the nipple . However , the bottles leak like crazy . It 's annoying because whenever we give our son a bottle , he ends up getting all wet . I 'd really recommend trying another bottle .
 We 've been using these bottles for 3 months now . We experience leaks about 20 % of the time - always at the most inopportune time . Sure there are many reader suggestions on how to try and prevent leaks , but these are hit or miss . How hard can it be to design a bottle that does n't leak ? Buyer beware .
 we could n't tell any difference in the amount of gas our baby had ... we tried practically every bottle available and the old fashioned plastic bottle with the plain nipple worked best .
 The leaking is ridiculous , and baby hates the nipples . geber 's nuk are much better .
 I spent SO much money on these bottles while I was pregnant , because they were supposively the best bottles to use while breastfeeding . The bottles are expensive so I thought they must be good bottles . WRONG . Expensive does not always equal good . I tried using these bottles when my baby was two weeks old , and the feeding session ended in complete frustration on mine AND my baby 's part . The nipple shape is horrible . Even the newborn nipples are WAAAAAY too long for a newborn 's mouth -LRB- and my baby has a BIG mouth . He was 9 lbs at birth -RRB- . Not to mention that these bottles let him suck SOOOO much air and caused him to spit up several times . I thought maybe my baby was just having problems with taking a bottle , so I went and bought the Playtex VentAire . Those bottles are a LOT cheaper and SOOOOOOOOOOOO much better . He took the bottle immediately and did n't get NEARLY the amount of air . Do n't waste your money on these bottles . They are NOT the `` best '' bottles to use while breastfeeding . SO if you are pregnant , do n't make the same mistake that I did and buy a whole load of these bottles thinking that they are the best .
 A friend recommended Avent , so I thought they would be good . WRONG . I loved that they have a wide opening . That 's great , except they leaked all the time . What a MESS !
 I recomend only buying one until you see how you baby likes the nipple . My baby could not latch on the these huge nipples with his tiny mouth .
 My son is breast fed , but we have given him an occasional bottle . He refused these . I got them because of all the great things I heard about them . I thought it would be easier for him to switch back and forth . No chance . He hates them . He hate the Playtex disposables too . He now takes Gerber bottles , traditional and New Traditions .
 We 've assembled nipples and rings while wet and while dry , and we still experience leakage about a third of the time we use these bottles . And when I say leakage , I mean BIG POOLS OF MILK spilling out onto our daughter 's clean clothes , sometimes when she 's very sleepy . If an Avent bottle ever leaks onto something really nice , I 'll consider sending the company a cleaning bill .
 I used the slowest flow nipple and my baby had formula spurting out the sides of her mouth ! Also these were very bubbly ! I switched to the Playtex Disposable System and have no problems ever since . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy too many of any bottle until you find one that works for your baby .
 These bottles leak . It does n't matter how you assemble them , or if you assemble them wet , or dry , or in space , or in a cave . They leak . Terribly . And Avent knows it . They will even replace your leaky bottles if you call 1800 54avent . Of course the ones they replace it with also leak . Buy Dr. Browns instead .
 I used Avent with my first child iin 2006 and I was very happy and had no problem . BUT the new BPA free bottles that I am using now with my second child leak all over the place . It 's very frustrating . DO NOT buy them until Avent fix the problem .
 unless you get the cap on just right these are leaky - i am not interested in playing with the cap a few times to get a correct seal when there are so many other bottles that never leak - I had 6 of them and thru them in the trash after countless leaks on my son 's chest .
 These bottles did n't seem to reduce the amount of air that my son ingested and also LEAK like crazy . I exchanged all of them .
 The bottles kept leaking I thought I had done something wrong . I tried buying new nipples but it does not matter . I use them just to store formula .
 These bottles are terrible . They will leak . They will drip . They will drive you crazy .
 I used Playtex disposables for my first child , and I thought I would rather use reusable bottles for my next child . I bought these bottles because they were supposed to be the best on the market . Well , it turns out that my son is allergic to milk which causes him to be very gassy -LRB- even on hypoallergenic formula -RRB- , and these bottles only seemed to make his gas and colic worse . They never leaked like so many others have complained about , but they sure did nothing to help with his gas and colic like they claim to do . He also spit up constantly while on these bottles . I 'm angry to have spent so much money on a bottle system that I will now be donating to a second hand store , and I have to go in search of new bottles that will help with his gas .
 I recieved the advent pump as a gift . I loved the pump so naturally I bought the bottles that fit it . What a mistake the milk leaked constantly . I used the stage one slow flow but my daughter -LRB- now 5 weeks -RRB- still gaged constantly . it would frustrate her to the point she refused both this bottle and my breast . I now use the maws angled bottles . These `` look '' similar to the advent system but work sooooo much better . She now goes easily from bottle to breast .
 If 50 % of reviewers complained that a certain kitchen fawcet drips , and the other 50 % said that it does n't drip if you use it correctly , would you buy it?Please do n't tell me I 'm tightening it too tight , etc. . If I need to read an instruction manual or go on the internet for tips on how to assemble a baby bottle , this is a manufacturing defect , not a user problem .
 I liked Avent Bottles , my daughter Liked them too ! Then I found out about Bisphenol - A being used to make the Bottles . After re-searching Bisphenol - A , I discovered that exposing my baby to harmful chemicals with the potential for long term affects later in life , was definitely not for me !! There are other options out there , all glass bottles are safe , as well as Born Free , Mam by Sassy , Green to Grow and Adrini . Do your own research . I 'm really surprised the non Bisphenol - A Free bottles have n't been recalled yet ! I 'm sure it 's just a matter of time , before enough people are educated .
 Just this morning I had to change MY CLOTHES due to this leaky bottle . It 's a shame because they are `` ergonomically flawless '' , yet the 9 oz version of this ruins nap time and feeding time because baby and parent get soaked!I would love to endorse this product , but after putting up with the leaks from multiple Avent 9 oz bottles , I have to say BUYER BEWARE .
 In theory I love these bottles . Short and stout makes it easy for my baby to hold , an makes it a bit easier to clean if it gets gunked up . I prefer the clear nipples over those sticky rubbery things . I do n't know anything about flow rates or excess air , my baby drinks anything from anything and always has . I just know that these appear neat and clean . Until you put formula in them . And shake them . And now you 're covered in formula.When I first experienced this problem -LRB- probably the day I bought them -RRB- I thought it was a fluke . Several times later I decided one of my bunch must be defective . So I mixed and matched the parts in vain , looking for the culprit . Never found it . The most frustrating part is that it 's inconsistant . Take a leaky bottle apart and put it back together and it may or may not leak . As at least one reviewer said , make sure all mating surfaces are completely dry . And clean . Not a speck of dry powder . `` Sometimes '' this helps.I always thought this was just me , until it became a big topic of discussion at a recent baptism . Everyone had stories . Daycare had never said anything , but yesterday I asked if they had problems and they begged me to buy ANY other bottle.Beautiful but unreliable . Must be a British thing ; -RRB-
 I purchased these bottles based on that Advertisement thinking they would be great to have for my newborn . HOWEVER i was horribly mistaken because these bottles are no different than any other normal bottle . They definitely do not reduce the amount of air my baby gets . I totally think this is false advetising in its finest , especially for a first time mom like myself trying to find a good product for their child . Go with PLAYTEX !!!! They are absolutely wonderful bottles and my daughter gets NO AIR !!!
 The advent bottles and nipples are terrible . My baby would not breasfead so I switched to bottles . The advent bottles with a newborn size 1 nipple tended to let too much milk flow through them . The baby spit up a lot of milk and it went down her chest . Also , she was sucking in too much air . These are supposed to be newborn nipples with slow flow , but they flow way too fast .
 I invested in a good supply of these bottles because they came highly recommended , I am a breastfeeding mom , and they are interchangeable with the Medela pumping systems . I tried them on my first child -LRB- now three -RRB- and she had problems with milk leaking out the sides of her mouth , even with the lowest flow nipple as a newborn . The leakage did not improve as she grew to an age where she should have been using stage 2 nipples . The bottles also leak around the lid ... Now with another infant , I decided to try these bottles again since I already had such a large supply of them -LRB- and a supply of stage 1 nipples that I never did use on my first child ! -RRB- I had the same problem , with the infant having leaking of milk consistently coming out of the sides of her mouth ... My friend has a now 4 month old , and she had the same problems with these bottles as well !
 I breastfed my daughter for nine months and then chose Advent while weaning , hearing that they are the best for weaning . My husband and I are so frustrated , they leak constantly . My child 's clothes and carseat are ruined . We tried tightening the cap and screwing it on loosely , the bottles still leak . It it unfortunate , as the nipple and bottle shape seem to work great with breast fed babies . I am greatly disappointed .
 My baby never wanted to take them , or when he did , he looked like he was going to choke -LRB- even with the newborn nipples ! -RRB- , and was doing a mess , with milk dripping everywhere . The Evenflo nipples were cheaper and better .
 First of all , they do leak . I have n't tried just not tightening them so much but I did n't think they were that overly tight.I tried these with my now three year old , and my 2 year old triplets . None of them , for some reason , liked these bottles . They 're too big , they 're also odd shaped , so they take up too much room in my already full dishwasher . T hey did nothing for my babies stomach aches and gas . I got rid of these and got plain older Gerber -LRB- costs less -RRB- for the triplets and Dr. Brown 's to help with my son 's gas .
 These bottles were recommended to me , but unfortunately my experience with them was never good with both the 4oz and 9oz bottles . The bottles LEAK when you 're shaking the formula , on your baby , and in the diaper bag if not in an upright position . I thought that the problem was with one bad bottle but it keeps happenig - after bying all the accessories for it I find myself looking for new bottles . I gave it a good try , my baby is almost 4 months old but it has n't been worth it .
 These bottles leak too much because the nipples are too big . I do however like the shape of the bottles because its easy to pour water in it .
 Bottom line , we have found that we needed to try several different bottles before finding the right bottle for both of our twins . These Avents were highly recommended and were great for breastmilk storage at the beginning when we first brough them home , but found that the nipples were nothing like the breast , did n't vent properly , and were not doing the job we hoped for!We tried Gerber and Evenflow and finally the Playtex disposable system , which we were hesitant because of the cost the liners . We found that they both did much better with the Playtex nipples since they did n't suck air and the nipple was more like the breast . We also found that the cost of the liners was n't much of a problem because the store brand is equally reliable.On the other hand , my sister-in-law has twins and swears by these bottles ! It all depends on your kiddo ! I have several of both sizes used only for milk storage since I was stocking up for two kids that will just sit there !
 I do n't use a microwave and the bottles still leak after a few weeks of using them .
 These bottles are awful . They leak constantly . Nothing you do stops them from leaking . Avent 's animation one their site showing you how to `` properly '' screw on the top is a joke . Tried it , bottles still leak.We might switch but we invested too much money in these bottles . Dont make the same mistake we have . Look at the reviews of other `` real '' people ...
 I loved the wide bottle and the nipples on the Avent bottles , but they always leaked . We tried everything possible and found that leaving the ring around the nipple a little loose helped somewhat , but did n't alleviate the problem . My son always ended up covered in breastmilk . There are lots of other wide bottles that work better and cost less .
 Not only do they leak all over the place , the nipples do n't fit properly -LRB- it 's not you it 's the nipple -RRB- They just plan -LRB- ... -RRB- Also my son he did ` nt like the nipple , it 's nothing like my breast.So I ended up going to the store to see if I could find the latex nipple Avent does not make one !!! Go figure . I went online to see if the company would be of any help ... NOT !!! So I ended up buying Gerber and Evenflow bottles and nipples ... HE LOVES THEM.So my bottom line is ... DO NOT BUY THESE BOTTLES ...
 It 's been 3 months and I 've officially broken down . The Avent bottles are HORRIBLE . They leak !! Its ridiculous how much effort I have to put into screwing on the nipple just to get it right . Not to mention wasting my precious breastmilk.Its time for me to switch brands . I just ca n't take it anymore.I saw the FAQ on their website and they do address the problem with a nice , easy solution . In reality its not that nice , neat and easy . Its a pain . Trust me , with a newborn you do n't want the stress of constantly fixing this mess-Mrs . R. Kilpatrick
 For being AVENT - these are horrible bottles for the dollar amount . I agree with the other viewers about the leaking and too big of nipples . My daughter is six months and can not go to stage 2 nipples because it comes out to heavy . They are very bulky and hard for my daughter . My daughter took to the Gerber bottles & pacifiers alot better . They are cheaper , smaller nipples and easier to load up in a bottle bag . I would not recommend AVENT bottles to anyone . Worst invenstment possible .
 I too registered for these bottles for my shower . I am a new mom and I thought that these bottles would be great . However , I was very disappointed to find that they would constantly leak . My son would get soaked during his feedings and I had to switch after only a few weeks . I have also found that by switching to the Playtex VentAire bottles that he does n't swallow as much air and does n't need his Mylecon drops anymore . These bottles are a terrible waste of money .
 I spent so much money on all of these Avent bottles because I THOUGHT they were supposed to be the best . Well , I 'm throwing them all in the trash now because I have had it with all of the leaks . I am so tired of formula being spilled all over my baby & me ! Also , the slow flow newborn nipples flow too fast for my baby and she chokes , coughs , and spits up . I just purchased the Playtex VentAire bottles , and she is much happier & drier !! I have n't had a leak or mess since the switch . Save your money & do n't buy them !!
 I was told that these were the best bottles on the market , and the nipples are a nice silicone that my son liked , but the leaking got to be unbearable after a while . How awful to pump an entire bottle of breatmilk and lose half of it on the baby 's shirt and on your hands ! At the daycare center , all the caregivers agreed that Avent bottles were n't worth it , and they should know , given that they deal with dozens of different types of bottles . There are lots of other bottles on the market that do n't leak at all -- I just switched to the Playtex nurser and my son has no problem with it .
 Baby is breast-fed and I registered for these so I could pump and my husband could feed her at night . Our baby hated the bottle and would n't take the nipple . The nipples , on the Avent , are too long and hard and would make her gag when she attempted to latch on . We switched to the Platex NaturalLatch and now she takes a bottle . The nipples on the Platex are much softer and shorter . Baby switches between the bottle and breast now , no problem .
 I registered for these bottles because I got the manual breast pump from Avent . The breastpump was phenominal but trying to feed my baby with these bottles , whether using breastmilk or formula , was impossible . The nipples get clogged and my son got frustrated from sucking so much . Also , they leaked every where , whether from saking them to mix the formula or just by feedin the baby , they always leaked . I wish I could get my money back . I went and bought Gerber bottles , which work perfectly !
 I used Avent bottles for my now 21/2 year old and found them great and horrible . They were great for mixing powder formula right in the bottle and very easy to clean because of the wide opening . The silicon nipples hold up well after many uses and even hold up well in the dishwasher . They also cut down on gas and spit ups because they are air tight . They are horrible because they leak !! Sometimes the lid would go on just right and I would have no problems and other times it would take me 10 tries before getting the lid on just right . I first thought I must be doing something wrong but after talking to several other mothers I found they were all having the same problem . This is very frustrating when you have a screaming crying baby who is waiting for her bottle ! I am now expecting twins and will not be using Avent this time ! I can not afford to waist 10 minutes trying to screw on a lid just right when I have two screaming babies waiting to be fed !
 I have a newborn who is 2 weeks old . After noticing feeding after feeding that the milk was coming out entirely too much from his mouth and making a huge mess . I decided to try the Playtex Nurser System . The Playtex bottles are so much better.These Avent bottles not only leaked from the caps like everyone complains about ... but the milk would leak from my baby 's mouth.I called Avent , and the rep said that its because the baby 's lips have to be outward doing a `` suckling '' effect ... WHO HAS TIME TO BE FUSSING WITH A NEWBORN TO SEE IF HIS MOUTH IS SUCKING CORRECTLY ?? In my opinion its a shame , cause I bought everything Avent , , and alot of bottles as well , and I was really excited about using the bottles .
 This was the first bottle i bought and to tell you the truth i hate it . This bottle leaks . The bottle made more mess tnan my baby . I no longer use this bottle .
 I hate these bottles - they leak ! They have caused problems soo many times by leaking on our baby ; then he gets upset , we have to change him , he 's wide awake ...
 I recently purchased the Avent Nuatural bottles -LRB- not disposable -RRB- and I am very unhappy . With my first son , I used the playtex ventair system . I decided to utilize this product with my second son due to the fact that I was nursing and the nipples facilitate transition to the bottle . However , I have experienced nothing but frustration and inconvenience with this system .1 . Firstly , I purchased stage 1 and 2 nipples . Both nipples leak from the sides of my son 's mouth so that I have clothes & burp clothes saturated with formula . The bottles also leak . In the FAQ section of the AVENT WEB SITE they suggest not closing the ring so tight . That 's ridiculous !! In the middle of the night who has the energy to be bothered ! I have two son 's only 15 months apart .2 . My baby was premature and has some oral aversion & the nipple length is so large it occasionally gags him .3 . Last but not least , the bottles are so large that they take up so much room in my diaper bag . I ca n't even find a dishwashing rack to fit the nipples & rings and just as they take up my whole top rack of the washer.Babiesrus do not return used or opened bottles so I am stuck with these . I wish I had used the vent aire system again !
 My son was not able to latch onto the AVENT bottles . He struggled to get the milk out of them and while doing so I could tell that he was swallowing a lot of air . The nipples just seem to be an awkward shape . He may have had a hard time adjusting to the AVENT nipples because he was primarily breastfed , but he had no problem switching from the breast to the PLAYTEX VENT-AIRE nipples . He is now 11 months and he refuses to even take a sip of juice out of the Avent bottles .
 I know that the Avent brand is supposed to be the perfect bottle for switching back and forth from breast to bottle , but whose nipple is as hard and erect as the nipple on the Avent bottles ? My baby had a hard time latching onto the Avent nipple and seemed to always have violent gas attacks right after finishing a bottle . I like how convenient and no-fuss the Avent bottles are , but I decided to switch only to make it easier for my little one . We now use the Ventaires , which are such a dream-come-true for feeding ! I still have the Avent bottles and hope to use them when I am no longer breastfeeding . Hopefully by the time he is sitting up and can easily burp on his own without having to prop him up .
 We registered for these bottles after using Playtex Vent Aire bottles with our previous foster kids . After a terriable first couple weeks with the AVENT bottles we switched back to the Vent Aire bottles . The AVENT bottles leaked all over our newborn , the nipples were way too big for her tiny mouth and the milk would come flowing out the sides of her mouth . She soaked 1-2 clothes per feeding we never knew how much was acctually getting to her belly !! Our little girl also had terriable gas pains , and very loud choking type adult burps while on these bottles . All this changed for the better after switching to Vent Aire . I do not reccomend AVENT bottles . They do look nice , and appear to be great but they are not !! I suggest using the playtex Vent Aire system .
 These are the most frustrating bottles I could possibly imagine . 3:00 AM , screaming baby in your arms , and the bottle you 've paid an exorbitant $ 5.00 for -LRB- because you want the best for your baby -RRB- is leaking like it does n't even have a top on . As if a new parent did n't have enough to deal with ! There have been times I 've wanted to smash these bottle with a sledge hammer.How hard is it to make a bottle that does n't leak?Avoid these bottles .
 I have been using these bottles since my son was 3 wks old . We tried every bottle on the market and this is the one he liked . It was so much like my breast it made switching between the 2 much easier . But now he drinks formula all the time about 8oz at a time and it is crazy that at 4:00 in the morning I have to stop everything to change him and that makes him even more upset ! I know how to screw the top on and I think it is crazy that you have to pay almost $ 5.00 a bottle and that you have to go through all these things to stop them from leaking ! He also has acid reflux and I thought this would be a great bottle to help with that . Now I am learning from my mistakes ! Were trying to get him to accept a new bottle and it is so hard because the avent bottles is all he wants now ! I do n't care what anyone says do n't use these bottles unless you want more milk on you and your baby than in the bottle ! It 's crazy they should fix the problem and it 's their problem to fix not the parents !! Come on now $ 5.00 a bottle ! I have 12 / 4oz bottles 9 / 9oz bottles that is a lot of money down the drain !!!!!!!
 I started with these bottles and found that they leaked all over everything , there is nothing more upsetting than having to change your baby after half the bottle has leaked all over you and the baby .
 I am not happy with the Avent bottles due to the leakage . I contacted the company who explained in detail how to assemble the bottles so that they do n't leak . It does work , however at 3am with a fussy baby I prefer a bottle that is quick and easy . Avent is not . I ended up switching to Dr. Brown and am very pleased . It does reduce gas as it advertised .
 Despite the hype about these bottles , this product is n't the best . They leaked if you did n't get the nipple on just right-of course you found that out after losing 1/2 ounce or more of valuable breast milk or formula . Also , when a babe breathes through it 's mouth back into the bottle more air bubbles were created and thus at the end of the bottle and feeding there was a mountain of bubbles to enter babies tummy if you were n't careful . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have used these bottles for 6 weeks and in the last 3 weeks of use My son had cramps , gas and very huge burps . He would even burp a while after eating . . He was gasping for air while feeding . . Not a happy mommy or baby ...
 I read over and over of how Avent had the best bottles in the business , so we registered for Avent . After our son was born , he could not latch on to the `` standard '' nipple that comes with the Avent bottles . Needless to say , we searched everywhere for an orthodontic nipple for the bottle . Does Avent even sell them ? It 's ridiculous for a bottle manufacturer to only market and sell one shape of a nipple for their bottles . Even Playtex you can buy different nipples . We have about 12 of these bottles from 4 to 8 ounces and ca n't even use them for who knows how long . We gave it a one star because there is no option for 0 stars . We ca n't even use this bottle at all thanks to poor marketing from Avent to see exactly what types of nipples to sell .
 These bottles just did n't work for my baby . We tried and tried for 3 and 1/2 months to get my baby to take these bottles but it just did n't work . My baby is mostly breastfed , and is only given a bottle occasionally , so I did n't give up on these bottles right away , just thinking that he was n't used to the bottles and that 's why he was having a tough time . My mom babysat and she has raised nine kids , all who were bottlefed , so she is an expert . She said to me that the baby just really ca n't use this nipple . He chews on it and could n't suck properly , the nipple seemed to hard for him . He could n't latch on right and all the milk would spill out the sides of his mouth . Well , I take anything she says seriously ! After investing alot of time and money in Avent , I decided to scrap them and start over . I went out and found a nipple that was closest to his pacifier that he loves . I found Gerber Nuk nipples , got four of them for about $ 4 and bought Especially for Baby bottles for a whopping $ 2.99 -LRB- you get 3 -RRB- and my baby LOVES them !!!! THe bottles are cute -LRB- the gerber bottles would be fine , too , but they were n't cute enough ! -RRB- He takes the nipple right away and finally the bottles are emptied in no time . What a relief . I am sure Avent is good for some babies , but not mine , even after months of `` training '' . My advice is to try different bottles before settling on one kind . One more note , I read the other reviews that talk about leaking , I did n't have this problem at all . The only leaking was from my son 's mouth when he could n't latch on properly . But my cousin used Avent and they leaked terribly for her and she switched to Dr Browns . I would have tried Dr Browns but it looks like their bottles have the same nipples as Avent , too hard and not good for my baby . Expensive is n't always better !
 I started my newborn out using the Avent bottles . After a few weeks , she began crying alot . You could hear the gas moving in her tummy , and every time her tummy would grumble , she would pull her legs up and shriek in pain . She would also pass gas constantly . It was so difficult to feed her because she would cough , spit and cry the whole time . Then she would be miserable with gas pains for hours afterwards . I tried switching formulas - did n't work . Tried mylicon , Zantac , gripe water , bicycling her legs , etc. etc. etc. . . nothing worked . The pediatrician diagnosed her with colic and said there was nothing we could do , that she would outgrow it . Finally , we decided to switch bottles -LRB- I switched to Playtex nursers . -RRB- Instantly we noticed a difference ! She was extremely quiet during feedings , did n't squirm or cry ! She began ingesting almost TWICE as much formula per feeding -LRB- probably because her tummy was too full of gas to take in any more with the Avent bottles ! -RRB- and would go longer between feeds . And when she swallowed , it sounded different - you could tell that she was no longer swallowing air ! Something about those Avent bottles made her swallow tons of air . I think it was the suction that was created inside the bottle as she ate . With the Playtex nursers , the liner inside the bottle contracts as she eats , eliminating any air bubbles . She is a completely different baby now . She is more alert and interacts with us much more because she spends less of her awake time crying.So if you decide to buy these bottles - BEWARE . If you are already using them and your baby has colic , switch immediately ! Do n't just assume that colic is `` normal '' or will be `` outgrown . '' Babies do n't deserve to suffer this way !!!!
 I purchased these bottles for my second child and found out that unless you screw them on `` RIGHT '' they leak . With my first born I used the Dr.Browns , they 're really great for transition with breastfeeding . I do not recommend the AVENT bottles at all , although I do think they 're ISIS breastpump is really great .
 These bottles are so annoying . You have to screw the nipple on just right otherwise the liquid just spills out ! I have had these bottles for almost a year and still have not figured out why they leak sometimes and not the others . I will never buy these bottles again . They are expensive and totally a waste of good money that could go toward better things -LRB- we all know there are plenty of other things money can be spent on when it comes to children ! -RRB- .
 All over the place . Yuck . All over baby , all over everything . I am switching to something else . These have to be a joke .
 We used these bottles for our daughter over 3 years ago and they seemed to work fine . So , we purchased them again for our son , who is now 7 months , and they leak just about every time we very tightly seal the bottle . I would not recommend these bottles !!
 A nurse at the hospital recommended these bottles to us after I had my daughter . They worked great for a few weeks , but then they started to leak . When they leak , you can take off the lid and rub your finger around the inside of the rim to strengthen the seal . It stops it from leaking , but it 's a hassle . Being a first time mom , I thought perhaps this was a problem with all bottles , but my sister uses playtex bottles and has never had a problem .
 You turn the cap less or you make it tight , No matter how you try , you wont get it right.You think they drank four , but they only got three , Because below their mouths , the bottle 's on a leaking spree.The thing is going to leak , screw it as you might.Who needs this aggravation , at 3 in the night.Warm milk or cold milk , no matter what it holds , Its gon na leak out and seep into their neck folds.You 'll need a calibrated wrench , from the Institute of Measures , Who needs these leaky hassles , to feed their little treasures.Each time I use them now , I end up swearing , Many have leaked similar complaints , how can Avent be so uncaring ?
 These bottles leak terribly . We could n't figure out why at first . After reading online complaints , we found out that the inner seal vents need to be aligned a certain way to prevent leaking . The problem , however , is that they repeatedly slip out of place even after they have been arranged properly . It is a terrible product .
 I 'm writing because I 'm horrified by how many new and expecting mothers assume that Avent bottles are so great just because they see everyone else with them . I was one of these mistaken fools
 I have a 2 yr old and I used these faithfully with her when she was a baby . The biggest problem is they leak all of the time . The formula would get on the couch or me or my daughter . We then graduated to the sippy cup , just adding the sippy cup part to the exsisting bottle , well these leak too . I am having our second child in April , and I will be switching to another brand !
 Here is our experience
 Leaks ! Especially difficult to get a tight seal if you use one hand -LRB- while holding baby -RRB- . A much better design is the Breast Flow Learning Curve First Years bottles . Instead buy The First Years 3pk . Breastflow 5oz . Bottles These worked much better for me .
 We have uses these bottles for 2 months . About 1 out of 3 bottles leak . And we 're not talking a drop or two . We 're talking about milk flowing out of the cap as if it 's not even secured . You can insert the nipple into the screw cap , hear the `` click '' , squeeze it tight , squeeze it loose , squeeze it any degree between , but they leak . AVENT 's website even has a section on how to prevent the bottles from leaking . You want to know why ? Because they leak . AVENT bottles must be the poorest designed product we have used in the past year . They leak , and they leak . They leak at the worst times , they leak and the best . If you want to ensure that your feeding experience with your child will be ruined 33 percent of the time , by all means - waste your money on this poor excuse for a product . AVENT should be ashamed of themselves .
 The good points ... easy to clean , no stupid liners to deal with , clearly marked nipples , correct measurement marks on bottle sides -LRB- surprisingly uncommon -RRB- The bad ... impossible to tell if the collar is screwed on correctly , until you shake it and milk gets everywhere , or dumps all over baby during feeding . Also slowest nipple is much faster than playtex or gerber , and tough for slow eaters to get used to.The screw issue makes these useless for me to travel with , as everything gets soaked . Just a stupid design .
 Out of all the bottles on the market , Avent bottles are the easiest to clean because of the wider shape . My baby also seems to be comfortable with drinking from this bottle . The most annoying thing though about these bottles is that they leak . I 've tried so many techniques and sometimes it will still leak . One would think that Avent should figure out a way to resolve this . Aside from the occasional leaks , these bottles are perfect .
 I registered for this bottle because I read it was the best to use when breastfeeding . But my son was not able to latch on to the nipple well . When I fed him from this bottle , the milk would leak out of the sides of his mouth -- a lot ! We switched to the Playtex disposable nurser with the orthodontic nipple shape , and he latched on to it perfectly -- no leaking at all !!!! I wish Avent would make an orthodontic nipple , because now we have all these bottles that we ca n't use . Also , the lactation consultant I talked to recommended only using orthodontic nipples if you 're breastfeeding . I learned this after I already received these bottles as gifts .
 The lactation consultant recommended these bottles to use while breast-feeding . We were having troubles latching on and were told the wide nipple would help him get a wide mouth . These bottles did n't work for us . The nipple flow was too fast . They dripped all over . He was very fussy after eating because of the gas . The Mylicon drops did n't help much.I even tried the Avent bottle with the plastic bag for less air . It did n't work either . It was impossible to get all of the air out . There is a feature at the bottom of the bottle to push up the liquid , but it did n't go all the way to the top and was also frustrating . Plus , the regular Avent nipples do n't work with this bottle . You have to buy more nipples . We did n't care for these at all .
 I know that every baby is different but I just wanted to share the experience that I have had with the Avent bottles . For my 2 month old daughter , they have resulted in gas , spit-ups and major discomfort . At every feeding , she would spit-up 2-3 times . After one ounce of formula , she would cry because of the gas pains . Feeding became a nightmare . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I hate these bottles , I have a ton of them that I have registered for with my first baby who is 16 months old . I heard they were the best from the store , but when you have a screaming baby who wants to be fed then you have to take the bottle away cause it is leaking all over them and you lose half of your breast milk , it really makes us both mad !!!!
 I am a department supervisor at a Babies R Us store and I am considered to be a baby product expert in my store . I have written a review about Avent bottles in the past but now I have discovered something new to add to that review . For the first time ever , I started researching parent satisfaction with the cheap Gerber bottles that we sell in our stores . I never paid them any attention in the past because I was focused on the `` hot '' bottle systems of our times . Although I am a Dr. Browns loyalist , I must say that Gerber seems to be just as good as Avent , if not better . I dont think that Avent is bad , I just think it is bad that people think it is the best bottle system in the world , and also that people are recommending them to friends all the time when they really are not that special and not worth the money . Every bottle system that Babies R Us sells has an `` anti-colic '' system built in . The whole point of anti colic systems is to find a way to get air in to the bottle to replace the liquid that is coming out , while at the same time sending that air far away from the babies mouth . Avent , gerber , evenflo and playtex all have systems that can and will fail much of the time . They all work very comperably but Avent is the only one that has leaking problems often . There is really no point in spending the money on Avent when you can get the same thing for less . I would rather see a guest of my store spend $ 10 total for cheap gerber bottles than $ 40 for Avent . I just feel like I am ripping them off otherwise . If anyone would like a detailed description of the anti colic systems used by all of the bottles at BRU , please e-mail me and I will write you back with lots of information to make your choice easier . Saisajo@yahoo.com Good Luck and happy bottle hunting !
 I received these bottles as a gift . They were fine for the first few days , but after a couple of weeks they started to leak . I had 4 , and 3 of them leaked . I thought I screwed the top on wrong , but after having poured formula on my son several times I relized it was n't me . The bottles are now in the trash . I recommend Dr. Browns bottles , they work really great .
 I bought the avent bottles and sterilizing unit.At first I thought they were great . The sterilizing unit was super convenient and easy to use.After using the bottles a few times , I noticed they really started to leak . Formula would actually pour out from under the collar when tipped to feed baby . Let me tell you , this is not fun in the middle of the night ! baby 's clothes would get soaked.I switched to the Platex disposable bottles , I LOVE THEM.Never have to scrub or sterilize a bottle again ! And the best part , they NEVER leak !
 All they do is leak . . I was so disappointed with the whole Avent system .
 I registered for the Dr. Brown and Avent bottles for my first baby . I prefered the shape of the Avent bottles and the shape of the nipple to the long/narrow shape of the Dr. Brown . And they were easier to clean . HOWEVER , after several times of formula leaking onto my son 's chest and soaking his clothing and neck and hair I started to throw away nipples and caps , thinking they were faulty . I bought new ones . Then I learned they leak due to the way they are screwed on . What a hassle ! I now have twins and use all bottles I own -- the Dr. Brown narrows and the Avent leaky 's . I have learned to live with the leaks -LRB- I always remember to check them before I give them to the babies -RRB- . But , now that Dr. Browns offers the short/wide neck bottles I would recommend them hands down !
 Like many others , I registered for these bottles because they were supposed to be the best out there . After they started leaking , I just sucked it up for a while . Then I got aggravated enough to write to AVENT on their website . They wrote back to me that I was screwing them on too tight . So , i took their advice , and now , after washing the diaper bag for the umpteenth time because the contents of the bottles spilled out all over , I have written to them again . I do n't think that I should have to worry about how tight I am screwing the tops on . I should be able to twist the top on and rest assured that my child wo n't go hungry and scream because his formula is all over the bottom of the diaper bag !
 The bottles were fine at first , but are now terribly leaky 3 weeks after I started using them !! Most of the breast milk in the bottles is wasted because of the leakiness . Waste of time and money !
 These bottles leak horribly . Yes , I know how to work a bottle . They leak all over the baby . I would recomend Dr. Brown 's wide neck bottles . So much less air gets in the bottle and the nipples are ideal for switching from breast to bottle . These bottles are supposed to reduce air bubbles ? Yeah , right . Do not waste your money .
 These worked good for about 3 weeks and they started to leak . I went to the Avent website and they said that I was overtightening the bottles and that was causing the leak . Well less tightening did not help . Do n't waste money . I am using the Playtex Premium Nurser now and it 's much better .
 &#60; br / &#62; Whenever I want to give my baby -LRB- and my arm -RRB- a nice soothing bath of formula , these Avent bottles work GREAT ! Almost every time I take the bottle from her mouth a cascade of warm formula gushes out from under the collar . What a treat ! HOWEVER , if you do n't like soaking your child or yourself with whatever is in the bottle , try another brand . But are n't the bottles pretty ?
 These bottles come with an extra plastic piece on the inside . Most bottles do , except with the other bottles the plastic piece is disposable packaging . Do n't make the mistake of throwing it away when you purchase AVENT Bottles or else you 'll end up with a wet baby from the leaking bottle . Why purchase these more expensive bottles when you have an extra piece that needs to be washed and kept up with in order for them to function properly ? I do n't get it ! I recommend Nuk bottles as a better plastic alternative .
 I had thought I loved these bottles ... but I have never been so dissapointed and frustrated ... 2am , my daughter is completely soaked !!! now she is starving , freezing , being changed and hungry in the middle of the night !!! they leak so much and formula is expensive !!! I want my money back !!!
 My opinion is that Avent Philips has developed a faulty product . I purchased the two pack of the 9oz bottles . They leak . The vents leak milk/formula . I went to the Avent Philips website and found where the company recognizes this flaw and suggests to reassemble the nipple and bottle-cap portion while still wet from cleaning and do not overtighten . Still leaks . Then through further web-searching I found where an outstanding user of these bottles mentioned to reassemble the lid and nipple with at least two of the vents under the threads of the cap . This has limited success . In the end , I am overly frustrated with no response from Avent Philips to my inquiries and further frustrated with the fact that one needs a degree in product engineering to assemble a friggin ' bottle to feed their child ! My recommendation is to find a bottle that you can put the lid on and not worry about the positioning of vents , over-tightening , etc. ...
 Philips must have a deal with formula makes cause these things leak . No fun to change your baby every time you feed and have sticky hands and wasting expensive formula . They are very expensive , thought they might be good , but they are not good . Not reccomended .
 I got these bottles as a gift and since bottles are expensive , I used them . I had no problems in general , my baby used them fine from the time she was 5 weeks old . I 'm just weaning her now at 13 mos . The major complaint I have about these is that they leak around the rim like crazy . Sometimes you have to unsrew it and put it back on two or three times before you can keep them from running all over . And , no , it 's not just one . All of them did it .
 I bought the Avent bottles with the best of expectations . The first sign of my let down was how bad they leaked . If you screw the lid on too tight , they leak and you have to loosen it so they wo n't . I recently discovered that my son 's trouble eating was also due to the large size of the nipples . I switched to the the old faithful , Playtex Nursers , and he 's eating much more relaxed and much better now . I ca n't tell you the difference . The nipples are just too fat on the Avent system .
 I bought these for my daughter . I have been using them since she was born , but I have had -LRB- like a lot of other people -RRB- trouble with them leaking . I have had so many problems with leaks that I am considering not using them for my next child . Sometime the only way to fix the leak is to take the nipple out of the ring and run water over it . As you can imagine , this is not very helpful when we are away from home . I have tried to just not screw them down as tight , but it does n't always work .
 The manufacturer claims these bottles vent and therefore reduce gas and spit-up , but I do n't think we found it 's effective . Besides , they do leak a lot , and are very touchy about how you screw the ring on . Sure , you can wet the nipple like the maker recommends to create a seal , but if you sterilize your bottles and nipples wetting them with tap water defeats the purpose of sterilization . So you pretty much have to assemble the bottle right before feeding . We also were very frustrated by the fact that the nipples wear out fast -LRB- get larger holes -RRB- , yet they are stiff making it frustrating for the babies to suckle . As compared to other feeding systems , this is not worth it - get Dr Brown 's instead and save your money , because if your baby has problems with gas you 'll probably end up trying Dr Brown 's anyhow . I have twin boys and we feed them breast milk that I pump , so leaking is such a waste ... I would n't recommend this feeding system .
 I purchased the Avent bottles because I heard they were the best . They were very expensive but I bought them anyway . I am very disappointed with these bottles . They leak alot !! Not just a tiny drip here and there but streams of formula running down the bottle onto my son and his clothes . He is often soaked after feedings and I have to completely change his outfit . I tried not tightening the bottles so much and I must admit that it helped . But I still get about 1 leaking bottle a day . Just enough to soil me or my son 's clothes . The only good thing is that they are super easy to clean . I am to cheap to go out and buy a bunch of bottles that are a different brand . Who knows if those will work either . But I would not recommend that anyone buy these bottles . More expensive does not mean better !
 I also was told that this was the best bottle for a breast feeding baby . We introduced the bottle to my daughter and she would not have anything to do with it . She would open her mouth and shake her head back and forth . She never latched on to the avent nipple , but the very same day did not have any trouble with the evenflow.I know that all babies are different . With that in mind , if you want to try these bottles only open one to start with . That way you can return/exchange others if you child is like mine.Sadly I did not follow that advice and gave a good friend about 10 Avent bottles .
 I loved this bottles for the first few months . Afterwards some bottles started leaking around the rim a little then worsened . Gave up on them after several weeks of trying to figure out how to stop it from leaking . Switch to Gerber bottles , they work just as well and they do n't leak .
 I do NOT recommend these bottles . They leak on you ! As in at 3:00 AM , as in - in your diaper bag leaving ounces of stinky sticky formula all over your clean change of clothes and everything else in your bag ! They leak from where the white collar twists onto the bottle ! You have to triple check the seal repeatedly because they will not leak and 5 minutes later leak .
 REGARDLESS OF WHAT PEOPLE SAY THESE BOTTLES LEAK , THEY CANT BE TIGHTENED THEY ARE POOR QUALITY ITEMS , CHEAP 1.00 BOTTLES PERFORM BETTERTRUST ME ON THIS LOOK ELSEWHERE I HAVE 10 OF THESE BTOLLES THAT I DO N'T USE.DONT BUY THEM -- YOU LL REGRET IT
 REGARDLESS OF WHAT PEOPLE SAY THESE BOTTLES LEAK , THEY CANT BE TIGHTENED THEY ARE POOR QUALITY ITEMS , CHEAP 1.00 BOTTLES PERFORM BETTERTRUST ME ON THIS LOOK ELSEWHERE I HAVE 10 OF THESE BTOLLES THAT I DO N'T USE.DONT BUY THEM -- YOU LL REGRET IT
 these bottles have given us nothing but problems they leak all the time and make a huge mess !! Not worth the money !!!
 I was excited to use the avent bottles because I had heard that they were pretty good . The design was appealing as well as the comfort . I started using the 4 oz . bottles on my newborn and to my dismay the darn things started to leak during feedings . At first I thought the cap was not tight enough , but that definitely was not the problem . Having the bottle leak and drip all over the baby and my hand was becoming quite a pain . I would NOT reccommend these bottles ... . i was very disappointed in this product .
 I 'm very unhappy and disappointed with these bottles . besides the bottles leaking between the bottle and the ring the flow is too fast for a newborn . i also bought the starter set that comes with newborn nipples and still the flow is way too fast for my 1 week old daughter . when i feed her the formula comes out so fast she just ends up spitting most of out and then she chokes . i did n't want to give up on these bottles so fast especially because i bought 9 of them ! so i went to the store to see if i can find `` real '' newborn nipples . Well the ones that I did find which are the ones that came with the set are for babies 3 + months . Not helpful to me right now . So I just basically wasted a lot of money on these bottles . We 'll see how the disposable Avent bottles work . Right now I switched to the Playtex disposable bottles and DO NOT have a problem at all with these . this is my 3rd child so i 've tried a lot of different bottles and always seem to go back to the disposables . Also the Playtex Vent Aire bottles are really good too.i read the review from `` claire 's mom '' on how to stop the bottles from leaking which i have to admit did help but because they are that complicated i do n't like them not to mention the fact the nipple flow is not for a newborn .
 I am online now looking for new bottles . I 'm not sure why it even took me this long . My daughter is 3 months old now , and we received so many Avent Bottles at my shower that I could probably stock Amazon.com 's shelves with them ! At any rate , bottom line ... they leak . They leak so badly , and there is nothing that you can do that will fix the problem so that I am guarenteed a dry baby 100 % of the time . It 's like playing Russian Roulette . Hence , I never get her dressed up in something that I want her to stay remotely nice in before a feeding . I also have a baby that spits up about 80 % of the time , and I will be very curious to know how she will be after making this switch . I believe I am going to purchase the Dr. Brown 's system . At least 3 bottles anyways and we 'll see how it goes . Anyone that thinks they might be interested in these overrated Avent bottles , Good luck , and make sure you also buy extra `` Dreft Laundry detergent '' while you are at it ... you will need it . : -RRB-
 Avent is not a good product . The bottles do not prevent baby from getting too much air in their tummies . One thing I really hated about these bottles is that they leaked ! When I would go to shake up the bottle , I would get formula everywhere . So , I would unscrew the nipple and tighten it again . Same thing . I 'm sorry , but I expect bottles not to leak when I pay almost 5 dollars a bottle . This product is a gimmick !
 These bottles leak something fierce . I have twin boys and am currently pumping milk and bottle feeding them . It 's hard enough to pump milk for two babies . But then to have the milk come spilling out of these poorly designed bottles . It 's so frustrating . Does anyone at AVENT use this product ?? If so , maybe they would make a better quality bottle . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND staying away from these bottles .
 I was having my 3rd child , with the other 2 I used Gerber and wanted to try something new . So I had seen the Avent in all the magazines and the brand just keep coming up , so I assumed it has to be a great bottle . I bought all the entire set up of Avent . I had to give it to my friend , she is still breast feeding so I have yet to find out if it will work for her . I went to the store and bought my Gerber and could n't be happier . They are easy to hold not big and bulky like Avent.Avent is harder for a baby ready to hold her/his bottle to do so . I recommend buying one of each of the brands and not buying the entire set up . . bottles can not be returned so it becomes a waste of money .
 I recieved boxes of these bottles as gifts , every one of them leaks . I tried everything to stop the leaks , but nothing worked . Avent makes a great manual breast pump , but they need to put a better bottle on the market .
 Ironically , right on the bottle it says `` Made in England '' . Frequently , in the middle of a feeding , a lot of the milk will start running out through the seal between the nipple and the bottle , directly onto your child , your pants , your furniture , for no apparent reason . If they could solve the leaking problem , these would get 5 stars , but they just leak .
 Really disappointed with these bottles and am glad my daughter will soon be on to using a sippy cup exclusively . I 've read the instructions and still have leaky bottles about 2/3 of the time .
 My -LRB- thankfully free -RRB- Avent bottles leaked and it was very frustrating . Today I bought my daughter the toddler Avent cups - AND THEY LEAK , TOO ! Unreal .
 This was the first bottle I purchased for my daughter when she was born . I was breastfeeding but since she had jaundice , I had to suppliment formula for the first 2 weeks of her life ! I had the worst time with this bottle ! It leaked everytime I went to shake it and whenever I would try to feed my daughter she would literaly drown because the flow was too fast . SHe would also gag and had horrible gas ! I stopped with the formula till she was 6 weeks and I thought maybe since she was older she could take it a little better . It ended up being the same problems again !! I switched to the playtex nurser and those bottles are great ! I would recommend them to anyone who is breast and bottle feeding ! My daughter did not get confused and she did not drown in formula ! Even though it is a little more work with the drop in system , I dont care ! I can push the air out of the bottle and she swallows less air and she has less gas and spits up less !
 I registered Avent bottles after hearing from family how they were such great bottles . Even though I was breastfeeding my son , I had to supplement him with a bottle , so he got used to drinking from a bottle right away . It would take us forever to do a feeding . He would keep spitting the bottle out . A simple feeding would take an hour . He was also screaming out in pain after having his bottle because he would get so much air from the bottle . After 1 week of pain for my son , I went out an bought new bottles . I bought Ventaire bottles and Playtex bottles and those have worked so well . Now , our feedings are fast and he does n't fuss afterwards . I would NOT recommend these bottles .
 Everyone told me that these were `` the '' bottles . So , we bought newborn as well as the 9 and 11 oz sets . Here were the problems with these bottles/nipples :1 . Nipples are too long and too tough ... the baby would almost gag on the nipple when feeding and would fall asleep quickly because she was having to work too hard .2 . The bottles had a vacuum effect - every few minutes I would have to unscrew the cap and screw it back on to stop the vacuum effect , which would stop the milk flow from the nipple . Every time I had to re-screw on the cap , milk would start leaking . I followed the directions exactly and did not over tighten the cap , but still the problem persisted .3 . The nipple flow was too slow or too fast . My newborn could n't get anything from the newborn nipples and would fall asleep from exhaustion . We then went with the next size up -LRB- faster -RRB- and that worked . Once she outgrew that speed , and needed the level 2 and 3 , they were too fast . There was no inbetween .4 . The nipple flow rates work differently on each sized bottle . I do n't know what causes this , but she was able to eat with the 2 flow nipple on the 4 ounce bottles , but when she needed more food , and we tried the 2 flow nipple on the 9 ounce bottle , the 2 nipple flowed too slowly.Overall , my experience with these bottles was exasperating . I felt like I was a `` sucker '' for falling for the latest fad . I then went to the store and bought one of every bottle out there . She went for the Playtex Nurser with the latex nipple -LRB- they are softer and more flexible -RRB- and has loved it ever since . Have n't had any problems what-so-ever and finally feeding is a happy experience.One thing I can say is that the Avent bottles with the wide neck are perfect for mixing formula in . We actually mix the formula in the Avents with a hand mixer and then pour the formula into the Playtex . Also , we can use the Avent bottles with the sippy cup conversion pieces , so the money we spent on the bottles is n't a total loss . We now have more sippy cups than we could ever possibly want or use !
 I agree with several other Mom 's regarding the leaking bottles . It is so frustrating to loose precious Mothers Milk because of a leaky bottle or have messy sticky formula all over your kitchen floor . I would not use them if they had not been given to me as a shower gift .
 While I have nothing but good things to say about the claim that this bottle helps to reduce gas and colic , I am extremely dissatisfied in the structure of the bottle itself . You must line the rings of the bottle and the nipple ring up just right or the contents of the bottle -LRB- 4 - and 9oz and sippy cups -RRB- will leak right from under the ring , as the ridges in the bottle and the ring do not go all the way around . It is extremely frustrating to have half the contents of your baby 's meal spill out onto their clothes , especially if you have breastmilk supply issues like I did , where half a bottle could have cost you a full day 's pumping . I would suggest that if you are looking to prevent gas and colic , try the Dr. Brown 's or the Ventair 's . If I had it to do over again I would not choose this bottle , and when I have another child I will use a different system altogether .
 My daughter liked the nipple but got to much air . I tried these and the Dr. Brown but ended up going back to Playtex Nursers -LRB- I used these with all my other kids -RRB- I wouldnt recommend these .
 I love the ease of transition from the bottle to the sippee cups , but wish I could use the New Traditions bottles from GERBER to nurse my baby and then switch to the AVENT cup system . No matter how much we adjust the nipple and bottle neck system it leaks ! Even in the sippee cups the union leaks . I love the feel and shape of the sippee cup spout and so do my kiddos , but it is not fun to always be cleaning up juice , breast milk , and formula from baby and you ! If you want the wide mouth system try GERBER New Traditions . They have 3 different nipple types , with variable flows , and an incredible bottle shape that makes it easy for baby and parent to hold . I just wish THEY had the transitional cups also !!! Unfortunately the nipples are different diameters ! I gave AVENT 2 stars for their compatibility from bottle to cup , but other than that I would give them none . ...
 These Bottles leak . I could n't believe that there was something wrong with the bottles ... they were too expensive to have this type of problem , so I started to try different techniques like changing nipples , not tightening too much , but nothing worked . The disposable bottled works OK . My baby is 1-year old now and I have throw away all these bottles even though I am expecting again . I had to professionally clean the carpet because there were milk stains all over the house .
 I hate these bottles . No matter how I put them together they would always leak . ...
 I received a really nice gift pack of Avent bottles at one of my baby showers . The quality of the bottles is great , but they do n't work for everyone . The leaked horribly . When I say leak , the milk did n't come pouring out of the rim or anything , but the nipples are an odd shape that can be difficult for some infants to master , causing the milk to run all over their face and clothes . My husband got so frustrated with the amount of milk running down our 2 month old 's face that the threw most of the in the trash . I gave the remaining bottles to a friend who is having the same problems with her 3 month old . I would n't waste the money on these - the Evenflo Ultra 's are better
 I weaned my baby without any serious problems using these bottles . They seem to have a great nipple , but the leaking has come to be a serious inconvenience . Long story short , I 'm looking for different bottles .
 These are not the cheapest bottles on the market so I was surprised to find that they leak constantly . I know that many reviewers have said that there is a specific way to assemble these bottles but in 4 months I have tried EVERYTHING and I still get leaks ! After spending countless and painful hours pumping my breast milk it is very frustrating to have all of it pour out all over my daughter and me . Not to mention that these bottles have ruined many of me and my daughters ' shirts and have permanently stained our couch . Another scenario that I continually face with these bottles is cleaning up formula or breast milk off of my walls and floors because sometimes they leak when I shake them for mixing purposes . Also , most of the time when I am running errands I have to run home to get more milk because the bottles leaked out half of my supply . Bottom line - you have to change your baby 's clothes enough in one day without having to do so because of a leaky bottle . Save your sanity and clothing - go with a different brand !! P.S. I just bought all new Dr. Brown 's bottles and they are wonderful !! My baby actually has less gas than with the Avent ones . They are harder to clean though .
 I agree these bottle leak terribly , from the beginning . My husband figured out the simple engineering flaw , and its kindof appalling they do n't fix them . I guess they think mothers like to be messy .
 I bought these bottles on the advice of my doctor without reading the reviews first . They are great in terms of feeding/cleaning ... which is why I gave two stars ... but as many others mentioned they leak like crazy ! They are not worth the investment . There are many other good bottles out there ... do n't even try this one .
 I have been extremely disappointed in the performance of these bottles . The Avent bottles leak all the time . I even followed the instructions on the Avent website about overtightening but the bottles still leak.I am tired of constantly cleaning up the mess from these bottles and am sorry I paid the extra money for them . Do not buy these products . There are too many other good products on the market for you to waste your money on these .
 Ok , I 'm glad that I 'm not the only one who noticed that these bottles leak . I bought these thinking that these had to be the best bottles on the market because they were more expensive . I have the whole system ... warmer , sterilizer , reuseable and disposible bottles and sippy cups . The reuseable bottles leaky like crazy . At first I thought that it was just one bottle but then they all started . When I called the company they tried to say that maybe I was tightening the bottles to tight and that was just not the problem . The woman on the phone did n't deny that there was a problem with the bottles leaking and sent me new nipples . My son became very colic when I switched from breast milk to formula and I changed his bottles to the Avent disposibles -LRB- with liners -RRB- . These ones are much better and expensive ... no leaking nipples but you have to be careful that the liner is over the rim properly or it will leak . I did go out and buy the Playtex Nurser to see how they were . I love them ... the drop-in liners are much easier , neater and cheaper ! You can also get the generic drop-in liners at CVS and they work just as well and are cheap . I also changed the ugly brown nipples to the clear ones that are similar to the Avent . My son had no problem taking both . If I could start all over again I would have gone with the Playtex Nurser and saved the money . The sterilizer only works well with the Avent bottles , too . My Mother told me to go with the Playtex because that is all she used with me but I did n't listen . This was my baby and I wanted to call the shots but Mom was right ! I never write reviews ... this is my first one ... I had to let others know before they spend the money and find out the same thing I did . I wished that I would have read the reviews on the bottles but I thought these were the best ... period ! One good thing I have just recently found is the bottle holders for the Avent bottles . Now that my son is 5 months and the colic has subsided , he is trying to hold his own bottles . This holder is making it easier for him . I will just have to keep replacing the nipples , I spent too much money on this system to replace it !
 The bottles are great except for two things
 Worst bottles ever . Every one of them leaked on the first feeding . Continued to leak even after routine troubleshooting measures . Do n't waste your money .
 I ca n't even begin to say how much I HATE these bottles !! Like many before me , it 's the leaking that makes me insane . I have two older children , who were also bottle fed , and NEVER did I have a problem with a leak at all , let alone almost every single bottle . But with my third child , because these Avent bottles came so highly acclaimed , `` award winning '' , I thought I 'd try them . What a crock . Not only are they ridiculously expensive , they soak everything , all the time . So I went on the net to try and find solutions to the problem , found some helpful hints , but no tip works everytime , they still leak . Not only that , what I noticed in my search , is that this is an issue that 's been going on FOR YEARS ! Why have n't they fixed the problem yet ? Why was the internet reviews FAR more helpful than Philips web site ? It 's a bottle ! It should n't be so complicated . How these bottles got such a great reputation to begin with is absolutely beyond me , but they ca n't possibly ride that rep for too much longer since word is spreading . I would never , ever recommend these bottles to anyone ! Furthermore , I also bought the bottle sanitizing kit , also expensive , lol , it was a freakin ' tupperware container you add a little water to and put in the microwave ! Yes , definitely feel like a sucker , but I hope someone else gets to benefit from my mistake and not buy these.If I have one positive thing to say , it 's that when I called Philips to complain , they were quite polite , and sent me complimentary nipples and rings . I appreciated the gesture , but they should just fix the problem instead of placating people . And yes , the ones they sent me ? Those leaked , too .
 These bottles are very finicky and if you do not put them together just right they will leak ... not drip ... POUR out all over the floor , and if it is breast milk that is gushing out of the bottle you may just be crying too!I ended up with a full set of these bottles -LRB- without the ring -RRB- and one that required the ring -LRB- which I felt leaked less -RRB- , I could never justify going out and buy all new bottles , so I dealt with these for 11 months . I have now weaned my son off of these and onto a sippy cup because I just could not deal any longer!What 's the trick ? Well , the nipple has these three little lines on it and inside the screw on part there are solid parts and slotted parts -LRB- sorry if this does n't make sense -RRB- . You have to line up the lines on the nipple with the solid parts on the bottle top . This requires two hands , so you will also need to find a place to put down your screaming baby while you concentrate and get it all lined up perfectly . Once you have them lined up , now screw on the top . You have to make sure it is nice and tight . Now , shake it and see ... . it leaks ! It is because when you screw the top onto the bottle the nipple shifts and turns as you screw it on tight , so all that time you spent lining up the holes with the slots is garbage . Take it off and try again . Finally you will get it right and only then can you give the bottle to your starving child.I can not wait to throw them all in the trash .
 The bottles leak sometimes and not others . Great when they do n't leak but when they do-everyone is wet and sticky ! I will never buy these bottles again and have told new moms not to buy : -LRB-
 I have used these bottles for 6 months now and they LEAK.It does n't matter how tight the top is , they leak about 70 % of the timeand have to be resealed . It 's very , very inconvenient when milk dripsall over the baby and by the time you 've finally got it sealed he nolonger wants to eat . I think the bottle is a really poor design.I would definitely not recommend them.Note
 I assumed I would use these bottles . I assumed they would be the best . They get so many great reviews and all the business about being great from breast to bottle . I like the way they look as silly as that is and they are very sturdy and well made . But that 's where the plusses end . As for them reducing bubbles , ridiculous . They have the most bubbles of all the bottles I 've tried and I 've tried several bottles thus far . Also , the stage 1 nipple is MUCH too easy and fast for a newborn and/or breastfed baby . My daughter is 5 weeks old and primarily breastfed . She gets milk so easily from that size 1 nipple , if I use it too often , it takes her a while to suck properly at the breast . It just drips out much too easily . Once , I breastfed her exclusively for three days , on the fourth day I gave her this bottle and she was choking on how quickly it came out . I have since found a couple bottles that work so much better for us and I know that every baby is different and everything is trial and error so I suggest you just buy one ! We have eight -LRB- 4-4oz , and 4-9oz -RRB- because we got them free with online specials for other things we bought -LRB- microwave steam sterilizer and the avent isis breast pump - both of which I recommend -RRB- . I continue to use them , though , for storing and heating milk in the bottle warmer since one of the bottles I use uses drop in liners -LRB- which I NEVER thought I 'd use , but work great -RRB- . Trial and error - good luck with your little ones : -RRB-
 Most people I talk to love the Avent Bottles . However , my daughter , primarily being breast fed , had trouble with these bottles . The flow on the stage 1 nipples was way too fast and milk would run down the sides of her mouth . We currently use the Playtex Natural Latch nurser system , and have had no problems feeding .
 We registerd and received these bottles because of high recommendations from breastfeeding consultants . All we can say is YUCK ! Our daughter HATED eating from these and would cry and fuss until she finally got so hungry and took them . She never had a problem with gas or spit-up , but feeding her from this bottle was a nightmare . Each time my husband fed her , it was a battle . So , we switched to the Playtex Natura-Latch nipple in slow flow with the bottles with disposable liners , and she took it on the first try . She started eating right away , and has NEVER cried or fussed while eating from this bottle . This eased my mind knowing she will eat when I go back to work !
 I bought these bottles for my two month old daughter because I thought it would be a nice bottle for her to & quot ; grow with & quot ; . Well , it was a total waste , the nipples are too hard for her to suck -LRB- I would recommend nuk nipples -RRB- , and they do n't vent air as well as other nipples do so she throws up everytime she tries to eat from one .
 I registered for these bottles because everyone I know uses them and loves them and they 're supposedly great for switching back and forth from breast to bottle -LRB- great since I exclusively use breast milk -RRB- . However , my son would suck for half an hour and could never get much milk out -LRB- has to work too hard , he certainly does n't work that hard at the breast -RRB- . Also , he did n't like the nipple shape , he kept trying to put his mouth over the whole nipple to latch on.I gave it two stars since the bottles are definately sturdy and nice looking and my friends have had good luck . Also they work in warmers whereas the ones I use now do n't . Unfortunately I now have a pantry full of these bottles from baby showers.If these nipples give your breastfed baby problems , try the Playtex natural shape -LRB- disposable and also the new ventair natural shape -RRB- . Every baby is different but good luck .
 I am a department manager of a baby retail store and I spend most of my day educating moms and other associates on items such as bottles and breastpumps . I have been a manager at the store for a year but before that I was a full time nanny for a baby who used Avent bottles . He was the happiest baby in the world and I guess if I wanted to , I could have attributed that to his using avent . However , on many many occasions , I would buy him bottles so that I could keep some at my house and I never bought avent , only cheap ones and he was still a very very happy guy after using these . I know that he was not a happy baby because of Avent , but because that was his character . He was not prone to gas nor was he colicy so it did not matter what bottle I used . I have spent the last year talking to parents all day about what bottle they used and what their friends are telling them to use -LRB- if they were expectant parents who had no other children -RRB- . At least 80 % of the time they were told to use Avent bottles . However , their friends never have any idea why exactly they love them , they only know that they use them and that must make them the best . Even people who hate that they leak so much and have colicy babies will still tell friends that they must use Avent , seemingly because they use them . I agree that they do work good for some babies but almost always , the babies are the ones like I took care of who will use anything . Trust me on this one , no one ever gets past me in my store with any bottle without me asking them questions about how they like them . A mom will say `` I love them , they are the best '' and then go on to tell me -LRB- after more questioning -RRB- that they leak sometimes and that her baby has been having a little problem with gas and then she will throw a box of Mylicon gas drops in her cart and move on . Please , do not recommend them to your friends just because you used them . You can tell your friends how they worked for you , but be honest about it and dont make your friends feel like they are the only bottles they should ever buy if they love their babies . If you are expecting your first baby , dont be afraid to buy or register for one or two of these bottles , but also buy or register for a couple Dr. Browns , -LRB- which hold true to the `` hype '' 95 % of the time -RRB- and maybe even a couple playtex disposables . The later two are great for colic but ESPECIALLY Dr. Browns . Just read those reviews too before you decide.Happy Bottle hunting .
 As a first time mom of twins , I believed the ads about these bottles and registered and got the whole she-bang ... bottles , nipples , storage rack , sterilizer , etc. . Common sense should have told me that tiny baby hands could n't hold a bottle that big around . Besides that , the nipples split and turn yellow with use , the nipples turn under , making it hard to know if the lid is on tight until formula has dripped all over the baby , and the measurements are often wrong on the bottle ... the 4 oz mark should be at 4.5 oz . My sons were having a huge problem feeding themselves until I tried some cheap Gerber bottles that had come free in the mail ... the little ones that fit perfectly in their hands ...
 I would n't recommend these bottles . There ae many others out there with the same benifits , minus the hassle . I ca n't even COUNT how many times I have been soaked in a mother 's breat milk because of the leakage . I have tried screwing them extra tight , I have tried screwing them on the looser side , ... I have even tried putting them on crooked ! LOL They do n't leak all the time , but when they do , watch out ! It comes pouring out like a river ! Personally , I used the Playtex disposible bottles . You can get the same great `` mother like '' nipples , same easy clean-up , same gas reduction , and a LOT less leakage ! None . . Imagine that ?! If you 're gon na use the Avent bottles , make sure you have some extra milk/formula , for those occassions you lose half the bottle on you lap !
 This bottle leaks all over my baby.My husband bought a Gerber Suzy 's Zoo bottle one day when I left my diaper bag at a restuarnt -- NO LEAKING AT ALL !! Suddenly I realized my baby does n't have to have a permanently wet neck ! She did n't seem to have more gas either!I am buying more Gerber bottles , Playtex and a couple of others now to compare leakage/gas etc. . Avent does n't seem to be all its cracked up to be .
 These bottles -LSB- leak -RSB- big time ! I 'm really mad that I bought so many of these bottles for my twins only to find out that they leak ! We do n't over-tighten them -LRB- only when one leaks on us ! -RRB- . I would not recommend buying this imported yuppie bottle system ! So many people should n't be having this problem with these bottles .
 I HAVE A SON WHO SUFFERED FROM COLIC PROBLEMS SO I FOUND THIS BOTTLE LEAKED AND HAD LOTS OF AIR . I BOUGHT DR BROWN AND IT HAD NO AIR AND HELPED WITH HIS COLIC STOMACHE.I AM ONE OF THOSE PARENTS THAT AVENT DID NOT WORK FOR ME SO EACH CHILD IS DIFFERENT .
 ALL THE BOTTLES I HAVE LEAKED I DONT RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE
 I purchased these bottles for my baby and she had nothing but problems . Constantly had major tummy aches and severe gas , I was to the point of trying everything even changing formula , that did n't work . My husband reminded me of a mom in babies r us who said she had the bottles and her baby had a lot of gas and once she changed her bottles he was fine . Well we changed to the dependable Playtex Nurser and my baby if perfectly happy.She never has a tummy ache and gas is very rare . It look me 3months to figure this out and now I feel horrible that my baby suffered , do n't let your baby . I have heard of this many times and I wish I had listened . If I could have given less than 1 star I would have !
 THESE LEAK ! We have done everything the mfr recommends and other people and when you have 2 crying babies at 3 am it is no fun leaking formula everywhere ! I reluctantly put up with them for 3 months and then I said enough and bought cheap Gerber bottles w / med nipples and have n't had one leak yet and we have been using for a month now . They are also lighter and easier for our sons to try and hold onto and when you have to prop , which you have to do sometimes with twins , they do n't roll . I have no more messes in my diaper bags , my fridge or on my babies from leaking formula . I unfortunately have over 100.00 worth , giving them to a friend having twins , she does n't mind leaks I guess . A BOTTLE SHOULD NOT REQUIRE A PHD TO TIGHTEN ! THE GERBERS ARE FOOLPROOF AND BY THE WAY , THE BOYS HAVE LESS GAS AND SPIT UP TOO ! One more bonus - they take up a LOT less room in the dishwasher . Sometimes expensive is not better .
 These bottles leak , do not buy them . Screwing on a cap to a bottle should n't require such frustration when you are trying to feed a hungry baby . Invest in Playtex Ventair instead !!!
 I have used my LAST Avent bottle . I ca n't tell you how frustrated I am over lost breastmilk that leaked out of these bottles . It seems that if you OVER-tighten or UNDER-tighten the bottle top , you end up with the contents leaking out - all over baby . There should be some kind of gasket inside the bottle collar . There is nothing but plastic on plastic . I thought these were supposed to be primo bottles as they were recommended by my birthing class instructor . Wrong . I have finally switched to `` drop-in '' liners and have n't lost a drop . Save your money !!
 I am so upset because I really wanted to use these bottles for my daughter . I heard such good things about them as far as the reduced air swallowing but those bottles just leak so much & I understand that if you keep untwisting & retwisting the cap that eventually it will stop leaking , but honestly who has time to deal with that ?? I do not recommend these bottles to anyone ! And this is not the first I 've heard of this problem ... Almost everyone I talk to that uses these has the same leaking problem ! Has anyone let Avent know & are they going to try to fix it because I 'd really like to use these with future children ...
 I was very disappointed with the Avent system . We had my son on the bottles for almost 3 months . He had constant gas and colic which was very painful for him . At first we thought it was the formula ; then by process of elimination we realized it was the bottles . We frequently upgraded on the nipple size up to stage 4 - which became very pricey . He became so frustrated that he only ate in small amounts -LRB- 1-2 ounces -RRB- . After a recommendation from a friend we switched to Dr. Brown 's . He is now eating normal amounts and is not gassy .
 As a first time mom , I bought and received different types of bottles/nipples to find the ones that worked best for my daughter . I 've tried the plain old Gerber bottles , Johnson & Johnson Ventaire -LRB- too many parts ! -RRB- , and the Avent bottles . I 've been using the Avent bottles and Gerber bottles simultaneously -LRB- my daughter has shown a preference for Gerber Nuk nipples since day one , but has since been able to adjust to using the Avent nipples as well -RRB- . I was using the Avent bottles mostly for breastmilk storage without incident until last week when a sealed 6oz . bottle emptied into the diaper bag . Now it seems like all have them have started leaking . They worked great for awhile , but are now useless . For all new moms - buy the Gerber bottles !! You can get a pack of 6 for the same price as 1 avent bottle . They come in two sizes -LRB- 5 oz . / 9 oz . -RRB- , do n't leak , and you can even use different types of nipples with the Gerber bottles -LRB- I used the Ventaire nipples , plus the Gerber Nuk nipples -RRB- than the ones they come with . If you are using a Medela pump -LRB- I use the Pump In Style -RRB- , you can even hook up the Gerber bottles to the pump and use the little yellow caps that come with the pump kit on the Gerber bottles ... Great buy ...
 I bought these for my 2-week-old since I 've heard many good things about them . I 've had them for a week , and they leak like crazy . Today , one of the bottles toppled over in my diaper bag , and ALL 3 oz leaked out in a matter of minutes . I 'm taking these back today and switching to something else . These are just way too overrated .
 My wife and I made the mistake of buying about $ 75 worth of AVENT products for our son . The nipples are HUGE butmore importantly , these bottles LEAK incessantly.I went to the website and read the FAQ regarding leakage and their -LRB- supposed -RRB- remedy . Tried their suggestions . Still had leakage . Called their Customer Service - they were very courteous and sent me 4 bottles . These too , LEAKED.You can not tighten the ring too tight or the bottle leaks . If you do not tighten it JUST RIGHT , it still LEAKS . Extremely frustrating when your child is hungry and becomes upset when each time he/she tries to suck , they receive a face full of formula.We trashed all AVENT products and moved to Dr. Browns - have not had a single problem since . Avoid these like the plague.The design is seriously flawed .
 I tried the Avent bottles for our twin sons . The lowest flow nipple was way too fast , and my sons would end up wearing half their meal . And we would frequently experience leaks from the nipple not creating a seal with the bottle . It was a mess . We switched to Dr. Brown 's bottles . The boys love them , and they seem less gassy since we switched . At four months , we graduated to the level 2 nipple , and the boys took to it easily . I still occasionally use an Avent bottle to mix formula , because it is nicely shaped . But then I pour the formula into a Dr. Brown 's bottle to feed the babies .
 Being a first time mom , I bought this bottles thinking they were the best , but they are not . The nipple resembles the nipple of a breast it is very good , but the nipple hole seems too big for a newborn nipple , the milk comes out to fast , she almost chokes , that 's how fast it comes out !! -LRB- It is suppose to be for newborns , I even bought a second batch of newborn nipples & still it came out too fast !! -RRB- I noticed she ate to fast , she made a lot of bubbles with this bottle , and got hiccups every time after her feeding and colics . . I bought a bottle called Dr. Brown & it is the best !! With this she ate slower , she no longer made any bubbles , she did not get hiccups everytime I feed her , and her colics have gotten better .
 These bottles leaked on us after only a month or so of use . We 've switched to Evenflo , which has a nipple I think more accurately mimics the real thing and does n't leak . The best thing about the Avent bottles is the wide mouth , but it does n't compensate for losing all that milk every time !
 Everyone used to tell me that Avent bottles were the best . They were supposed to give out less air and cause less gas for the baby . When my son was born we had to give him both breast and bottle . When it came to bottle time , mixing the formula was even a nightmare . The bottles leak if capped on too tightly . I 've heard this from several other friends also . It leaked all over my hands and continued to do so everytime I prepare a bottle . Secondly , the hole in the slow flow nipple is actually too fast and made my newborn baby gag and choke several times . I thought maybe it was just his digestive system adjusting . But no , I noticed just letting it drip on my hand that it was flowing too fast . And if that was n't enough , from the day we used these bottles I noticed my baby was spitting up way too much no matter how much I burped him and he had way too much gas than I thought he should . We finally decided to switch to Playtex and see if there was a difference . YES there was . He is less gassy , he eats a lot better and barely spits up . And now , there is no mess or leakage . I would n't recommend the Avent bottles .
 No matter what the reasons are , it leaks ! and it is very frustrating .
 Like everybody else , we registered for the Avent bottles because they seemed to be such a good line and very popular - it was our first baby so we were clueless - and we thought all bottles were basically the same anyways . These bottles are absolutely terrible and they literally LEAK all over the place !!! By the end of a feeding , there is more milk on my son and myself then there is in his stomach . Talk about frustrating - and it is always the middle of the night feedings when they really leak everywhere - not good . I would tell anyone who will listen to go with a different line of bottles - as soon as my son is done with these , they are going in the trash -LRB- I already threw one bottle away in a late night fit of rage -RRB- - if I can even stand it that long !
 These bottles are horrible ! I never listened to the bad because I thought that people didnt know how to use them properly , well I was wrong . I was getting so frustrated with them I threw most of them in the trash . Coming home with a soaked diaper bag is not fun at all . Go for the Playtex nurser system , they are the best bottles ever and probably always will be .
 I purcahsed this system after reading some of the positive reviews on this site . Quite frankly , I do n't know what the fuss is all about . They leak . The flow rate of the nipple was inconsistent . The did not reduce air intake . I finally went with the playtex disposable nurser and both my son and I are much happier . He nurses better , the flow rate is consistent and he takes in less air . Do n't waste your money on Avent !
 I wished I had read the reviews before purchasing the entire Avent Feeding System ... These bottles leak horribly . I have had entire bottles empty themselves into the bottom of the diaper bag , and all over my newborn and myself . I feel for the cost of these bottles , the design leaves MUCH to be desired . I highly discourage everyone from purchasing this system .
 The appearance and size are nice , but these bottles cost too much to have them leaking all over you when you are trying to feed your baby . They are not worth the money because they leak way too much .
 I really wanted to like these bottles because they are wide and they do n't have any funny parts . But these things leak and leak . What a shame .
 Everyone raved about these things as if they were the best thing since sliced bread , so I registered for them ... then bought a bunch more myself . At roughly 4 bucks apiece , imagine my disgust to find that these things leak constantly !! I 've spilled milk on my son and myself w/these bottles . I know other people have said that if you do everything correctly , they wo n't leak ... in my opinion , if it 's that much of an exact science to keep a product from leaking , then the product is not up to reasonable standards . I switched to cheap Evenflo bottles and never had a single problem with them . I wish I had my cash back for the Avent ones . I 'd advise NOT using these or at the very least , only buy a few before making a decision on whether or not you like them . Believe me , if you have the leakage problems we had , you will be glad if you do .
 I have been bottle feeding my son since he was born using the Avent bottles . After 6 weeks of constant leaks with these bottles , my husband and I had enough . The formula would soak my son during feedings and when we made the bottles we would lose half of the formula in the sink . We tried everything ... putting the bottles together when wet , resealing them , different heating methods , ect . NOTHING worked . The nipples also seemed too large for my sons mouth . I would not recommend these bottles . We switched to the Dr. Brown 's bottles which were well worth the money .
 I have been nursing and am now switching our daughter to abottle . We 've tried several different bottles and these were the ones my daughter will take . We have a terrible time with them leaking . Breastmilk is like gold to me and its very frustrating when I pull the bottle out of the diaper bag with half of it all over the bag !! We are currently trying different brands again .
 My daughter is a week old and at first , these bottles worked great , but only after 2-3 days , they fill up with so much air and bubble up the milk that i end up losing about a 1/2 ounce of milk b/c of the bubbles . Also , I 've noticed after my daughter drinks from these bottles , she tends to get very gassy as oppose the the gerber new traditions contour nurser .
 These bottles leak terribly - every time I fed my baby he got soaked in formula . These things are way overpriced and not worth it !
 These bottles are WAY overpriced and every single one I own leaks terribly ! Every time I fed my baby he would get drenched in formula because the bottles leak at the ring . I kept trying to test them when I fille dthem with formula , and after heating they leak every time . I have stopped using them and use a less expensive - but better - bottle .
 I have been using all different brands of bottles and the Advent bottle is by far the worst . They leak from between the ring and the bottle itself . They should not be so sensitive to put together . Most mommies and daddies do not have to cottle the bottle into behaving like it should . Do n't waste your money .
 After breastfeeding my baby girl , I decided to switch to a bottle and chose these because of their `` reputation '' of being `` good '' . I would definitely not recommend them . She had more milk on her than in her ! I have switched to the Playtex VentAire with great success .
 I loved these bottles because of the shape . I thought my breastfed baby would make the switch easily . Was I wrong ! They were too hard and the nipple was too long . She also seemed to choke a lot . Maybe the flow was too fast . We switched to another brand with a latex orthodontic nipple and she does fine . Buy a couple of different brands before you commit to one system .
 I chose these bottles because they were thought to be the best and most expensive on the market and was very disappointed . I got the whole system and later realized that the bottles leak ! I had many frustrating nights changing my son 's clothing at 3:00 am because he was completely soaked from these bottles leaking out of the side.It is very hard to tell how much he was getting considering that half of the bottle was leaking down the side . Every member of my family has tried to prevent the leakage and it is impossible ! After all the money invested in this product I am very disappointed and do not recommend these bottles to anyone .
 I too like many other mothers were excited about using the Avent system . However I should have checked out recommendations for this product . I have read that many other people are having the same problems with the bottles leaking . My son is now three months old and I just ca n't deal with it any more . I have tried everything to stop the leaking but my efforts are useless . I have switched to another bottle .
 They leak . They leak often . And when they leak , they leak a lot of formula . There is usually enough formula on the baby with out the need for a dousing from the bottle itself.It does n't matter how you tighten the bottles . Hard or lose
 The only good thing I can say about these bottles is that they can turn into a sippy cup otherwise its so frustrating they leak all the time I have 5 bottles that all leak my friend had the same problem not worth it I hate hearing my son cry because I have to stop and mess with the bottle .
 I recently had a baby boy and I purchased Avent bottles because I heard and read that they caused less air to enter the baby 's stomach so I purchased them . I have not been pleased with these bottles because they leak . More milk has spilled on my baby 's and my clothes during his feedings and I have never had that experience with any other bottles , therefore I am getting ready to purchase new bottles and they wo n't be Avent . I would like their customer service number to offically complain .
 I got the Avent Manual Breast Pump for pumping at work and wound up having the milk all over my hands , bathroom floor & my carrying case . The milk seemed to be quickly leaking out all over the place , from the neck of the container and down the pump . I am so upset over purchasing this product . This Pump is more of a disappointment than the leaking bottles.Also , the milk gets caught up in the pump head area and does not even flow down to the container . I detest this product .
 These bottles leak all over you and the baby , it 's easily the most annoying thing in the world . I am pregnant again and plan to purchase an entirely new set of bottles because it is extremely frustrating ! I would not reccomend these bottles to anyone . The only plus about them is their size , the 9oz are shorter than others and the wide mouth is easier to fill .
 I agree that these are the worst bottles on the market . The shape and concept of them is great but they leak . For such a high price you would think they would be perfect . Mine leaked all the time so I took them all back . To my stupidity I bought the Avent sippy cups thinking they might be better than the bottles were a few months ago . What a surprise , they leak too !!!!
 We had trouble using these bottles , the nipples -LRB- size one -RRB- were too fast for my baby . Every time she would swallow she was spitting formula out the sides of her mouth because she was getting to much . She was also coughing alot due to the speed of the formula coming out.In addition , we had bubbles galore in the bottles!We switched to another brand and we do not have any of these problems.Save your money and go with something else ! Expensive is not always the best !
 This message is for the mother that had spent a lot of money on Advent bottles . I , too , have purchased bottles and unfortunetly they are not helpful . The bottles are leaky and I find myself playing with the bottle to ensure it has been put on properly . This process consumes a lot of time , which in turns makes my little one upset for he is waiting to eat . When you hear a lot of great things about a product and invest in it , only to find out that it was not such a good idea .
 I hate to be the voice of dissention , but I 'm writing this review during yet another consecutive sleepless night as a DIRECT result of these bottles . In a bottle system , priority # 1 is supposed to be effective delivery of the food into the baby . Turning my baby 's fomula -LRB- and more , see below -RRB- into frothy , foamy whip that is sure to be spit up and have my baby wailing in gas-induced discomfort is a BIG negative in my book , no matter how `` cool '' this system is supposed to be . I 've humored my wife so far by using these after she decided that since some book told her these were the best , it must be so . Everytime I feed our 1 month-old , the output of the nipple into her mouth is a frothy foam -LRB- every single # 1 and even # 2 nipple has done this -RRB- . Guess what that foam equates to in her stomach ? She 's squirming and making churning stomach noises after SECONDS of feeding , and openly crying in discomfort after only an ounce . Even worse , we thought it might have been the formula , but it even does this with my wife 's pumped BREAST MILK !!! The system may be neat , trendy-looking and convenient to some , but I 'm sorry , I 'm insisting that we become un-trendy and un-cool by switching back to something that does n't make my baby 's stomach into a frothy latte everytime she feeds ! The whole reason I 'm online right now it looking for something better ...
 ... I really wanted to get him used to the bottle so that I could leave him with my brother , and nothing else worked so I tried the Avent . Well , it did n't work either . My kid preferred the real thing . I guess the Avent does n't work for everybody ...
 I bought the 3 pack 9 0z set for my twins . My babies cried every time they drank from these bottles . The bottles leaked every time I put them in the diaper bag . And the flow was very slow for even newborn babies . I have been using Dr. brown 's bottles for 5 months and they work just fine .
 The negative feedback about these bottles leaking is 100 % true . Save yourself the frustration and skip Avent .
 These bottles were terrible for us . They leaked no matter how many times I tried and followed the directions . They also did not keep my daughter from being gassy . As soon as we changed her bottles to the Dr. Browns she slept through the night with no wake ups . I was not a big fan of these bottles and neither was my daughter .
 I am a first time Mom and I was told that Avent was the best for gas and colic . I hesitated since they are not cheap but who does n't want the best for their baby so I bought them . They leak precious breastmilk that my baby should be drinking . The leaking would leave him hungry and so I would have to pump again . I went on various websites to see if there was a solution and the solution was do n't screw it on so tight . Who has time to think about all that nonsense in the middle of the night when your baby is crying for food . I would not recommend these at all . What an utter waste of money !
 -LRB- This is a long review , but if you read the whole thing it may save you some money and frustration . If you just want to read the bit about the Bottles , jump down to the 6th Paragraph and read from there -RRB- I used Avent products with my first child -LRB- 5 years ago ! -RRB- and was absolutely thrilled . Back then , I was a solo-mother on welfare , so the cost was a real struggle for me , but I was so thrilled with the product that I found the money to buy the things I needed for my child.Five years on , and oh how things have changed . This time around I am married and have the funds to be able to buy whichever brand I want , without money being a consideration . So , I eagerly stocked up on all things Avent . I bought the 4 oz bottles , 9 oz bottles , disposable bottle kit , Isis Electric Breast Pump , pacifiers , Bottle & Food Warmer , Bottle Tote , Formula Dispeser , Microwave Steam Steriliser ... the whole shebang!The first thing to go wrong was the Isis Breast Pump -LRB- $ US150 from Babies ` R'Us -RRB- . It would work fine for anywhere between 2 and 10 minutes , and then the suction would slack off and the rhythm would go out of whack , stopping the flow of milk from my breast . I would then have to turn off the machine and pump manually instead , or be left only partially expressed . I was reliant on the pump to take off my milk , as my baby would not latch , and I really wanted to keep giving her breast milk . When the machine broke down I contacted Avent and asked for a refund , as I was going to have to replace the machine . Avent told me that it was a non-refundable item , but if I waited a week they would send out a label for me to ship the pump back to them and then IF THEY FOUND A FAULT they would then repair it and return it to me . They said it would take 2-4 weeks . And what was I to do without a breast pump for a month , I asked ??! The lady on the phone suggested that I purchase their manual pump to use in the meantime , and boasted that it would only cost me about $ US50 . Needless-to-say , I lost a lot of money on this , and was absolutely furious !! I threw the worthless pump in the trash and ended up 100 % formula-feeding my baby.Then there were issues with some of the nipples tearing , and they were less than a month old . I figured this was just my misfortune , so rather than make a fuss about it , I simply replaced the nipples at my own expense.Next came the distorted bottles . I noticed one day that the plastic of one of the 4 oz bottles was warped . I thought it a little odd , but again thought that I had probably just caught a wonky batch and did n't think too much about it . Then another bottle warped , and another , and another , and another ... fairly soon I had 5 warped bottles -LRB- some 4 oz , some 9 oz -RRB- . Enough was enough ! I called Avent again and complained , only to have the woman on the phone tell me that I must n't have read the instrustions on the MICROWAVE STEAM STERILISER properly . The woman asked me to confirm the wattage of my microwave , the amount of time I was putting the bottles in for , and how much water I was using -LRB- 900W , 5 minutes , 200 mls -RRB- . After telling her , she confirmed that yes , that was all correct , but she still said that I must have been doing something wrong during the sterilising process.The lady sent me out a label to send the bottles back to them for ` testing ' . She said that once the bottles had been tested then they would get back to me . Well , while waiting for the label to arrive , I ensured that I absolutely was following the instructions correctly when I used the Steriliser , but I still managed to have two more bottles warp on me , giving me a total of 7 warped bottles to return !! I finally got the label and sent the bottles back . About a week later Avent called and said that the tests showed I had `` overloaded '' the Steriliser , and that had caused the bottles to warp . She said that `` as a one-off courtesy '' they would replace the five 9oz bottles . I pointed out to her that I had stacked the Steriliser as told to do so in the illustrations of the instruction booklet , and when I asked about the two 4 oz bottles I had also returned , she denied that they had received them -LRB- even though I put them all in the package myself !! -RRB- and refused to discuss the matter any further . So , I have lost 2 bottles , and have a steriliser that apparently likes to melt bottles regardless of how cautious I am about follwing the directions.The other things I have had issues with are the pacifiers and the Bottle Tote . The pacifiers had a hard edge on the silicone , which was very uncomfortable for my newborn . I ended up replacing these with a different brand , as Avent wanted me to return the pacifiers to them at my own expense before they would consider replacing them . The Bottle Tote packaging states that it will keep bottles warm or cold for `` up to 4 hours '' . This is more like `` up to 2 hours '' , but even that is dubious . In order to get the bottles hot enough to stay warm for 4 hours , it would have to be boiling water , but if you put boiling water into the bottles , the pressure becomes too much for them to handle , so that 's not an option . I have ended up throwing out the Bottle Tote -LRB- which cost me $ 15 -RRB- and purchasing a mid-size Thermos . -LRB- I put the water of about the right temperature into the Thermos and take empty bottles with me . I even use the Thermos at home , so that I do not have to wait for the Avent Bottle Warmer to hurry up and do it 's thing at 3am ! -RRB- I also have the Via Nurser Kit and addtional containers , but have found that the lids sometimes do not seal properly , and therefore leak . Very annoying , especially when you had pre-mixed formula in the container , your baby is hungry , and you 're an hour drive from home!I am absolutely disappointed with Avent . Almost every product of theirs that I have purchased this time around has been defective in one way or another , and their cutomer service level has been absolutely pathetic . They have obviously never heard `` the customer is always right '' because the have continually placed the blame solely on me for the issues that I have had.Avent used to be a great company with a great product , and now it seems that they are simply relying on their good reputation of the past to carry them through the future . It 's not good enough . Their products are NOT worth the money anymore , and I strongly recommend that no one buy any of their products . There are tons of very good -LRB- better ! -RRB- products available on the market , and I will be replacing all of my Avent equipment with another brand as soon as I can . -LRB- I noticed while at Target the other day that Circo are now making ` wide neck bottles ' that look exactly like the Avent ones , but at almost half the price ... I think I 'll give them a go ! Maybe you should too ? -RRB-
 Based on a number of reviews in prominent magazines and literature , we decided to go with the Avent bottles . A pity I did not think of having a look on Amazon . These bottles leak bad . Tight or loose , wet or dry , old or new does not matter . Unfortunately we are stuck with the investment and are just being carefull when using . Replacing them with others are not an option . DO NOT BUY !
 I have been using these bottles for the past 6 weeks . I thought it was just me that my son was getting soaked in formula . But now that I read all the reviews , I find that most mothers are frustrated with loosing half of the formula to leaks , never mind the excessive amount of money you have to spend to get enough bottles to get through two days . No matter how well he latches onto the nipple , the formula spurts out of the side and down his chin . And making 6oz just so he can get 4oz in his little tummy is too expensive for me . I just wish I would have known all this before 16 bottles .
 I would not recommend these bottles to anyone . I have been told that untightening the top prevents leaking ... but I have found they leak when they are too tight or too loose . It is not easy to find the perfect tightness and I have spilled more milk on good furniture . They really need to fix this .
 I fell in love with the Avent bottles when I started working in the infant room at my work . But , the bottles never gave me any problems then . So when I found out I was pregant I went out and bought -LSB- price -RSB- worth of bottles and nipples . When I started to feed my newborn they would leak from the spacing between the bottle and ring . For the price that I paid for these bottles I would expect a better product .
 These bottles leak at the lids . These seriously need to be revamped .
 I have triplet girls so I have become an expert on bottles we have at lease one of every kind on the market . I must say these are by far the worst bottles on the market . They leak at random and when they do they make a mess all over your baby or the diaper bag . They are expensive and there are many cheaper bottles on the market that are 100 % better . Do not waste your money on this product
 I bought these bottles for my two month old daughter because I thought it would be a nice bottle for her to & quot ; grow with & quot ; . Well , it was a total waste , the nipples are too hard for her to suck -LRB- I would recommend nuk nipples -RRB- , and they do n't vent air as well as other nipples do so she throws up everytime she tries to eat from one .
 After hearing so many good things about these bottles , I decided to buy them for my newborn . I immediately started having problems with the bottles leaking . Not just a little leak , BIG ONES ! Leaks that pour from the bottle where I have to change my babys clothes & wipe myself off as well . This is such a HUGE inconvenience , especially in the middle of the night . I sent AVENT an email explaining my problem & they are aware of leakage but state that I must have been tightening the bottle too much to cause the leakage . They instructed me on how to screw on the top but to this day -LRB- my baby is now almost 4 months old -RRB- I am STILL having problems . I will get rid of all my AVENT bottles & switch to a new brand & I will NEVER recommend this product to anyone !
 I know every newborn is different , but here 's my experience.My cousin used these bottle for her two sons ... and since I am a first time Mom ... I decided to take her advice and go with the same type of bottle she swore by . I like the wide mouth opening of the Advent bottles ... makes for easy cleaning . My son ended up being very gassy and the Pediatrician said to give him Gas drops with every feeding and the gas bubbles should break down . I did that for a while , but then felt bad that I was having to give my son Gas Drops so often. , ... so I decided to change bottles . When I did ... the problem was solved !!! It is like night and day . I changed to the Playtex Vent-Aire bottles . At first it took a little getting used to the slanted bottle , but it was well worth the change!The only bad thing was that I had so many of the 4oz and 9oz bottles ... so I had to pack them away and start over with a whole new brand . I would suggest only buying 1 pack to start ... and just see if this bottle is right for you or not ... if not , you do n't have too much money invested in em ... if they work out ... Good for you -LRB- and go get more ! -RRB- :-RRB- Good Luck New Moms !
 These bottles are terrible ~ once you get comfy with baby and start feeding ~ they leak all over , then you & baby are soaked -LRB- and smelly ~ especially when on whole milk -RRB- and no longer relaxed . Terrible !!!
 These bottles leak . The formula just pours out of the sides . I just threw them all away and bought a new product . What a waste of money . And they are not even recycable
 I have a 6 week old daughter and have tried using the Avent bottle to supplement breast feedings . Unfortunately , I have found this bottle to be worthless for anything except storing pumped breast milk . It is extremely difficult for my daughter to suck anything out of this nipple . I too have found leakage from the nipple ring , making for a very sloppy feeding session . I have since bought and used the Playtex VentAire bottles and have n't had any difficulties . The shape of the Playtex VentAire bottles are also much easier for feeding . I would not reccomend the Avent to anyone unless their baby has an impressively strong suck .
 These bottles were great at first , but after only a few months , they started to leak horribly !! I went to the website and it says to change the nipples every 3 months , which we did ... but they still leak . We have tried everything to get them to stop ... screwing the nipples on tighter , etc. . I would still say that 2 out of 3 times they leak ... and I mean LEAK !! Like puddle on the floor , milk all over baby 's face , neck , clothes kind of leak . My son is almost a year old , so he can hold his own bottle . Sometimes in the middle of the night if he gets up and I feed him , I ca n't see that it 's leaking all over him and I do n't realize it until he starts screaming !! I think I might have to switch bottles if I do n't get an answer from Avent that I am doing something wrong.I would suggest looking into another type of bottle .
 I breastfeed my daughter and she has never accepted the Avent nipple when she gets a bottle . It is very hard and she could not get a good latch . I tried the Playtex Nurser bottles and she did very well with them . They are much softer .
 I had the same problem as everyone else ... these bottles leak all over the place ! I 've switched to Playtex nursers , and they are great !
 I started my second child out on these , while they were easy for him to take , and not a complicated system , they still had way too much air inside !! which caused gas and left him fussy !!!! I switched to dr. brown and they are 100 % better !!!
 My daughter was a month early and I am having problems breast feeding so I got these bottles with special `` newborn '' nipples . This was a big mistake , the flow is way too strong for a premie baby and was pouring out of the bottle all over her and they made her very gassy too . They may be good for older babies -LRB- 2-3 months -RRB- but not for a newborn .
 Do n't buy these bottles they leak and baby is extra fussy . Recently we tried Dr Brown 's bottles and baby is sleeping much better and not as fussy .
 I registered for these because many of my friends use them with their children . I found that these bottles repeatedly leaked from under the caps , even when I had my husband tighten them . They would be fine when they were inverted for feeding but would leak quite a bit when I would flip them over to put them down . The nipples were too long and would make my daughter gag . I also could n't seem to get the correct flow from the nipple either . Even with the medium flow nipple , it would take my daughter around a half hour to get about an ounce out of it . I switched to the Playtex bottles with the NaturaLatch nipples and have seen a huge improvement . She latches onto the Playtex nipple much more easily and the bottle does n't leak . The only advantage I have seen to the Avent bottle is that there is no repeat cost for the disposable liners .
 i read all the review and bought the avent bottle , it is expensive but hopeless , the nipples are so hard and my daughter will not take it , I breastfeed my daugter so she is use to my soft nipple , so she hates avent.I tried Dr. Brown , evenflow , playtex bottles.Evenflow , avent , and playtex have hard nipples , so conclusion , Dr. brown is the best of all bottles
 I researched and asked a lot of questions before buying bottles . Everyone told me how much they loved the Avent bottles , so I bought them . Even the stage 1 nipples were too fast for my baby when she was in her first weeks . She ended up with more formula on her face , chin , and bib than in her tummy . I put them away and tried again later , and the nipples just seem too big for her mouth . I 'm not that impressed . We 're using the Playtex Vent Aire now , but I think the Parents Choice Wal-Mart kind are just as good !
 I got this 3 pack for a shower gift thinking I could use them for my son for the occasional bottle he would need . Avent advertises these bottles as being good to use in conjunction with breastfeeding , and they were terrible for my son . The milk leaks out of his mouth , because he can not latch on like the breast . If you are looking for a bottle to use with breastfeeding , the Playtex nursers are the best . We switched to that , with the NaturaLatch nipple , and it works great . The nipple is softer , he 's able to latch better , and is less gassy -LRB- another problem I had with Avent -RRB- . A bonus to the playtex nursers is that you can store your breastmilk in the bags , with little mess . Much better than Avent .
 I found the nipple to be way too hard for my newborn son to suck . I then ran out and got the Munchkin Tri-flow . You can change how fast the milk flows out of the bottle as you baby grows and the nipple is much softer!Munchkin also sells just the nipple that is compatable with the Avent bottle . So , if you 've already purchased the avent bottles your money has not gone to waste ! The only problem is that the Tri-flow is still fairly new and is very hard to find ! Good Luck !
 I bought these bottles after reading all the reviews -LRB- good and bad -RRB- and was still disappointed in them ! I still can not figure out how to keep them from leaking . I 've read the reviews that tell you not to overtighten them , etc. , but nothing works . sometimes they do n't leak , but a lot of times they do . i have since moved on to Playtex VentAire bottles and am extremely satisfied . You can visibly see far less bubbles forming in the bottle as your baby drinks ! with the avent bottles , the whole bottle would fill up with bubbles ! i know some smart reviewer probably has a cure for this and the leaking , but give me a break , i have enough to worry about , i 'd rather be able to simply fill the bottle and feed my baby ! it should n't be rocket science ! with the playtex ones , they are easy to use and consistent ... no leaks , no bubbles = less gas , less spitup ! so whether you tell me i have the nipple ring on wrong , the cap is too tight , etc. , i tell you ... its not worth the hassle , especially when there is a far simpler way to live , with even better results for your baby ! a waste of my money !
 I originally found out about these bottles about 10 years ago from a woman I babysat for when I was 12 years old . I do n't ever remember her complaining about them but in fact she seemed very happy with the Avent bottles . Now , 10 years later at 22 with my first baby , my husband and I decided we would try the Avent bottles with our son . My son has been formula fed from birth and when I shake his bottles in order to get the formula mixed well , formula leaks everywhere . In addition , formula will leak out of the sides of the nipple which will cause it to drip down each side of my sons face and wet on his clothes . Most of the times I will see it but there are those times where I do n't catch it and I have to change what he is wearing . The only , and I repeat ONLY advantage I have found to these bottles is the flow from the nipple . The flow from the nipple seems to be much easier on him than the Playtex VentAire bottles are . I have tried the hard plastic Playtex VentAire bottles and he seems to have an extremely hard time getting anything to come out of those bottles . So , I definitely say do not waste your money . I am glad I decided to come look for other parents ' reviews on these bottles because I was beginning to wonder what the heck I was doing wrong to make those bottles leak so bad . Now I know at least I 'm not the only one who has had this leaking problem with them .
 My son is 21/2 months old . We never have problems with our Born Free bottles but noticed that he cries and has stomach problems after being fed with the Avent bottles . I will keep them to use when he 's older but they are n't good for newborns .
 I have n't found that they are worth the money . It seems like no matter what I do , they leak . Most of the time I do n't realize that they have leaked until the front of my baby is soaked . I screw the tops on tighter and they leak ; I loosen the top and they still leak . I ca n't win ! The problem for me is that I have so many of them that I ca n't bring myself to invest in another product.I also have one Dr. Brown 's brand bottle that I received as a gift , which does n't leak at all , but has lots of other parts that you have to deal with . If I had to recommend any brand of bottle , it would probably be that one .
 When my daughter was born we stocked up on these bottles because we heard they were good and the price alone would make you think that . Well after using them for about 2 weeks they started to leak . NOT fun at 3:00 in the morning when you shake up a bottle and there is milk fling around.Even worse is when you are feeding and the milk pours out on baby 's face . Not only do you have to clean up but your baby does n't want to wait for a new bottle . After slowly running out of bottles that did n't leak we decided to go with the Playtex Nursers and liners.These work perfect ! They do n't leak and our baby has less gas . The liners prevent a lot of gas . If you are worried about the cost of liners Target has their own brand that is about half the price . You get 100 of them for maybe $ 5.00 . We have n't had any problems with leaking at all.So I do n't recommend the Avent bottles unless you want to be cleaning up milk all the time . But the other Avent things we have like the sterilizer , warmer , & many other products work just perfectly and would recommend all of them ! So if you want to give these bottles a try because they do get some great reviews then just buy a few at first.We had no luck with the avent bottles but that does n't mean they are all bad . I just had to give a warning so you do n't lose a lot of money like we did .
 I rate these a two because first of all we had a problem with them leaking.Secondly , and more important in my opinion is all of the research regarding the harmful effects and potential damage of using plastics , especially to reheat food in . Who knows what chemical changes occur in your breastmilk or formula when plastic bottles are used . The best choice is glass bottles , they are much cleaner and easier to sterilize . I wish I had known that when my baby was using bottles .
 I have used three different bottle for my 3 month old son now . He gets horrible gas and avent bottles are supposed to help with that , but for me they dont . ALso they leak all the time . The only good thing about them is that unlike the plytex bottles i use now , the avent bottles have several stages of nippples so there is always one that is the perfect speed for your baby . Personally i have had more luck with the playtex ventaire bottles and the playtex nursers . They allow less air to get in babys belly , but they only 2 nipple stages , fast and slow . Its good to register for several differnt bottles and let your baby decide which ones are right for them !
 Not for my unhappy colic infant . My advice to all moms , try an asortment of brands before stocking up . I got the starter kit , and it simply is not the bottle for my baby ! And I hate that i ca n't assemble a bottle at 3am without leaking !
 THE BOTTLES LEAK EVERYWHERE ! THERE IS NOTHING MORE FRUSTRATING THAN TRYING TO HURRY AND MAKE A BOTTLE BECAUSE YOUR BABY IS CRYING AND THEN WHEN YOU GO TO SHAKE IT UP IT THROWS FORMULA ALL OVER YOUR FLOOR !!! I HAVE CALLED THE COMPANY DIRECTLY AND HAD IT OUT WITH THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT . THEY CLAIM THAT WE ARE TWISTING THE LID TO TIGHT ! THATS A JOKE !! SHE OFFERED ME TO SEND AL MY BOTTLES BACK SO THEY COULD DO A TEST ON THEM ! I SAID SURE YOU CAN HAVE ALL 12 OF THEM THEY ARE CRAP AND TO PLEASE NOT SEND THEM BACK ! I SWITCHED TO PLAYTEX VENT AIRE . AS LONG AS YOU CHECK THE BOTTOM OF THE BOTTLE TO MAKE SURE YOU PUT IT BACK TOGETHER CORRECTLY AFTER A WASH ! THEY WILL NOT LEAK ! I 'M PREGNANT WITH MY SECOND BABY AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERING OR PURCHASING AVENT !!!!
 I had heard wonderful things about the avent bottles . My son did not like them at all . He had much more gas when he used these bottles . I loved the avent breast pump and other avent products but the bottles did not live up to the `` less gas '' advertising . I switched to the airvent bottles with # 2 nipples and he did much better .
 Look out ! Infant sized nipple holes are way too big ! I thought she was just sucking to hard but not the case . She choked on these ! Find another brand !
 I would tell my next friend who had a baby DO NOT BUY THIS BOTTLE . Every time we take the lid off the bottle and screw it back on and then go to shake the bottle to make sure that all the formula if off the bottom milk runs out of the bottle all over everything , talk about a mess . Being that sometimes in the middle of the night you do n't want to sit there and clean up milk . I was surprised when I noticed the bottles leaking because I have only heard go things about this brand , But when we have our next child we will not buy this bottle .
 I hate these avent bottles !! i spent so much money on them and when i feed my baby with these bottles all the milk comes out of her mouth and onto her bib .
 I was told that these bottles were the `` Rolls Royce '' of bottles , and I read a number of reviews about the Avent feeding system in several parenting magazines . Unfortunately , I bought into the hype and spent a great deal of money on these bottles and the Avent slow flow rate nipples . I had to call the company to get advice on how to get the bottles to stop leaking and how to get the milk to stop leaking from my newborn 's mouth . After following their tips , I was able to get the bottles to stop leaking , but I still have not mastered their tips on how to get the milk to stop leaking from the sides of my newborn 's mouth -LRB- her lips are curled outward , according to their instructions , but much of my baby 's milk still ends up on her bib -RRB- . I am now experimenting with other feeding systems to see how quality bottles should perform . I would not recommend these bottles for any reason at all .
 When they do n't leak they are fine but you do n't know if you have `` screwed it on wrong '' until you tip it over and it leaks down your arm or worse yet all over your baby.It 's not that I or any of these other people are too stupid to know how to screw it on - it just happens ! So I do like the wide mouthed bottles but I would be more inclined to tell others to try another brand -LRB- I have no experience with other brands -RRB- . I had so many that I could not see changing our whole feeding system . Only about 3 more months to go and I will be happy when he is using a sippy or regular cup ! : - -RRB-
 The nipples are very hard on these bottles , and my son can not latch on well to them . He can feed just okay with them , but a bunch of leakage comes out the sides of his mouth . I thought maybe the nipple was too fast , but months later , still the same problem . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 These bottles are beyond horrible !!! There were times when I stood in my kitchen crying because my baby was crying and these bottles leaked all over the both of us !!! Please , please , please do not waste your time on these bottles . I know quite a few new moms that have tried these bottles and have had the same experiences ! STAY AWAY !!!!!!!
 Some of my Avent bottles leak , and some do n't . My baby likes the shape and wo n't take any other shape -LRB- WAL MART made a great knock-off around 1999 - 2000 , but do n't make that model anymore , and the knock-off 's did NOT leak , I still have them -RRB- . Sometimes I can get one lid to fit a particular bottle without leaking , and I try to mark the lid and bottle with matching nail polish so that I can get an exact , no-leak match . But what a hassle ! And the markings eventually wear off . I 'm on baby 3 , so I 've got plenty of experience when I say these LEAK . I give it two stars , because the baby likes the shape .
 Avent bottles leak between the bottle and the white collar . As a new mom , I was so impressed with the Avent advertising campaign I refused to & quot ; believe & quot ; other reviews on this site that the bottles leak . Now that I have been using them for the past three weeks , I have discovered that it is true . It does not matter how tight the collar is attached , or what nipple is used , they leak . I have tried a leaky bottle with other nipple/collar combinations and I have found that they still leak . I am not sure what aspect of the product is defective . It is a pain to have a bottle leak , wet the bottle bag , the car seat , or soak your newborn 's onsies . I am very disappointed that I have invested a significant amount of money in avent products . I have over 10 bottles , the pump , and a few other items . I am going to switch to another system . I ca n't stand the frustration of having everything wet and the cost of loosing formula to soaking wet baby clothes . The & quot ; End & quot ;
 Avent bottles leak between the bottle and the white collar . As a new mom , I was so impressed with the Avent advertising campaign I refused to & quot ; believe & quot ; other reviews on this site that the bottles leak . Now that I have been using them for the past three weeks , I have discovered that it is true . It does not matter how tight the collar is attached , or what nipple is used , they leak . I have tried a leaky bottle with other nipple/collar combinations and I have found that they still leak . I am not sure what aspect of the product is defective . It is a pain to have a bottle leak , wet the bottle bag , the car seat , or soak your newborn 's onsies . I am very disappointed that I have invested a significant amount of money in avent products . I have over 10 bottles , the pump , and a few other items . I am going to switch to another system . I ca n't stand the frustration of having everything wet and the cost of loosing formula to soaking wet baby clothes . The & quot ; End & quot ;
 I had nothing but leakage problems with these bottles . I contacted the company and they told me all these different tips of assembling the bottles that should stop leakage . Needless to say none worked . Luckily for me I was able to return the larger bottles . I am although stuck with eight of the smaller ones . First off let me say when you are sleep deprived you dont ' want to be worrying if the bottle lip has a drop of water on it that will cause it to leak or if you have over tightened or under tightened . There is no time to worry about all these little things when you have a hungry screaming baby . The bottles are by far not cheap and there should n't be so many issues . I have many friends that have said that theirs leaked as well ... too bad they did n't tell me before I registered for them . Oddly enough if you buy a bottle in the .99 cent store you do n't have all these issues . When I returned the larger ones to Babies R US there were a lot of other returns as well . I will give these to my daughters to play with their dolls . In addition to the leakage I noticed that my son was extremely gassy and would cry so much after eating . I have told my friends who are registering now to save their money and find an alternate bottle .
 I would not recommend the Avent bottles at all . Not only is the base of the bottle too wide for infants to even hold , the caps leak . After only a few attempts of using these , I switched to the VentAire by Playtex which have been wonderful . Do n't waste your time with these . All of mine are going in the garbage .
 Of course we wanted the best for our son . I read all reviews , compaired all brands , did my homework . Never thought I would have such a big mess using the Avent bottles . My son was a month early so he was smaller than normal -LRB- 6lbs 6oz-if that is small -RRB- . From the first feeding he got way to much formula and half the bottle ended up down the front of him . Not because the bottle leaked , but because he could n't handle the flow and was spitting it out . I was horrified ! After two weeks of trying , and it not getting better , I looked for another bottle and ended up with a much cheaper bottle and NO SPILLS ! I have no complaints about the bottle itself - the flow is just to much for my baby -LRB- yes , I was using '' # 1 '' nipples -RRB- . What a disappointment ! I will give it another try in the future when he is older ... wish me luck !
 imagine it 's 2am ... your baby is screaming at the top of his lungs ... you are preparing his bottle ... everything is put together correctly ... so you pop the bottle in his mouth ... and finally some silence ... what 's this ... your sleeves are getting drenched ... you look and it 's milk ... the bottle is leaking ... what you thought your son was taking in ... is all over his bib ... shirt ... and your sleeves ... ARRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHH ... you pop the bottle out of his mouth ... and the screaming starts again ... there is one perk because the neck is wide ... they are a lot easier to clean ... but i rather spend my money on bottles that would keep the already too expensive formula in my baby rather than on my baby
 I should have read the reviews on this bottle before I registered for them . I too planned on breastfeeding and was told this was the best for switching back and forth between breast and bottle . I also had to stop breatfeeding and go to the bottle 100 % . I 've tried every angle and no matter what these bottles leak like mad . Most of the formula ends up down the side of my daughters face or in her bib . Additionally my daughter takes in to much air and has constant issues with gas . I am now looking for a different bottle . Do your research because it can save you a lot of frustration and money .
 These bottles were wonderful at first ... but after washing them and trying to use them over and over it just got more and more frustrating because they leaked . I would tighten the lid and mix the formula and it would squirt everywhere . It usually took about 3-4 times of untightening and tightening back the lid . They also leaked out the nipple if it fell or got turned over . I finally decided to try a new bottle - Playtex Ventaire . I love them ! They 're a little more maintenance but there is NO leakage of any kind and my daughter no longer has gas problems either.BUY VENTAIRE !!!!
 I got these bottles as a gift and they were horrible !!! I had originally used Evenflo bottles that I had purchased before my daughter arrived . I went crazy with these bottles too !!! NOBODY sells the nipples for these bottles . My baby needed to use a thickend formula -LRB- Enfamil AR LIPIL is great ! -RRB- But the formula would not flow through the stage 1 of the Evenflo brand . I had to enlarge the nipples myself because I could n't find the stage 2 nipples anywhere . Only stage 1 - and why would they even just sell those , they came with the bottles . So I enlarged it to only be annoyed . Some were bigger some smaller . So I then tried the Avent . They were HORRIBLE !! My baby was spitting up all day long and screaming . It says on the bottle to help colic , it caused COLIC . My husband was so annoyed he threw them out !!! I had to order the stage 2 from Evenflo and they told me it would take 3 weeks !! What a NIGHTMARE !! I am now going to try Playtex Ventaire . Hope I have better luck with these . At least I know my local grocery store sells the bottles and nipples . I live too far away from the stores to go driving all over for nipples . Oh and by the way , the Playtex Ventaire comes with both size nipples . I ca n't wait to try these !
 The Avent bottles leak terribly . I would not recommend buying them to anyone . It is hard enough waking up in the middle of the night to feed , but add in getting all wet -LRB- me and baby -RRB- . It is n't just me who has had this problem , which I initially thought . I have asked several people if this has happened to them and it has . We 've even tried purchasing new nipples , thinking it was that , and it did n't matter . The bottles seem to have a defect , according to a friend who used to use them years ago and NEVER had the problem then -LRB- but NOW does -RRB- .
 I thought these were going to be great bottles and my daughter had a lot of difficulty sucking from the nipple . My daughter is in daycare and the workers said most baby 's have the same problem . If you look at the nipple you will see that it is nothing like `` mommy . '' They also leak and you have to buy size 1 then 2 for the hole size . Too much to keep up with and a lot of expense if you ask me.I bought the Gerber bottles that average $ 1 dollar a bottle and they are great !! My daughter has no problem eating from the Gerber bottles .
 Like many others , I registered for these bottles because they were supposed to be the best out there . After they started leaking , I just sucked it up for a while . Then I got aggravated enough to write to AVENT on their website . They wrote back to me that I was screwing them on too tight . So , i took their advice , and now , after washing the diaper bag for the umpteenth time because the contents of the bottles spilled out all over , I have written to them again . I do n't think that I should have to worry about how tight I am screwing the tops on . I should be able to twist the top on and rest assured that my child wo n't go hungry and scream because his formula is all over the bottom of the diaper bag !
 I was experimenting with different bottle options for my son . I had several platex bottles with liners and was looking for a more economical choice . I was hoping to find a good bottle that did not require a liner . I purchased a package of avent bottles and was happy for the first few days . On the fourth day the bottle began leaking horribly . By the end of the week 2 of the 3 bottles were leaking and the 3rd began to leak the next week . I followed all cleaning instructions . The bottles were never put in the microwave or dishwasher . I do not recommend this bottle . They are too expensive for the quality .
 Unless the bottles I purchased were defective ... I feel sorry for every mother who has to put up with this product!Out of every product that I have used for my baby , Avent bottles are my LEAST favorite . I would never purchase these products again and would tell all of my friends and sisters and anyone I see buying them at the store my horrible experiences with these bottles ! It is not at all what I expected from a company I thought was reputable but after talking to many other people they have had the same problems as I have!I purchased the microwave steam sterilizer , which came with a couple of bottles , plus a few other 9 oz . bottles . I like the convenience of the steam sterilizer BUT using these bottles have caused me the biggest headaches that I have had since my child was born 6 months ago ! These bottles , no matter what I try will leak all over the place . I have read the FAQ , and other peoples suggestions and they will still leak , and it takes me over 10 times of taking the cap on and off , and screwing it back on over and over to finally get it to where it wo n't leak everywhere . One thing when you have a fussy hungry baby is that you do not want your baby to be covered with half the milk that was originally in the bottle ! -LRB- I also purchased the Avent handheld breast pump and after all the effort I put into using that waste of $ 40 it was sad to see all my hard efforts of pumping gone to waste by leaking all over the place -RRB- . I have had baby bags and their contents COVERED with breast milk and formula because of these horrible bottles ! I know it sounds petty but I put a bottle -LRB- in a bottle cooler no less -RRB- in my only designer handbag -LRB- A gift from my husband on mother 's day two months after we found out we were pregnant -RRB- , and by the time I got to where I was going , the contents of the bottle had leaked out through the cooler bag , and all over my wallet and the inside of my bag -- ruined!During the emotional first few weeks after my daughter was born and even still sometimes I can be brought to tears because of the frustration of these bottles ! I have used DIRT CHEAP bottles that I can screw the cap on once and there is no leaking problems . I decided to give these bottles a chance because I had invested plenty of money into them , but my outcome is that they are horrible .
 I had my third child 9 months ago and i am expecting my fourth and I would not recommend these bottles to anyone ever.After struggling with nipple problems in the beginning and talking to the avent people over and over again I finally got It down to where I could screw the cap on and prevent leaks , however whenever any one else feeds my baby the whole bottle of formula leaks all over her.I find that if I do not explain in detail the unique way of screwing on the caps than the whole bottle proceeds to trickle down the front of her clothes before anyone notices.These bottles are just too much work for me unfortunately my daughter will not take any other bottle at this point in time but believe me I will not be using these bottles for the new baby ! I have alot of feeding experience so I know its not me and I would n'tcare if they cost ten dollars a bottle as long as they do n't leak ! `` bad investment ! ''
 These bottles are the worst bottles because of the leaking !! They leak all over you and the baby no matter how the lid is put on , AND you should n't even have to worry about if you even put the lid on so precisly right . I mean it should n't be rocket science here makers of AVENT ! SO my recommendation is NO do n't waste your $ $
 Yes , my experience with the Avent bottles is echoed by many . We have had alot of trouble with these bottles leaking . No matter what we do we end up having to put the lid on 2-3 times before we can get them not to leak . Spend your money on a bottle that wo n't leak !
 I used these for two months with my newborn , but they leaked everywhere ! You will find this same complaint from so many others . Avent will tell you , if you call , that it is because you are overtightening the caps . I have spoken with them three times and they have guided me through how you are ** supposed ** to put the cap on . However , even when I 'm doing everything right , they still leak probably 8 out of 10 times . Even the store worker at Babies R Us -LRB- who I spoke to when shopping to replace these bottles -RRB- told me that that is all she hears about Avent . It would be so easy for them to simply fix the design flaw in the way the caps thread on the bottle , but according to the Babies R Us person , Avent wo n't change it because all of their accessories are designed to fit this particular type of cap . They want to keep their lock on this market and keep people from interchanging things . It 's all marketing . I ca n't tell you how much I hate these bottles . I changed to the new Gerber Comfort Hold bottles and nipples and am happy .
 As stated in previous reviews , this bottle leaks . Luckily I only got one as a sample , but I figured I would try it . Even put together properly , it leaks . I will stick to my Dr Brown 's and Playtex Ventaire
 These bottles were great at first but then they started leeking really bad ! We finally got rid of them and plan to buy a different brand the next time around .
 I have owned many types of bottles in my years of foster parenting infants and with my 4 kids . These were very nice in the beginning . A bit stiffer than others , but they worked ok . After a few months I started to get the drippies . I thought the baby was not sealing well and watched more carefully . It was the bottle . It seems after a few trips through the dishwasher they just didnt ' seal up right . One never did seal right and I pitched it , I tried other nipples first , but it was the bottle . It seems the tight ones do n't let the air back in very well and create that vacuum and the ones that do release air drip some .
 Since my son was breast feed , the Avent silicone nipples were too hard for him . When he started to teeth , they came in handy because he enjoyed chewing on the hard nipples . He is now 1 year old and I am using the spouts , training cups and accessories that were passed on to me from a friend . Now the bottles leak and make a horrible mess with cold or warm milk . I plan to discard the bottles after replacing them with a few Gerber or Playtex cups.I feel that Playtex 's feeding system is better for babies transitioning from the breast . The nipples are softer and have the same feel and shape of the breast . If I have other children , the Avent bottles will not be a part of their feedings .
 I did not read any reviews before buying these bottles . I am a first time mother and have to have everything that matches ... until now . I have invested in EVERYTHING Avent . I have boughten 12 big bottles , 6 little bottles , and 4 packs of 2 nipples of EVERY size . What a waste of money . These bottles leak so bad . 3/5 times they leak all over the place . I 'm so sick of it , I 'm going out today and buying all new bottles .
 These bottles used to leak for me but I figured out the problem . I was tightening the rings too tight . Just tighten them enough so their not too loose and not too tight . This should fix the problem . It did for me . I would give them five stars now that they do n't leak any more .
 THEY LEAK . I 'M NOT SURE WHY AVENT CHOSE TO CREATE GAPS IN ALONG THE GROOVES IN THE NIPPLE RING AND ON THE PART WHERE YOU SCREW ON THE NIPPLE RING . THESE BOTTLES LEAK POUR OUT FROM THE NIPPLE HOLE , WHERE THE NIPPLE AND THE NIPPLE RING MEET AND FROM THE COLLAR ITSELF . I HAVE TRIED ALL TRICKS SUGGESTED IN THESE REVIEWS TO GET THEM NOT TO . I HAND WASH THE NIPPLES , LINE UP THE THE DIVET IN THE NIPPLE RING TO THE LINE ON THE BOTTLE , ATTACH THE NIPPLE RINGS TO NIPPLES WHILE STILL WET , BOIL THE NIPPLES ONCE A WEEK , DO N'T TIGHTEN THE CAP TOO MUCH . THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS THESE BOTTLES LEAK . EVERY TIME MY SON EATS FROM THEM HE ENDS UP TAKING A BATH , SPITS/THROWS UP ALL OVER THE PLACE AND HAS GAS BEYOND BELIEF . I BOUGHT THESE EXPENSIVE BOTTLES HOPING TO ELIMINATE THESE ISSUES AND ALSO THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO BE BETTER FOR BREASTFEEDING BABIES . I ALSO BOUGHT THE ISIS PUMP AND HAVE BEEN HAPPY WITH THAT . AS FAR AS THE BOTTLES GO , I WASTED $ 50 AND NOW HAVE TO GO OUT AND BUY NEW BOTTLES . I AM SO DISAPPOINTED IN THESE BOTTLES . I HAVE TRIED EVERY BOTTLE OUT THERE AND THEY ALL HAVE SOME ISSUES BUT THESE ARE THE WORST . I ENDED UP WITH THE PLAYTEX .
 What more can I say ? These bottles leak all over the place . I switched to Dr. Brown 's , and they have been great . No leaks , and my son spits up less . Do not buy Avent bottles and nipples - they leak like crazy , and cause a huge mess .
 when i became pregnant i planned on using these bottles , i bought everything bottle warmer , sterilizer , breast pump , and a ton of bottles and nipples . well 2 weeks into using them i threw them out the window . my daughter had very bad gas . when i switched bottles the gas stopped . Plus the bottles are expensive ... you have to keep buying new nipples there are sooo many different sizes . a waste i think , most bottles have 2 fast or slow but there seemed to be 4 different sizes or more .
 My son is now only 4 weeks old and I have been using these bottles since his birth . It seems that the more I wash and sterilize them , the more I get leaks in them . In the middle of the night feedings , he 's getting all wet , and so am I. I try to fix the problem ; he 's screaming all over the place . Do n't waste your time with Avent bottles .
 This bottle is highly over-rated . I purchased the set thinking that my newborn daughter would quickly convert from breastfeeding . Unfortunately , the silicon nipple is very hard , and she did not take it . Because of the shape of the nipple , it is not possible to replace it without getting rid of the entire bottle . Ultimately , I ended up spending a fraction of the price on the basic Gerber bottles with rubber nipples , and they work out just fine . -LRB- I highly recommend NUK -RRB- Also , this bottle leaks at random . Definitely not worth the money . If you absolutely must have this bottle , I suuggest buying one at a time , so if you are not satisfied , at least you 're not stuck with the whole set .
 I thought that the Avent bottles were the best , but I was so wrong . Being a new mother and having your son crying in one and then trying to fix a leaking bottle with the other hand , can be a little nerve recking.It very tricky trying to screw the cap on the proper way . You can not tell if the cap is on the right way until you turn it up side down and it leaks every where .
 The bottles are great for storing food , breast milk , and formula if you use the lids with sealer , but for feeding , they tend to leak on the side from the lids . So watch out ! You might be doing more laundry then intended . As for the disposable bottle feeding system , these work much better for feeding , because the lids do n't leak .
 We started using this system when our son was born . He is now three months old . We have stopped using them because they leak every time . We were very excited to try the AVENT system , and very disappointed after the first month when the bottles were leaking . It is a great thought , but we were unable to fix the problem .
 Who on this planet has nipple like these ?! They were a trick to get my son to properly latch onto . The milk has been leaking steadily out of his mouth while feeding since birth !! I thought all bottles did this ! My wet clothes and rags can testify ! They are just too stiff . I have had the leaking problems also . Every where we go - I have taken premixed bottles and warmed them while out - but they have leaked in the diaper bag , in my purse and in my hand . I have taken sep. containers of formula and water and mixed when he is ready to feed = still flying formula everywhere and it 's getting annoying and embarrassing . We have switched to Dr. Brown 's .
 I have read a review -LRB- probably from the manufacturer -RRB- suggesting people are experiencing dripping because we do n't follow directions . I have two kids , and believe that the problem is just that the bottles are poorly designed . I have had to change my kid 's shirts at three in the morning because they get wet from the bottle . This is so frustrating that not only am I taking the time to tell anybody who is interested to not buy this product but I am also writing the manufacturer to complain and get my money back . Save your sanity , it really is that frustrating .
 These bottles are not worth the money . I have been using them for about five months and they have always leaked a little bit . Now they leak constantly every time I go to feed the baby . You would be better off with something else , the Plaxtex Vent Aire works great .
 I got these bottles based on the reviews on this site , and they ended up leaking . It was very frustrating . I went to the store to buy a new type of bottle and another mother shopping for new bottles had the same problem , so it was n't just the set that I had boughten .
 These are the worst bottles I have ever bought ! All they do is drip and leak . I have tried over and over again and no matter how I put the lids and nipples on they leak . Since I am pumping the last thing I want to do is waste my milk . If I had to do it all over again I would not waste my money on these bottles .
 I bought these thinking that they would be an easy transistion to breast feeding my twins . I could not have been more wrong . The bottles were nothing but a leaky mess . I nipples & lids would not seal right . After a week I gave up and went with the playtex nurser . The liners are a bit of a hassle , but well worth not getting drenched every feeding . I used the playtex disposables with my first baby and they worked great then . I do n't know why I tried something different . I should have stuck with what I knew worked .
 Bottom line , we have found that we needed to try several different bottles before finding the right bottle for both of our twins . These Avents were highly recommended and were great for breastmilk storage at the beginning when we first brough them home , but found that the nipples were nothing like the breast , did n't vent properly , and were not doing the job we hoped for!We tried Gerber and Evenflow and finally the Playtex disposable system , which we were hesitant because of the cost the liners . We found that they both did much better with the Playtex nipples . We also found that the cost of the liners was n't much of a problem because the store brand is equally reliable.On the other hand , my sister-in-law has twins and swears by these bottles ! It all depends on your kiddo ! I have several of both sizes used only for milk storage since I was stocking up for two kids !
 I bought these bottles after trying the Playtex Nurser system and the Vent Air system . I 've had nothing but problems with them . They leak everywhere , and being a new mother , I do n't have the time to spend 5 or 10 minutes just trying to get a bottle made . I 've followed the instructions and consulted with Avent , but the bottles still leak . The only positive thing I have to say about these bottles is they do seem to reduce if not eliminate gas.Overall , I would NOT recommend these bottles to anyone who does n't have a lot of patience .
 I am now using Avent bottles with my second child and they leak all the time ! The bottle will start to leak and I will readjust the nipple and the cap and it will continue to leak until I have readjusted it several times ! The nipple shape is perfect for my daughter however it is very frustrating to have them leak all the time !
 I was disappointed with these bottles . There was nothing in the literature with the bottles about having the lids too tight . I was having a problem with the bottles leaking so I assumed the first one was defective , so I threw it away . After having this problem with 3 other nipples and rings , I emailed the company complaining of the problem . This is where they told me it was because the tops were being put on too tight . I could buy that ... but these tops are too touchy . You have to get it just right or it 's either too tight or too lose and still leaks . It 's frustrating when you have a hungry baby crying and you 're too busy messing with the bottle to make sure it does n't leak .
 They leak every so much . The newborn nipple hole is too big . It pours out too fast for a newborn to take in , which means he was swallowing too much air . and that would make him gassy and collicky . I think half of every bottle was ending up on my baby and what he was able to take in , was half spit after burping . Do n't waste your money.We have now switched to the Playtex Vent Air , and have happy and well nourished baby . : -RRB-
 We are new parents . Our son was born 10 weeks ago and we did a TON of research for baby products before he was born . We decided on the Avent bottles for many reasons . They are really not that bad , but I have to disagree with all of the glowing reviews . My son has been diagnosed with Reflux and these bottles did NOT help ! He has all kinds of gas , etc. . And these bottles leak like crazy . We tried tightening and everything , but to no avail . We heard about the Dr. Brown 's bottles that prevent gas and air flow and they REALLY work . And the Dr. Brown 's do n't leak and they have soothed my baby SO MUCH . No wicked gas pains in the middle of feeding . Just big huge burps and happy smiles ! I wanted the Avent to be better but you ca n't always get what you want !
 I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT . THE BOTTLES ALWAYS LEAK AND ITS REALLY FRUSTRATING . I BOUGHT THESE BOTTLES THINKING THEY WERE THE BEST , BUT OBVIOUSLY I WAS WRONG . I EVEN SEEKED THE HELP OF THEIR WEBSITE WHICH ALSO WAS NO HELP REGARDING THIS ISSUE .
 When I tried these bottles I was very unhappy . After every feeding my baby had terrible gas . The newborn nipple holes are so big my baby kept choking . My daughter is now six weeks old and she can not use the stage 2-1 Month nipples because the newborn nipple holes are still to big for her . These bottles also leak . While I was feeding my baby , milk was leaking from the neck of the bottle all over her . Also , if these bottles tip over the milk will leak right out . I had them in the diaper bag and the diaper bag tipped over and the milk leaked everywhere .
 I would not recommend these bottle to anyone . They leak on us all the time . No matter how tight you put the cap on , no matter how many times you adjust it and no matter how many times you pop in and out the nipple they leak ! Granted they do not leak every time , they only leak at the most inconvenient times . When they leak it does n't drip out it pours .
 These bottles leak no matter how tight you twist them . The milk gets all over me and my baby . I know others that have the same problem ! I do not recommend these bottles !
 I thought Avent bottles were the best on the market , so I requested and received 18 of them -LRB- not including the 9oz . bottles I received -RRB- . I am very disappointed with the quality of this product . For one , the bottles leaked from the collar , resulting in more formula on the bib than in her stomach . Secondly , the bottle allowed for a lot of air to enter her belly , resulting in painful gas after feedings . In addition , there always seemed to be a lot of spit up -LRB- I initially thought maybe it was my daughter not latching on well enough , but since switching to Dr. Brown 's bottles , there has not been any spit up or gas at all . I highly recommend Dr. Brown 's bottles .
 I bought a few Avent bottles when I was at a grocery store and had to have a bottle RIGHT then and this was all they had . I was not disappointed in the quality of the bottle , but I was not overly impressed . I did not notice a change in my son 's spitting up using these bottles , either.The downside of using the Avent system is that , once you commit , you 're really committed - the bottles and bottle parts do not fit standard bottles and parts . I now have a wide variety of bottles and bottle parts , and the Avent bottles sit largely unused because I can not mix and match the parts . Who has time to search for the right parts when their baby is hungry and crying ?
 I have n't had the leaking problems that some complain of , but I 'm just not wild about these bottles . Too fat . I find slimmer bottles more comfortable to feed with and easier for baby to hold when they are ready . Also make sure that your bottlewarmer and other items will work with these thicker bottles . My bottlewarmer I used with my first baby does n't work with these bottles .
 Mine were leaky out of the box , and attempting to adjust the ring and nipple several times did not solve the problem . These turned out to be incredibly messy and frustrating , and not what I expected given the high cost .
 This is my second review concerning these lousy bottles -LRB- my first has been inexpicably ` removed ' by Amazon.com -RRB- . So , for the sake of brevity , I will keep it short
 i was pumping for my daughter when she was born and used these bottles and they were great for storage and easy conversion to a bottle , however the milk leaked out of her mouth all over the place and breast milk is precious . i wasted alot and ended up switching to another bottle . also the flow was too slow on the stage 1 and too fast on stage 2 for her as a newborn . it took almost 25min for her to finish 3-4oz . while it only took 10 or so with a standard bottle . Easy for starge to bottle conversion though.i do not recomend these bottles .
 I started using these bottles prior to going back to work , wanting a bottle similar to the -LRB- ... -RRB- . My daughter took the nipple , no problem . I did n't have a problem with leaks ... as everyone else noted , you just screw the nipple ring on lightly and assemble the nipple and ring while wet ... that 's all it takes . I do however have a problem now with terrible gas build up in the evenings and gas noises that make my husband blush !!! . You moms know the screams of a baby with gas build-up ... it 's awful . I had been using gas drops , but wanted a solution and not a quick fix . I switched to the Dr. Brown 's bottles and she has n't had the painful gas since !!!
 I LOVED THESE BOTTLE SO MUCH CAUSE THEY WERE VERY CONVINENT . BUT MY CHILD HATED THE NIPPLES THEY WOULD NOT LATCH ON AND THE WOULD NOT EAT FROM IT . THE NIPPLES WERE TO HARD FOR THEM TO SUCK OUT OF AND DUE TO THIS THEY LOST SOME WEIGHT . AND IT GAVE THEM MORE GAS THEN DR.BROWN BOTTLES OR PLAYTEX BOTTLES .
 The threads on these bottles are discontinuous on both the bottom AND the top . I believe this is why they leak - if you do n't have the top and bottom lined up perfectly they will leak . It 's not a matter of how tight they are . It 's just a design flaw . I 'm buying all new bottles .
 I have called Avent many times . I have even visited their representatives at a baby faire to complain about these bottles . They showed me how to cap them so they do n't leak . First of all you should not have to go through this much trouble to put a cap on this expensive of a bottle . Second of all it still only works about 35 % of the time -LRB- it basically involves using the cover to do it -RRB- . What a nightmare . I know at least three people who use these and have the same problems . I have riuned countless diaper bags and forula becuase of these . Now I keep them all in ziplock bags . When I pull them out aout half of the water is still in there and half is in the bag .
 I bought these because Baby Bargains ' book stated that these bottles were the top of the line . I had nothing but problems with them . They constantly leaked when mixing or trying to feed . They did nothing to prevent gas in my child . I was disappointed with these bottles . I traded in the ones I had not used and switched over to the Playtex disposables . They do not allow air to get into them because you can burp the liners and they have yet to leak on me . I am now starting to use the Avent sippy cups with my son , who is 71/2 months old . I love these , but I was really disappointed in the bottles , since all the books I read stated that they were supposed to be the best bottles out there . In my opinion , that was farthest from the truth .
 I had no feeding issues with my son . The issues were with the bottle . If you do n't screw the lid on just right , it leaks . And in the begining you 're really tired , so it 's just not worth it . I bought a ton of these bottles because I was told they are the best . My opinion is that they are trendy - there are other cheaper options . I suggest you buy a few different brands and see what works best for you .
 Plain and simple - these bottles leak ! I wish I read the reviews before buying these Avent bottles . My husband and I knew nothing about bottles so when our baby arrived 3 weeks early , we did n't get to research and quickly bought these . I bought several of them and when they leaked thought maybe there was just a bad one in the batch . Every time one leaked , I removed it from the rotation . Well , they all eventually leaked so I ca n't stand them ; it 's very aggravating . I 've since bought the Dr. Brown bottles and have had no problems with them . I even think my baby is less gassy and spits up less with the Dr. Brown bottles . People complain about the extra parts to clean of the Dr. Brown bottles , but that 's less of a pain than having the Avent bottles leak all over you and the baby and wasting formula . I 'm going to write to Avent and see if I can get my money back .
 I choose these bottles because they are very popular but then realized that the size of them are so large that the baby never really seems to be able to get a good hold on them . I started bottle feeding at 6 months and ended up having to switch and buy an entire new line . After my son turned 1 began to wean him off the bottle and introduced the avent bottles again just to see if he could hold it and it was still way to large for him ... . I guess these bottles would work if you plan on bottle feeding a toddler with big hands
 Look through the reviews and you can see many people upset about these leaking . They are correct ! Because it only happens to one in about four or five reviewers , I think there must be a problem with production . Maybe some are leaky , some are not . Fact is , out of ten bottles , five of mine were leaky . I ended up throwing the whole lot out after using more money on paper towels than bottles.Save yourself the headache and get evenflo or playtex . They are half the cost and never leak
 Despite the many attributes that others rave about I think these bottles are awful . They leak which is probably the worst feature as well as the shape of the bottles makes them hard to handle . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 AVENT bottles leak . Not only do they leak , but the nipples are hard and not like mommy 's breast . One other problem we found is that despite repeated cleaning and sterilizing these bottles maintained the plastic smell . We also use Dr. Brown 's bottles and they work wonderfully to reduce gas , but there is a number of little parts to clean - well worth it though if you have a gassy baby .
 These bottles were a `` first time mom '' nightmare . The nipple did not form a seal around my childs mouth and formula leaked out . She would then cry out of hunger . It was a never ending battle . -LRB- Until I purchased a Playtex product that solved all my problems -RRB- I also contacted the Avent Company and shared how unhappy I was and they told me in no uncertain terms that it was n't their problem and refused to help me ! I will never buy another Avent product .
 I as many mothers did my research ino which bottles are the best and I read about all the wounderful things that the avent bottles do for the baby . I started to notice that the bottles were leaking . I thought maybe it 's that particular one so I threw it away , only to realize it was n't the bottle , it was all of them . When I contacted avent , they told me that if the bottles are over tightened or if the nipple is n't assembled with the cap when it was wet that the will leak . I do n't know about you but a 2am I do n't want to be changing my two week old because her bottle leaked all over her . Please keep this in mind when looking at bottles .
 After giving my Daughter just one avent bottle she was more fussy and gassy than she has ever been ! I love the shape and everything of the bottle but my Daughter did not care for the nipple at all . She does much better with playtex nurser .
 I purchased these bottles only because I had planned to breast feed and I had done research that the Avent brand was excellent when switching back and forth from breast feeding to bottle feeding . I was unable to breast feed so I am using the Avent full time . For the first few weeks they were fine but we have had a lot of problems with leaking . Its very frustrating ! Sometimes we have to change our sons clothes because formula has leaked down the front of him . We really only keep using them because we received so many at our baby shower .
 How irritating to feed baby in the middle of the night with significant leaking from the bottle . I can not believe that this bottle is even marketed any longer . These bottles have leaked from under the cap 9 of 10 usages . They are easy to clean with wide top and the nipple has a good shape but spare yourself the frustration of changing baby 's outfit every feeding . Think twice about this product .
 I just wanted to let anyone out there that was told that these bottles were the best that that 's not true . They are constantly leaking . The milk spills out and makes a huge mess . Then as your child is screaming for the bottle you have to try and fix the leak -LRB- which I found to be inpossiable -RRB- or switch nipples . What an ordeal ! I would not recommend these bottles to anyone !
 I bought into all the hype that Avent was the only way to go so I gave it a try and I was n't really satisfied with the bottle system . They say the nipples are shaped like mom and good for switching from bottle to breast but my son did n't take to the stiff shape . The nipple is really hard compared to others . Also , no matter how we screwed the lid on , we always had leaks . The third thing that made me throw them out was the fact that they are so BIG . At my son 's day-care most of the parents brought Avent bottles and they take up way too much room in the little fridge . So we tried the Munchkin health-flow -LRB- used to be Johnson & Johnson 's -RRB- and we 're much happier ! Not too mention they were too expensive .
 These bottles leak terribly , if you do n't take the time to make sure you put the tops on & quot ; just right & quot ; . Who wants to fuss around with that during those all-night feedings ??!! After 3 weeks of trying , these are going in the garbage . I 've never had that problem with other cheaper brands of bottles , so for the price you pay , why bother ?
 I purchased the Avent system before the birth of my daughter . These bottles are horrible ! Not only did they leak EVERYWHERE , but my daughter spent the first month of life eating every 1-2 hours from these bottles . She would suck and suck , only managing to get an ounce of so from the bottle during an HOUR of feeding ! She would tire before her hunger was satisfied . Not only was she exhausted from these results of these bottles , but so was I ! I orignally bought them because they seemed as though they were a good quality -LRB- hard plastic , etc -RRB- . WRONG - Never judge a bottle by the appearance . Since this purchase , I 've trashed ALL of the AVENT bottles and gone with cheaper -LRB- but more efficient -RRB- brands , Evenflo and Gerber .
 These bottles are certainly NOT worth the money . They leak if you do n't screw them just right ! After buying dozens of these bottles in 4oz . and 9oz . because I wanted the best for my newborn and I thought these were the best , I was very upset about the loss of money as they are expensive . Eight out of ten times I used the bottle , it leaked . After the bottle leaked warm milk all over my newborn 's face , my husband and I had had enough . I called customer service to complain and spend about ten minutes listening to the rep. tell me about how to screw the top on just right . It 's just not worth it !!!!!!!!!
 I heard a lot of good things about Avent Bottles so I decided to get some for my first baby . After I had bought them I talked to my sister and she was saying how after awhile the plastic rim that holds the nipple in starts to wear down and it leaks . Me being a first time mother didnt know and was like well maybe you got a defective bottle . Well to say I tried them and they did the same to me . As I was feeding my son I took it away to see how much he had drank so I could burp him , and as soon as I put it right side up What does it do ? it leaks all over my son but all over me . So I say well maybe it is just this one so I get another one and after like 2-4 uses it does the same thing . These bottles are not cheap ither and these were the only bottles I had at the time and after 2-4 uses they all seem to leak on me so I had to go out and buy all new bottles . I wanst not happy about that at all considering Im out of work and money is really tight right now . I will never use these bottles again or do I recomend them to anyone . I am very disapointed in this product !!!!
 Is there a rating below one star?First of all , we bought these before we learned about BPA . Our pediatrician told us about the fact that BPA is a neurotoxin that stunts brain development , among other nasty side effects.So first of all , they are n't safe . So why buy them?But if you do n't buy the BPA stuff , there are a ton of other reasons not to buy them . Number one , they are extremely expensive for what you get . You can get twice as many Evenflo glass bottles for the same price as this three pack . So they are unsafe AND twice as expensive.Then just to add insult to injury , the nipple is designed very poorly and makes it incredibly difficult for an infant to latch on . They can not create the vacuum they need to get the milk out . Once there is only about an ounce of milk left in the bottle , my son could suck for an hour and not get the last ounce out . It was very frustrating for him and for me . I got to the point where I would express that last ounce of milk out for him to get it , basically spraying it in his mouth , which he did n't really like either.So in summary , this bottle could not be any worse . And sorry , but there are better , cheaper , and safer alternatives that work better . Yet these keep selling . Makes you wonder whether Avent employees have written up these positive reviews .
 Initially this bottle was the best and it worked fine , until it started leaking . I am still not able to figure out why it leaks but it does and it drives me crazy . I hate having to take the nipple ring on and off to get it screwed on just right so that it does n't leak . You should n't have to do all of that just to keep the milk from leaking . I think they have very poor craftmanship , and need to be discontinued until they are able to redo them . I will never purchase these bottles again , and if I knew then what I know now , I would have never purchased them in the beginning .
 Avent bottles have more BPA than any other leading brand . BPA free brands include Born Free , Nurture Pure , MAM , Green to Grow , Baby Life and Adrini . -LRB- For those that missed the news reports - BPA is a chemical found in some plastics that a recent National Institutes of Health report indicated may be harmful , especially to infants . -RRB-
 I bought and asked for tons of `` Avent '' Bottles and they worked horribly for me and my son wouldnt eat from them and cried constantly . I even had spent $ 60 on the `` Isis breats pump '' which was worthless . These bottles would not release when my son was eating , so only when he starting crying because he was fed up , did air go through the nipple and let the formula come down so he could eat . I think , one of the best and honestly , more practical , things to do is buy one type of bottle of each one you think is good , then once the baby is born see what works best with them . It will save you a lot of trouble in the end , because Dont take anyone 's word for certain bottles or `` cures '' for your baby - in time you 'll know and understand your son 's or daughter 's needs .
 MY COUSIN TOLD ME THESE BOTTLES WERE THE BEST SO I 'D DECIDED TO EXCHANGE THE PLAYTEX BOTTLES I GOT FROM MY BABY SHOWER . LITTLE DID I KNOW THAT I WAS IN FOR A LITTLE SURPRISE . I HAVE TWIN BOYS ... I DO N'T HAVE ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD TO CLEAN UP THE MESS ON THE TABLE DUE TO LEAKAGE NOT TO MENTION CLEANING THE LEAK OFF THE BOTTLES . EVERY TIME I FEED MY BOYS THEY GET SOAKED.DO NOT BUY AVENT BOTTLES . THEY COST A LOT AND THEY LEAK BIG TIME . ... . NO IT WAS N'T BECAUSE IT WAS TIGHTLY CLOSED ... . YOU NEED TO CLOSE IT REALLY TIGHT UNTIL YOUR HANDS GET SO RED TO PREVENT THEM FROM LEAKING . I SWITCHED TO PLAYTEX AND I 'VE NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH THEM . AVENT BOTTLES ARE JUST A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!
 I bought these bottles because I had always heard they were the best , but what I soon found out was that they are just trendy and not practical at all !!!! They leaked all over my baby girl and I had no idea how much formula she had actually gotten ... I think most of it was on her clothes . I hate these bottles and I am going out to buy some Dr. Browns to see how they work !!!
 Overall there were a few things about these bottles that were very convenient as the other reviewers have stated . The one problem I had which made our lives miserable is that they always leaked . I have heard of others having this problem and it is a real pain . We would get milk all over ourselves and our daughter and anywhere nearby -LRB- the counter , floor etc. -RRB- . We would have to clean it up and change bottles while our child was screaming for her meal . Next time around I will probably go with a different brand .
 I would give this system 0 stars if it would let me ! I have the whole system , bottles , pump , warmer , pacifiers , you name it . My son hates the pacifiers , newborn size is not large enough to stay in his mouth and next size gags him . They are a bad design overall . The Nuk pacifiers are much better . They are softer and they conform to his face better . The nipples leak like crazy and the milk comes out of the newborn nipples WAY too fast . My son gags on that long hard nipple and then he gulps for air as the milk is being sprayed down his throat . It came out so fast that he would be drenched in milk within seconds of giving him the bottle . They also give him horrible air bubbles . He ends up spitting up a substantial portion of everything he takes in . We stopped using them and got the Playtex nurser with drop ins and he is much happier . The nipple on the playtex nurser is -LRB- contrary to Avent advertising -RRB- MUCH more like my nipple than the Avent nipple . It is soft and pliable and it sticks out only when he sucks on it-unlike the avent nipple that juts out permanently . Also , the bags on the disposable nurser leak . Their seams are very weak and would leak through both layers even when we double-bagged them . Avent has great advertising-that is about the only thing great about it .
 They are the worst bottles I have ever purchase !!! Everytime we feed him it leak all over him and made my baby cry so hard because it make so much gas.You will never know how much he drinks . because he keeps on spits back out.I have purchase all the bottles in the market so far the Playtex vent aire is the best ^ __ ^ no leak , no gas , no colic .
 These bottles were awful . My son is a big eater and started going through 8 ounces like it was nothing so I decided to try these for the 9 oz size . Almost everytime we packed them in the diaper bag they leaked and soaked everything . They also would pour out all over him when he drank them . The nipple would invert or come loose and just pour out all over.No fun for twilight feedings . We would make bottles and they would be the last in the fridge we 'd use if we got desperate.I finally said enough and threw them away
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that AVENT products contain BPA / Bisphenol A. I 'm returning everything to Babies R Us . It 's in their pacifiers and bottles and I 'm pretty sure their breast pump as well . Needless to say I am returning my sterilizer , bottles , pacifier and pump . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 Do NOT buy these bottles !! Save yourself from a lot of stress & frustration !! Our Avent bottles leaked all the time & our daughter had a lot of gas . I called Avent customer service to find out how I could get my money back & they were extremely rude to me . I very politely explained my problem with the bottles & the customer service representative immediately got a rude tone with me and said `` There is nothing I can do for you - we do not give refunds . The problem is not with our bottles - you just are not using them properly . ''
 These bottles leak like crazy ... and they are/were -LRB- at the time of this review -RRB- made from potentially unsafe plastics -LRB- PVC , phtalates -RRB- . I would stay away from this brand . We 've been very happy with First Years Soothies instead .
 HI , I HAD THESE BOTTLES BACK IN 2002 WHEN MY SON WAS BORN BECAUSE THE HOSPITAL GAVE THEM TO US TO USE TO FEED THE BABY . I HAD NO PROBLEMS BUT WHEN I BOUGHT MORE WHEN I GOT HOME , I HAD NOTHING BUT LEAKY PROBLEMS !!! I EMAILED AVENT 2 TIMES AND THEY TOLD ME FIRST THAT I HAVE TO CALL THEM TO `` TALK ABOUT IT '' I SAID FORGET IT AND THEN I COMPLAINED AGAIN WHEN THE LEAKING KEPT HAPPENING . THEY SAID THAT I WAS NOT PUTTING THE NIPPLE AND RING ON CORRECTLY . THEY TOLD ME TO ONLY TURN THE RING UNTIL U FEEL IT JUST ATTATCH TO THE BOTTLE AND DO NOT OVER TIGHTEN . I TRIED THIS AND YET AGAIN THE BABY WAS SOAKED !!! MY POINT OF WRITING ABOUT THIS NOW IN 2005 WHEN I USED THESE BOTTLES IN 2002 IS THAT I CAN NOT BELEIVE THIS PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN CORRECTED YET !!! WE THINK WE HAVE ANOTHER BABY ON THE WAY AND I KNOW THAT WE WILL NOT , NOT , NOT , BE GETTING AVENT BOTTLES !!!
 I bought these bottles in spite of the price because I was told they were the best . They are the best when you can stop the bottle from leaking which is not often . A few times I gave my son the bottle and left to come back and find him soaked , crying and still hungry . How annoying ! I did visit a variety of websites and was told I was screwing the cap on too tight . Whatever ! Who has time to think about all that when you have a hungry baby on your hands in the middle of the night . I would not recommend this brand to anyone . Not worth the price !
 These are not the cheapest bottles on the market so I was surprised to find that they leak constantly . After spending countless and painful hours pumping my breast milk it is very frustrating to have all of it pour out all over my daughter and me . Not to mention that these bottles have ruined many of me and my daughters ' shirts and have permanently stained our couch . Another scenario that I continually face with these bottles is cleaning up formula or breast milk off of my walls and floors because sometimes they leak when I shake them for mixing purposes . Also , most of the time when I am running errands I have to run home to get more milk because the bottles leaked out half of my supply . Bottom line - you have to change your baby 's clothes enough in one day without having to do so because of a leaky bottle . Save your sanity and clothing - go with a different brand !! P.S. I just bought all new Dr. Brown 's bottles and they are wonderful !! My baby actually has less gas than with the Avent ones . They are harder to clean though .
 These bottles were supposed to be the `` best '' so we went with them , and they were good for about a week . When you would put the tops back on and shake them to make sure that the formula was mixed - the formula went EVERYWHERE ! You would have to screw the top on and off several times to get a good seal , and even then it still might leak all over and run down your baby 's chin and chest . I also found that my son was getting way too much air from the nipple , you could hear it very loudly . These bottles are all in all NOT worth it , I hope that this was helpful to some of you : -RRB-
 I had a really hard time finding a bottle that my son would take . I could never get him to take a bottle at all until around 12 months . Although my son likes these bottles in comparison to other bottles they are horrible . It is hit and miss when they leak . I 'll take the cap off check the nipple and replace it . Sometimes it will still leak , and sometimes it wo n't . I just keep wiggling the nipple and unscrewing and screwing the cap until it no longer leaks . I 've had to change my son 's clothes on many occassion from the leaky bottle . Just recently I had to purchase a new outfit for my son -LRB- including pants -RRB- because he was soaked from the leaky bottle . It is not just a drip when the bottles leak , but more like a constant small stream . The bottles are assembled correctly it 's just a bad design . It appears from the other comments that this is a common problem . It does n't matter how good the bottles are , they are no use if they contstantly leak .
 Every time I would try to feed my 3 month old daughter it would end up down the front of her shirt instead of down her mouth . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY AND MILK !
 I had received a ton of these bottles at my baby shower and they are absolutely the worst there is . They leaked everywhere . I thought perhaps I was putting the nipples on wrong or not tight enough ... but that did not work . So I decided to purchase new nipples , that did n't work either . I would never waste my money on these again . I threw away $ 100 worth of these things ... The playtex nursers are better ... besides the liners are disposable and there is n't any stuck milk or formula powder to clean up.Don ' t buy these . You will regret it .
 I registered for these bottles and sure wished I would 've returned them when I had the chance . They leak !! And we are not talking about a drop here and there . It is a stream of formula coming out . If you can get them to not leak they would be ok .
 I bought a ton of these with my first , 24 to be exact . I thought of it as an investment . Well , due to the poor design in the neck I now have to make an investment with new furniture from all of the formula stains.If you do n't get the neck on perfectly , which you do n't really know until you start to feed a few mins into feeding you will start to feel the leak ... by then it 's too late and once you lift the bottle up you , the baby and where ever you were sitting is soaked . For us , using smelly/staining soy formula this was a problem.Since then we have used 4 other types ... Playtex deluxe nursers -LRB- similar nipple to avents -RRB- , evenflo healthy flow , vent air and Gerber . By far we loved the Playtex deluxe/designer nursers with the disposable liners . No leak problems , less gas and easy to clean . We just had our second and stocked up on them in 4 oz as well as 8 oz . If you are worried about the cost of liners , Walgreen 's and Wal-Mart make great generic liners that work perfectly and have never leaked on us . They are less than half the price of the Playtex ones.Good luck with your choice and I hope my experience with the bottles help .
 I breastfed my son for 5 months and gave him occasional bottle with either formula or pumped breastmilk since he was born . He had problems with the Avent newborn nipple , the flow was too fast for him for the first month . The milk would drip out of his mouth . Eventually he got used to it , but he had problems with spit up so we switched to Dr.Brown bottles -LRB- less spit up -RRB- . When my son was around 4 months old he refused Avent bottles and Dr.Brown bottles . We tried different size nipples , we tried warming the nipple , we tried heating the formula at different temperature . Nothing worked . For two weeks it was like that . Finally I tried Gerber NUK size 2 and I could n't believe my eyes , he started sucking immediately . If you 're switching between breastfeeding and bottlefedding save your money and buy the most inexpensive and the best bottle out there , Gerber bottles -LRB- especially NUK -RRB- .
 I HAVE NEVER SEEN MORE BUBBLES EXCEPT IN A BUBBLE BATH ! THESE BOTTLES ALSO LEAK A LOT . WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT AFTER ALL THE HYPE !!! DR BROWN 'S ARE WAY BETTER .
 I recently purchased the Avent Nuatural bottles -LRB- not disposable -RRB- and I am very unhappy . With my first son , I used the playtex ventair system . I decided to utilize this product with my second son due to the fact that I was nursing and the nipples facilitate transition to the bottle . However , I have experienced nothing but frustration and inconvenience with this system .1 . Firstly , I purchased stage 1 and 2 nipples . Both nipples leak from the sides of my son 's mouth so that I have clothes & burp clothes saturated with formula . The bottles also leak . In the FAQ section of the AVENT WEB SITE they suggest not closing the ring so tight . That 's ridiculous !! In the middle of the night who has the energy to be bothered ! I have two son 's only 15 months apart .2 . My baby was premature and has some oral aversion & the nipple length is so large it occasionally gags him .3 . Last but not least , the bottles are so large that they take up so much room in my diaper bag . I ca n't even find a dishwashing rack to fit the nipples & rings and just as they take up my whole top rack of the washer.Babiesrus do not return used or opened bottles so I am stuck with these . I wish I had used the vent aire system again !
 What a waist of money ! I have a set of twins at home - how frustrating is it for the 6:30 am feeding when your bottle leaks all over your children ! Not did it happen once , but twice in the same day ! The bottles do n't just leak , they pour out ! Plus , after 20 minutes of sucking , the kids usually fall asleep & have only taken half their bottles - only to get up a couple of hours later for more ! I would never recommend these bottles to anyone !
 When my baby was 2 weeks old , I first tried getting him to take a bottle to prepare him for when I went back to work . He fought it from the very beginning . When he was 10 weeks old , I returned to work , and we were still struggling trying to get him to take the avent bottle . I wanted to use the avent because I had always heard it was the `` best '' ... Well , my baby does n't think so ! At 4 months old , the daycare was getting frustrated and so was I , when a someone told me that their baby would n't take avent so and someone gave her a Dr Brown 's to try and her baby took that . So I decided to try it . My baby took the Dr Brown 's the first time with no problems , and still loves it today . I do n't know why he refused the avent , but he did . I thought it was just because he wanting my breast , but after trying the Dr Brown 's , now I know it was the avent bottle . I will say that I never had trouble with the avent leaking like some people . I think they are just screwing the lid on too tight .
 Do n't waste your time or your milk or formula money . These bottles leak if you do n't screw them on `` just right . '' I have been using bottles in my profession since 1995 and I have never encountered the problems I have had with the so called best bottle advent . I decided to spend the extra money and by the advent bottles when my baby was born in July . I have several of their bottles and they are all faulty . Imagine spilling your milk all over your baby , or all over the floor while your baby is still screaming with hunger . Save yourself the headache and by something else . If you like the nipples use them with another bottle . The ring attachment system on the Advent bottle does not work . I am going to have to spend even more money to replace all the bottles with a different system , do n't let it happen to you .
 We bought several avent bottles and discovered that they leak all the time . Called the company to see what they were going to do about it and they blamed me for their faulty material . DO NOT buy this product . You can do better with other bottles and nipples .
 very leaky ... when you call they dont ake the situation any better . They say it 's do to washing bottles with anti bacterial soap , etc. botto line these bottles stink and they are expensive . Do n't bother !
 Just when you least expect it for no obvious reason these bottles leak . And by leaking I mean leak A LOT . A lot of milk dribbles out ... down your arm , onto your lap ... all over your chair . It 's really annoying , especially since these bottles are NOT cheap . You 'd think they could design them better than this ! And after awhile , just when you forget how much they leak ... bam ! It happens again . This is the second time I 've used these bottles -LRB- I kept them for my second child because they cost so much I did n't want to replace them -RRB- and the leaking has annoyed me so much that I was inspired to get online and post this review ! You 'd think after all this time I would have figured out how to keep them from leaking , but no , there 's no rhyme or reason to it . I would strongly recommend another brand .
 I bought the Avent bottles and the bottle warmer . First , the bottles spill ... my son had milk all over his shirt and there was a big mess . I thought it was just that one bottle so I tried another bottle -LRB- I had 4 Avent bottles -RRB- the same thing happened . I wrote avent informing them of the prooblem ... I received no reply except 2 weeks later I received a bottle from Avent in the mail ... tried it and it spilled . I gave up and bought its cometitor Dr. Brown ... PERFECT , NO SPILLING AND A DRY WELL FED BABY ! sECOND , i BOUGHT THE aVENT BOTTLE WARMER ... BE CAREFUL THIS IS A FIRE HAZARD . The warmer light turns off but the machine is still on ! There is no automatic shut off even though the warmer looks like it is off ! Be carefull ... I threw this out as well .
 Stay as far away from Avent feeding bottles as you can . This product is total junk , the bottles leak all the time . We have tried many , different sizes , different nipples , purchased at different stores and different times . They are all the same , they leak from under the lid no matter how tight you screw it on . Complete garbage .
 From a functional standpoint , I have no complaints . The bottles never leaked on us and they 're easy to clean because the openings are wide . However , I changed all our Avent bottles to non-BPA alternatives about a month ago . -LRB- BPA is a chemical that is used to make some clear plastic bottles that could be potentially harmful to your child . Although the FDA is still conducting research on this issue , my opinion is why take a chance on something that can be easily corrected . As parents , we have so many other things to worry about . -RRB- I blame myself for not doing more research prior to purchasing these . I was at Target the other day and saw a few AVENT sippy cups that were specifically advertised as BPA free . This annoyed me greatly . Does this indirectly imply that AVENT knows that BPA could be harmful , but continues to sell BPA products ? AVENT has definitely violated my trust . I will not be spending any more money on AVENT products .
 I had started with these bottles . Then I called AVENT , and they told me these bottles contain BPA . I switched to the Tempo Liner bottles and they work just as well .
 The Avent bottle leaks , has nipple collapse because of the vacuum of air and my baby was swallowing alot of air . I have been using Dr. Brown 's for 11 months , they are the BEST , no leaking , no vacuum , no gulping air , no more reflux ! These bottles are the best for a baby with gastro/colic problems or without . They are the SAME price as Avent , so buy Dr. Brown 's , your baby will thank you !
 My trash was just picked up today with every Avent bottle and product I owned in it . We were at Home Depot the other day and went through three different bottles and had milk draining profusely all down my daughters front and dripping all over the floor every time I tried to feed her . She was not able to eat a drop and we ended up racing home . The nipples are also shaped to where there is a space on both sides of the mouth when they are sucking . She was sucking in a ton of air and also had milk draining down her face through the sides of her mouth . AWFUL EXPERIENCE . What a waste of money .
 Do n't believe the hype surrounding these bottles . Everyone told us that these were the best , etc. ... Well , they 're not . They leak everywhere -LRB- despite using the fix outlined on the package -RRB- and their low flow nipples only work if you have an hour to spare for each feed . We have had much better luck with the basic nipple/bottle set ups from Gerber or Playtex .
 Perhaps the bottle/nipple combination works well for some babies , but for ours the flow rate was so slow as to render it unusable . Changing to the # 2 nipple with a faster flow rate did not change things . It might not have been the nipple hole size per se , but how hard it is to squeeze the nipple to get anything to come out . Extrapolating from 15 minutes , it would have taken our baby 75 minutes to finish a 100cc bottle . And our baby is a successful breast feeder and can eat from ANY other bottle/nipple combination .
 these bottles are a nice sturdy bottle , but when my twins were about 6 months old the bottles started leacking from between the plastic top and the opening of the bottle a real pain ... , and they do not prevent gas like they say they do , gerber makes a botttle with a contour design same idea as the avent I have n't tried them but it is the same concept for less money .
 I had heard so many good things about the Avent bottles and I thought these bottles would be great for times when I was away since I 'm nursing . My son hates these bottles . The nipple was too hard . My son also swallowed a lot of air with these bottles and was gassy and spitting up for the rest of the evening . I reccommend not buying an entire system . Instead buy one of a few different kinds of bottles and see which one your baby likes best . We switched to the Evenflo Elite , which was reccommended by a lactation specialist . This bottle is more similar to a breast , has softer nipples , and he does n't swallow a lot of air .
 My pediatrician recommended these bottles as an easy transition from breast to bottle feeding , but they leak all over the place if not stored upright . It is so aggravating to go somewhere and find that your bottle has soaked your diaper bag and everything in it ! My daughter also gags on the elongated nipple , and seems to swallow more air . We have since tried the evenflo bottles and like them much better .
 I registered for these bottles since I heard wonderful things about them ... but they made my son VERY gassy . He 's cry all night in pain . I switched to Johnson and Johnson bottles and he hardly even burps anymore . So many people like these bottles so I would n't say not to try them , but for us , they did n't work out at all .
 I agree with what I see a lot of people on here saying - these bottles LEAK ! It 's extremely frustrating , especially when you are expressing your own breastmilk and every drop is like liquid gold . I thought I was doing something wrong but then my husband and a coworker both complained to me at different times with different bottles -LRB- so it was n't just one defective one -RRB- . I 'm going to return whatever I have that 's not opened and get a different kind of bottle . This will teach me to read reviews first !
 These bottles seemed so attractive and all the celebrities seem to use them , so i thought i needed to too . I was happy with these bottles for about two months . i even bought the electric steamer , bottle brush , baby warmer , and 50 nipples and bottles ! I spent alot and then i realized that nearly EVERYTIME that i made a bottle and shook it up , the milk would splash out EVERYWHERE . I would Get pretty upset when this happened in the middle of the night and he was really screaming because he was hungry . Its gotten very annoying here recently . I have had these bottles for 5 months now and i am going to have to buy new bottles . i will be switching to playtex disposables . they are easier to clean anyway . my husband thinks that we need to replace all the nipples to the avent 's with new ones ! i dont even want to waste anymore money on them because apparently you only get 2 months use out of them before they start splattering . i read a review on these bottles on this site before buying . a lady said they splattered horribly and i thought she just bought defective ones , but no , these all probably have a chance of splattering ! i mean , i had 50 bottles and all gave me a hard time !! I used the playtex disposables with my first daughter and she seemed to have more gas than my son did and he took the avent bottles . maybe the avents work great on gassy babies , then again , maybe its just different babies have different systems . if you want to go with avent , i say buy a few and then switch to playtex after about 5 months anyway if they start splattering . dont do what i did thogh and waste alot of money !!
 Do n't waste your money ! Overpriced leaky bottles !
 We have a 1 week old , and are experiencing the same leaking problems described by other reviewers . For those of you that have figured it out , would someone PLEASE advise the rest of us what it is you are doing ? Screw the cap on very tight ? Rather loose ? Not too loose nor too tight ? Assemble everything while wet , out of the dishwasher ??? PLEASE HELP ! We 've checked out the Avent website , and are still at a loss .
 Too much air is allowed into the baby 's stomach . I tried these bottles but my daughter seemed to get more air and then became fussy and gassy . I suggest the Playtex Nursers over the Avent . Every baby is different so it may just be my experience so you should try a few different ones . The reason I gave it two stars is b/c I like how you can interchange all of Avent tops with every type of bottom they make . All of the lids and nipples fit all of the cups , bottles , storage containers etc. . That is nice . I am glad I decided to register for the Playtex over the Avent .
 At first we loved these bottles -LRB- not many parts , easy to read -RRB- then we noticed that they have a tendency to leak milk by the seam . We contacted Philips and they said you must wet the seal completely to prevent leaking we tried that and they still leaked about 1/3 of the time . So we went out and bought Dr Browns and are giving the Avent away . The Dr. Browns are made in the USA and have more parts but our baby seems to like them better , less fussy and less drool while eating .
 These bottles are well recommended but I recommend everyone out there to NOT buy them . I called the company complaining about the continuous leaking and they said I was screwing them on too tightly . Whatever ! These bottles ruined several outings for us to the point where I am throwing them all out -LRB- I have about 30 - we have twins -RRB- and vow to never use them again . They are junk . The problem is , when you wash the nipples in the dishwasher -LRB- which is recommended by Avent -RRB- the shrink with time . Save your money and your frustrations !!!!!
 I bought so many of these sets -LRB- up to size 3 nipples -RRB- and now I am bummed . I am in the midst of changing bottles . I love them for how they look , feel and durability but 1 -RRB- Coming from the Hospital bottles , you can not read the measurements well if you are counting MLs , it 's vague under 20ML and above 120 MLs if you have the 4 oz etc. . 2 -RRB- the bottles fill up with so many bubbles causing frequent gas = stop and go feed and burping = very unhappy babies in pain ! ; - -LRB- I have no complaints about leaking as they are real tight and secure , just maybe from the side of the baby 's mouth but that 's not the bottle 's fault . I am holding onto these as they might work better when they get a little bit older and switching to the size 2 nipple.For now , I grabbed a Dr. Brown 's at Walgreens to try the whole no air bottles and could n't believe how much faster they ate ! Although their Size 1 nipple is much tinier than an Avent 1 , had to push a skewer through the hole several times . 61/2 oz in 10 minutes ! One big burp at the end . No stopping and starting again every 20-30 MLs ! I just ca n't believe the difference in time spent feeding ! -LRB- esp . matters when you have 2 ! -RRB- Someone else in the reviews mentioned getting the wide neck Dr. Brown 's as they are similar to the Avent bottles . Today I went to a store and physically compared the two , should n't be too much nipple confusion , :--RRB- as compared to those skinny bottles.Maybe my girls are a little gassy as they were preemies and started on the nipple early so they have a short span from waking up and eating , resulting in them acting a little ravished while I wait for the milk to heat . Maybe they are gasping too much air before they begin . . ? BUT there is just a TON of BUBBLES in the bottle ! I do n't get it as the box claims prevents colic and the not so much air statement on the box . `` Anti vacuum skirt prevents Air Swallowing '' Hmmm ... not for my twins.I give Avent 2 stars , as their nipples and parts are all so well made and of the best materials . Very sturdy , easy to wash and simple to put together . The only other complaint would be the lid does n't pop off smoother but that is part of their sleek secure fittings . The 8oz are awesome for storage of prepared formula to have in the fridge , ready to go , since everything seals nice and airtight .
 I am also a new mom and these bottles are a pain the neck ... Like other moms have mentioned before you know it when feeding my baby , the formula is all over the bib and her clothes and me and it happens pretty much everytime . I am switching bottles becuase these bottles are expensive and simply over-rated .
 Initially , I really liked these bottles ... but recently , I have experienced a lot of leaking with them . I did read the information they provided . I am replacing the bottles every 3 months . I am careful not to change the temp . to quickly as the company says that may cause cracking in the ring . I am screwing the bottles on lose . . tight ... tighter ... it does n't seem to matter . It 's very frustrating for me and my son . It 's a tease to him when he thinks he 's getting a bottle and it ends up all over both of us and then I need to go try and find one that wo n't leak `` this time '' . Unfortunately , my son is very use to them ... so it 's hard to switch ... If you can find a bottle that does n't cause you this aggrevation whether the ring is tight or lose or whatever ... then you really should purchase it
 Our little girl was born a month early and I was only able to breastfeed for 2 weeks . I heard such great things about Avent so we registered for the entire system , breast pump , bottles , sterilizer , food warmer . Everything was great except the bottles . They leak and have a lot of bubbles . I finally switched to Dr. Browns no more screaming and a lot less gas . A bit expensice but well worth it .
 I had heard that Avent bottles were the best ones , so , of course , got plenty of them . At first we really liked using them , but then again , we had never had a baby before and did n't know the difference . We immediately got frustrated by the amount of formula that would leak all over us and our baby ! We tried everything , loosening the top during heating , pulling the nipple out and putting back in , tightening the top , and NOTHING worked . Or , it would work for a while and then leak again . I 'm sure that some of you might want to have to fight with them since they are good bottles , but not me ! Why struggle with a bottle when there are some out there you do n't have to ! We tried the Evenflo bottles , and LOVE them . No leaking , and they are angled for better flow . I do n't see them on line , but you can get them at the store . Happy Feeding !
 I expected these very pricey bottles to be wonderful . However , neither my son nor I liked them . They leaked all the time , and the nipples are so long that he often gagged on them . He actually prefers the inexpensive Evenflo bottles , which do n't leak had have standard-size nipples . I 'm glad I only bought a couple of Avent bottles before I discovered that we do n't like them.To be fair , though , I do know other mothers who swear by Avent bottles .
 1 . -RRB- These polycarbonate bottles contain BPA -LRB- bisphenol-A -RRB- , a known carcinogen when the plastic is heated or scratched .2 . -RRB- Phillips has purchased Avent and moved production to the far east and China .3 . -RRB- There are much healthier alternatives to BPA including Born Free bottles -LRB- both glass and plastic -RRB- , Medela bottles , Sassy MAM bottles , and Evenflo glass bottles.I am throwing away all of my Avent bottles and replacing them with something safer . The $ 50 - $ 100 replacement cost is worth it for my son 's health . Sippy cups and pacifiers also have this problem . Please do your research .
 These bottles are THE MOST piece of SH * & ! bottles on the market !!! They are expensive and they leak all over every time . I ca n't even believe that they can make a bottle that leaks and then rip us off in the process . This bottle has ruined my life ! My kitchen is full of milk that has leaked out of these stupid bottles . I have to change my sons crib sheet , -LRB- yes the crib sheet which everyone knows is a freaking pain in the butt to change -RRB- all the time because the bottle leaks all over his bed . These bottles drive me up the wall and piss the HELl out of me everyday !!!
 My husband and I ca n't tell you how many times we have made formula and started shaking only to be covered with a mess ! These are the worst , and I have tons of them . . My husband actually broke the faucet in my kitchen sink out of frustration from these bottles . .
 They leak like mad ... and although you tell yourself you must be doing something wrong because no bottle should leak this much , it 's not your fault . It 's these idiotic bottles ! I ca n't imagine how they passed any kind of testing when they were being made . Please do n't buy them , it is a huge waste of money !
 These bottles leak 80 % of the time ! That is way too often ! It 's especially frustrating when I 'm trying to mix up formula in the middle of the night and milk flies all over the kitchen as I shake the bottle . No matter if I put the lid on tight or loose , it leaks . I bought some of the Playtex Vent-Aire bottles and have never had one single problem with leakage . I would recommend them a million times over the Avent bottles .
 We 've been using these for 3 months now and the leaks are becoming unbearable . How hard can it be to design a bottle that does not leak ? Buyer beware !
 I had registered for these bottles thinking that they were the BEST . Little to my surprise they LEAK ... I found this out the hard way after putting the bottle in my daughters mouth , then finding out it was leaking all over her . I find that I have to rinse the nipple out with water and screw it back on . Most of the time it wo n't leak from then on . But to make my daughter cry even more , is n't worth buying these bottles again . I now make sure the bottles do n't leak before I stick it in her mouth , by slowly putting it on it 's side about 5 times . I feel like I am teasing her with this bottle . Although this bottle does have it 's + + + to it , like they are short , holds 9 ounces and they are alot easier to clean then the tall bottles . But I still wo n't buy them again ...
 These bottles were purchased for me as a baby shower gift . They were also highly praised by a friend . When I brought my daughter home from the hospital I could n't wait to start using them . Well ... they are HORRIBLE . If your child is drinking 4oz , about 31/2 of the ounces will leak down the child 's face and neck . These bottles did n't help either with gass ! I then tried Playtex Vent-Aire , yet again . . another horrible bottle . I now use Dr. Brown 's and I must say -LRB- with fingers crossed -RRB- they are great . They do n't leak , my daughter is actually drinking the formula instead of it leaking out of her mouth . The nipple actually fits inside her mouth ! I 'm convincing friends and family with baby 's on the way to think twice about this product.AND for all you `` first time moms '' do n't do what I did and sterlize every bottle before the baby comes home . I am now stuck with 18 bottles that I will not use because I thought I was doing myself a favor by sterlizing all of them to be put away ! Big mistake . Test the bottles out first to see if you like them or not .
 I had been using Avent bottles since my 5 month old was born , and they seemed to work ok . I never had problems with leaking . My baby started spitting up really bad around 3 months , and dr. said he had reflux . Prescription med worked , but not permanently . Dr. never suggested changing formula or bottles . The spitting up got significantly worse , even with medicine , at 4 months old . Even two or three hours after feeding he was spitting up , a lot at one time . I was desperate , and bought a Dr. Brown bottle . After just one feeding with new bottle , he did not spit up , period . How wonderful ! Since then , he has had small spit ups occasionally , but nothing like he was having with Avent . I wish I had bought the Dr. Brown bottle when he was 3 months old.I do n't want to criticize Avent bottles , because I think that they are probably good for babies that do n't have the reflux problem , and are good for breast-to-bottle transitions . However , if your baby does spit up a lot , I think that Avent just makes it worse . The bottle does allow air to get to baby . My advice to new parents
 I love the Avent bottles . My son -LRB- 3 months -RRB- is exclusively breast fed , and he takes these bottles , and switches from breast to bottle with no problem . They 're easy to clean with the wide tops . However , he outgrew the 4 ounces bottles pretty quickly - about 2 or 21/2 months . I would recommend getting the 9 ounce bottles and not filling it all the way . You 're going to end up buying more bottles anyway .
 I was very disappointed with this product . There is a manufacturer 's defect with the bottle causing formula to spill out when you tip or shake the bottle . I pitched all my bottles after it spilled all over my daughter during a mid-night feeding . The last thing I want to do at 2:00 am is change my daughter because of a defect . I am now using the Dr. Brown bottles ... what a difference .
 I disagree with some of the other reviewers . I have tried everything and no matter what I do these bottles leak all over my son . If I keep them a little loose , THEY LEAK . If I try to tighten them a little , THEY LEAK ! My poor son has been tortured by these bottles long enough . I also did not want to throw them away and waste money . But I could not take it anymore - I threw them away and now use the cheaper and better Playtex bottles . So please moms everywhere , do n't use these bottles . Your babies deserve better !
 I ordered these bottles and soon after found they were made of polycarbonate which contains BPA - a chemical that mimics the human hormone estrogen and has been found to stimulate certain cancers . Early exposure to BPA can cause genetic damage , prostate cancer and ovarian dysfunction .
 I am so sorry I asked for these bottles on my registry . No one in my family will use them including my husband . WHen we send our daughter to family members to be babysat , they actually tell us not to send her with these bottles . They leak and I find it ridiculous to pay all that money for bottles I have to struggle with while listening to a screaming hungry baby . We bought the multicolored gerber cheap ones and she likes those better . Plus , they do n't leak . Like all things nowadays , you pay for the Avent name and not the product .
 If I had not been given a ton of Avent bottles , I would have chosen some other system . The leaking is terrible !!! You have to buy the disks separately , you should get them for free because they are absolutely essential . The only way to mix formula in the bottle or transport liquid is to use the disks in the ring , then switch to the nipple when you are ready to feed . The only reason I give it a two is because I do like that you can pump directly into the bottle with the ISIS breast pump . And , I like the sippy cups .
 We used Dr. Brown bottles for our first and switched to Avent around 11 mos or so with him . Our second is now 11 weeks old and has been using Dr. Browns . I was so tired of cleaning all of the parts and thought I would try the Avents . The box boasted about new sofeter nipples , which I remebered being the difficulty with our first when we tried them . I thought `` great ! '' and purchased them . Unfortunately our 11 week did not agree and they are anything but soft ! It is difficult for young babies to suck because it does not collapse enough . The shape also caused him to gulp a lot of air . I guess I will have to succumb to the bottle washing schedule I was trying to avoid with the Dr. Browns because they really did work . By the way , the wide mouth bottles made by Dr. Browns worked better regarding the shape of the nipple & the nipples are much softer than the Avent . I still think the traditional shaped Dr. Browns work best though.These bottles -LRB- Avents -RRB- also leak when they end up on their side in the diaper bag . I do n't see what the big hype is about Avent in general .
 I bought this at Babies ` R ' Us . Love the bottle but not the leak . You need to correctly tighten the cap with the bottle or else there will be leak . Sometimes , I have to tighten it couple of times before getting it right . I wish Avent make it more easy for new parents as it is very annoying with a crying baby needing milk while I was spending all the time trying to get the cap on tighten the right way so there will be no leak .
 At first I thought these bottles were great but then they started to leak all of the time . I then went out and purchased a whole new supply of them thinking they were used too much or put in the dishwasher to much.However , it has only been about 6 weeks and they are now leaking everywhere . If you do get these bottles make sure you always have extra clothes with you and extra diaper bags . There is nothing worse than going somewhere and getting a bottle out of the bag only to realize not only is your bag and everything in it soaked you also have no water to make your hungry baby a bottle .
 At 1st , thought these bottles were great ... But after only 9 weeks , half of them are leaking , BAD ... Do n't realize it until I see my sons neck and clothes are soaked ... Will be switching to other bottles !!!! Save your money !!!!
 These bottles are just not worth the pain . I agree with other users , they just leak way too much . Then , the directions tell you not to tighten the collar too tight , yet if you have it too loose , the nipple is too fast . There are all these different instructions on how to properly install these . It 's just not worth the headache , especially at a 2am feeding . Also , my baby still spits up and has gas when using these but I have yet to find a bottle that would eliminate spitup and gas .
 I purchased these bottles after hearing how wonderful they were . I breastfed my daughter for her first year , so we did n't use them that often . When she was weaned , and started on formula we started having problems . Everytime my husband or I would screw on the ring , milk poured out everywhere ! There was no right way to screw the damn rings on ... it was just pure luck , and it took numerous times each feeding to get it on right . The milk would pour out from underneath the ring -LRB- not from the nipple -RRB- . My first thought was that I just got a bad batch ... but I had bought them at different times , then I thought that the dishwasher was somehow warping them . Well , if that 's the case then forget about Avent !! I do n't have the time to handwash all her bottles , and if I did find the time , I still would n't . I read through the reviews to see if it was just me ... I found many reviews just like mine . Then I found myself laughing at the reviews that instruct you on how to create the perfect seal . I got ta tell you , I put up with these stupid bottles for far too long , and they are expensive , so I held off on buying new ones . It felt so good to throw these in the trash . There is no need to have to spend the time on the `` perfect seal '' , when there are other brands that work so much better ! We finally threw them all out and bought another brand , Soothie , so far have been wonderful!Don ' t waste your money on this brand . * The sippy cups are just as bad . I 've forgotten about them several times , and they 've tipped on their side inside her diaper bag and they leak even with the lids on tight .
 We got these bottles because they are supposed to be the closest thing to breast feeding , and they advertise a ` slow-flow ' nipple . Needless to say , the milk just ran down our baby 's chin every time . The slow-flow is not slow enough for a baby who is accustomed to breast feeding and having to work at gettimg milk out . They are way too expensive and did n't work well for us .
 These bottles leak at random and usually it is when my son has nice clean clothes on . He is almost 1 and I used these for past few months , I will not use with my next child .
 Received the whole system before baby was born after research and family & friends refered . After a few months , these bottles started to randomly leak all over . I contacted the maker and received no help only instruction on `` how to use '' them . I started with about 20 various sizes - now down to six after only 5 months !! Too expensive to keep throwing away ! After talking to friends who use this brand - some had no leaking others leaked as well ! On the way to find a better brand with out all the leaks !
 Our baby had some feeding problems and they were only exacerbated by these bottles which allowed him to swallow lots of air . Because he was so gassy and spitting up he could n't eat enough at one go to sleep more than an hour or two at a time even into his third month . He was suffering and we were exhausted . Our Dr. diagnosed reflux ... and he may have some ... but I have to say I suspect that there are a lot of reflux diagnoses these days -LRB- seems popular ailment -RRB- that are probably actually bottle-based . The nurse at the doctor 's office told me her grandchild had the same problem and the second he switched to Dr. Browns bottles he started to sleep through the night and eat well and his gas virtually disappeared ... so I tried it . Within one feeding my son was noticeably better and within a day he was sleeping three times as long . He still has some gas , but I would say it has been reduced by 70 percent and now he only spits-up once or twice a day . I would have paid thousands of dollars to have the Dr. Browns versus the Avent bottles from the start as I lost 3 months of sleep ... it may be that the collapsable plastic bag bottles work just as well but I have n't tried those .
 Drive me crazy the tend to leak like crazy !!! Buy any other band !! No mater what you do they still have a problem with getting a good seal . So if you like the feel of baby mike buy Advent . I had to give is 1 star because they do n't have a negative option .
 I heard so many good things about these bottles , so I put them down on my registry . The first couple of times I feed my son with them I had no problems . Then they started leaking like crazy , I thought the bottle was cracked , but it happened with all of them . And he had such a problem with gas that these bottles did not help at all , they only added to it . so I tried buying other bottles -LRB- playtex ventair etc. -RRB- and nothing seemed to work -LRB- they just didnt leak which was good -RRB- so finally I bought those Dr. Brown bottles , and we just love them . No more leaks and no more air bubbles . I gave this 2 stars because they are easy to clean and good for freezing breast milk in . I now just use them to mix formula in .
 I was very dissapointed with these bottles . I heard so many good things about them and tried them out . I think I should of stayed with the Playtex bottles . These bottles leak so much , my daughter has woken up all drenched in milk because they leak . Never again will I be purchasing these again ...
 I still do not understand why these bottles are so well rated . Due to advice from my SIL , I requested this for my baby shower and was incredibly disappointed in them.The bottles constantly leak , and I have tried every suggested trick . There is no way around it . And when I have a crying hungry baby in my arms , I do not want to have to take the time to do everything to ensure that the bottle does n't leak.Then , there is the air bubble issue . The amount of air bubbles that enter the bottle when my baby is eating is tremendous . This has led to severe colic problems.These bottle have been packed away for good and I only use Dr. Brown 's .
 I have had a big problem with these bottles leaking when you go to shake up the formula at 4 am with a crying little one who wants to take the extra time to make sure that these finicky bottles and nipples are perfectly straight , but on a lighter note my son had no trouble going from bottle to brest which was nice ! Also he has never had a gas problem using these !
 I was very disappointed with the Avent bottle/nipples because of how much they leak when my baby feeds . So much formula ends up dripping down the sides of her face and nearly runs into her ears ! I tried switching among the different Avent nipples but this did n't make any difference . I 'm going to go back to using the Gerber bottle/nipples , which hardly leaked .
 i believed all the hype on these bottles and now i wish i hadnt wasted the money . they leak if you dont have the top on just right and when they vent the air it makes this annoying high pitched noise . im very disappointed with them !!!!
 My daughter hates the Avent nipple , she is breastfed and ca n't seem to suck on these nipples , even though she does fine with regular nipples . I find that ironic since they market these as easy to transition from breast to bottle . The wide neck makes it harder for me to keep air out of the nipple . These bottles are large and they do n't fit any other nipples or rings . They do n't fit well in my dishwasher baskets either . They are just plain cumbersome , and overpriced .
 I 'm happy for those who have n't had problems with these , but almost every mom I know has tried them and every single one of them has stopped using them because of the leaks . Simply `` not over-tightening '' the caps does n't work . I tried every degree of tightness possible and have even found that `` sweet spot '' others have mentioned , and they still leaked like crazy . Even if a few talented folks can get them to work flawlessly every time , I think the company has to take a serious look at this problem . It was unbelievably frustrating to deal with the leaks during 3 A.M. feedings , and it was downright heartbreaking to produce a mere 2 oz . of breastmilk at a time -LRB- I just was n't a big producer no matter how often I nursed/pumped -RRB- only to have more of it end up on my son 's shirt than in his tummy because of these bottles.I ended up switching to the Wal * Mart brand -LRB- Parent 's Choice -RRB- , which is an Avent knockoff -LRB- same wide neck , and you can use Avent nipples ! -RRB- They 're about half the price , and guess what ? No leaks ! : -RRB-
 I bought these bottles because I had heard from others that they were the best . For the first few months we owned them , they worked great ! Then the leaks started ... at 3am when you are half awake , trying to feed your little one - it is really irritating to have formula , milk , juice -- running all over your baby and yourself . After screwing and re-screwing the top on over and over ... it just is n't worth it . Not to mention , they are expensive.I am pregnant again and will be using another bottling system .
 I decided to use the Avent bottles because I heard they were supposed to be the `` best '' for breast feed babies ... well ... my baby does n't think so ! I introduced the Avent with my breast milk to my baby when he was two weeks old , and he cried the whole time I tried to give it to him . I continued to work with him and the Avent bottles over the next several weeks trying to get him to take it so he would be prepared for daycare when I returned to work . It continued to be a struggle . I thought it was just because he wanted my breast . I returned to work when he was ten weeks old , and trying to give him a bottle continued to be a struggle . The daycare started to get really frustrated , so I finally decided to try a differant bottle . I bought a Dr Brown 's , and my baby took that bottle without any problems ! I was so relieved that I actually cried ! I bought more Dr Brown 's and threw the Avents in the trash . If you are reading this and trying to decide what bottle to use , my advice would be not to go out and by a lot of one kind and try to stick to it if your baby does n't take it right away like I did . No babies are alike , but from my personal experiance , Avent is NOT for the breast feed baby !
 Baby seemed to do well with these bottles -LRB- less gassiness -RRB- , and the wide bottles were comfortable to hold while feeding her , but I could n't stand the leaking anymore ! The 4 oz . bottles were n't too bad , but the larger ones were terrible -LRB- I think they are 7 oz ? -RRB- . I sold them all on Ebay and cut my losses .
 My daughter was born 4 months ago and have just started to consistanly use bottles . Someone recommended that I try the Avent bottle because the nipple is similar to that of the breast . I have to agree that my daughter has had no problem with the exchange . Unfortunately , the bottle leaks . You have to be very careful when screwing on the cap or you will have milk all over you and your crying baby . When the bottle leaks you have to take the cap off and dry out all the crevices . I can not tell you how frustrating that is when you have a screaming baby waiting to eat . I would not recommend these bottles to anyone , these bottles have been more of a headache than they are worth !
 My baby and three other babys in our `` playgroup '' experienced leaking around the nipple - like the babies just ca n't get their mouths closed around the nipple . I gave up on Avent bottles all together .
 Bottles LEAK !!! did not solve gas problem . We switched to Dr Browns bottles ant we are much more happy . Try before you buy .
 Do n't bother buying these if you want your baby to take in less air . Go with the Dr. Brown 's . My kids actually ingested more air b/c of the nipple shape - they just could n't get their mouths around the large base.Reasons I give 2 stars : - well-made-easy to clean
 This is only my 2nd review ever but these bottles are so frustrating . Tonight they leaked all over baby again right after I put a new outfit on her . Finally got me online to write a review . They LEAK . The first month it was n't so bad but now every so often they dump a ton of formula on me , the baby , the floor . For the price I was expecting much better .
 These bottle are a HUGE disappointment and a huge waste of money !! Please - all new mothers - spend the extra money and get Dr. Brown or ANY other kind of bottle ! These bottle leak formula . I would say that 1 out of every 3 feedings results in formula dripping all over our baby . We have tried every way we can think of to srew the tops on and they still leak . My husband will screw them on so tightly that I ca n't even get them off and what do you know - they STILL leak !! The nipples on the bottle also clog with formula and breast milk and so your baby will be sucking so hard , trying to get food and nothing comes out ! These bottles have some MAJOR design flaws and I would really think about going with something different , I know we will with our next child !
 Avent bottles are not as great as all the write ups . They allow to much air to enter the baby 's system . Spend your money on a better bottle like Dr. Brown 's or Platex . I know several new mother 's who bought in the ad hype about these bottles and ended up trashing them and buying something else .
 I am a first time mother and have bought just about every bottle out there for our very finicky daughter . I had heard a lot of great things about the Avent system and decided to invest in it . They definitly did not help with my daughters colic and she would get so frustrated when they leaked all over her . She is on formula and so much of it turns to foam when she drinks that it is hard to tell how much she has acutally had . After trying so many different bottles she is very happy with the Playtex Ventaire system and so are we .
 I owned Avent bottles when my son was a baby and had major leaking problems no matter what I did , but I did like the bottles and my son was picky with nipples so these bottles were all he would use . So when I had my daughter I bought the same bottles just because my son did like them and they do have minimal parts but once again I had the same problems I had with them when I had my son ... leaking !! I thought maybe the new ring they added to go between the nipple and the bottle had stopped the leaking but apparently not . It seems with the Avent bottles when they nipples are new the bottles work fine -LRB- no leaking -RRB- and once the nipples get a little older -LRB- maybe over a month -RRB- they start to leak , and its really bad when your in the middle of feeding you baby and realize the formula leaked all over the baby 's clothes and now you have to stop feeding the baby and try to get the bottle to stop leaking and the baby is screaming all the while because they are hungry ! So I was browsing around on Amazon and saw that they make Gerber Gentle Flow bottles which have the same shape as the avent bottles and you can even use the Avent nipples on them , , , they will work with all the Avent products . I bought them 3 for 11.99 from amazon and used the Avent nipples with them , I 've had them for over 3 months now and I have NOT had a leak once !! I 'm telling you , these are great bottles , these bottles still fit in my sterilizer and the bottle brush still works . I do n't know what they did differently but these bottles just work . I started using them when my daughter was a month old and she had no gas problems or anything from these bottles , now she is 41/2 months and they still work like a charm with the same nipples that were leaking all over the place in the Avent bottles . I would recommend these Gerber Gentle Flow bottles to anyone having problems with Avent bottles , and the Gerber bottles are a ton cheaper . The bottle itself is clear , and the nipple rings are purple , blue , and green . I do n't think there is any option to get specific colors but when it comes to bottles that work to me the color does n't really matter all that much . It is such a shame I spent $ 60.00 for Avent bottles when my daughter was born and only used them for a month . GO WITH THE GERBER GENTLE FLOW BOTTLES ON AMAZON , YOU WONT BE SORRY ! Good luck to all the new parents < 3
 Sent me 3 bottles one of which did n't have a lid in the box . Crappy quality control . Just buy them at the store for more money , at least you 'll get all the parts with it . 5 stars for avent , -5 stars for seller .
 If 5-star reviews are correct , and this is the best bottle system out there , then my husband is going to have to start breastfeeding to supplement for my three-month-old because these bottles are horrible . If you do n't put the nipple on just right , or you tighten the ring too much , or you mix formula in the bottle with the nipple in , or you do any number of tiny little things , you will be left with a formula-covered baby.Even worse , when you call the company , they insist that you troubleshoot with them , but will not refund your money despite continued leakage because `` there is no warranty on the bottles . `` Parents of infants should not have to mix formula with separate equipment , then properly moisten the nipple , then tighten the lid enough but not too much ... WE 'RE TIRED!I highly recommend trying any other bottle system first . If those leak , too , then go with these .
 We used Avent bottles for several weeks , but our baby was spitting up _ all the time _ , seemed like she was choking during feedings , and had gas all the time . We switched to the Playtex VentAire bottles when she was 6 weeks old , and problem solved ! No more crying from gas , she hardly ever spits up anymore , and she has a much easier time at feedings . The flow is slower and it really does cut down on the amount of air she takes in during feedings . So , I highly recommend trying something other than the Avent bottles for small infants . Maybe later , when our baby is a bit older we 'll pull out the Avent bottles again , but for now , we are n't using anything except Playtex VentAire .
 I started using the Avent bottles with my second child . They are great for reducing/eliminating gas , and are very easy to clean . However , they frequently leak , and not just a little , but a lot at times , particularly when removing the bottle from my daughter 's mouth & turning it upright when taking short breaks in between feeding . She typically ends up very wet , and I 've also wound up with formula on my carpet and/or furniture which is a real hassle . Regardless of how much care is taken when assembling the bottles , the leaking still occurs . Bottom line is that there should n't be a `` trick '' to preventing the bottle from leaking - it just should n't leak ! I never had these types of problems with other brands I used with my first child , although I did struggle to find a bottle that eliminated gas . I 'm now looking to switch to another brand .
 These bottles are awful . . I started by baby off on these with 10 in rotation since I was bottle feeding exclusively and wanted to do the `` avent '' thing with the bottles , bottle warmer and microwave steam sterilizer ... The bottles leak from the collars all over the baby and also leak from the nipple as my baby drinksI am seeking a way to return them all , but I do not have the boxes anymore . . I found that the Gerber New Tradition bottles are wonderful and compatible with the Avent bottle warmer and microwave steam sterilizer , so I am happier and my baby is alot cleaner and drier as well !!
 My daughter is 10 days old i started the avents when she was 4 days old after i gave up on breast feeding they started out ok but when more milk ends up on her clothes and mine i thought it was time to change . The avent bottles leak way to much . I went and bought dr browns and they are 100 % better the baby does not get too much milk because of the built in resovoir , I am trashing the avents and buying more dr browns .
 The nipple is so long that my infant was gagging everytime i tried to feed her . It is n't great for infants that are nursing ... My daughter had a fit when i tried to feed her . Not only was she gagging , but she just did n't like the nipple . I used the playtex nurser bottle and she loved it . I have been using those bottles and nipples ever since , and she is doing great when i need to switch from breast to bottle .
 I had registered for the Avent bottles , not doing my homework beforehand . These bottles are horrible ! The nipples are way too big for my daughter -LRB- she is 5 weeks -RRB- and the formula runs all down her face and neck . I thought maybe the nipples on the 4 oz . bottles were the wrong size ? I went out and bought the 1 + month size nipples and tried them . No change . And although the nipples on these bottles are supposed to be `` slow flow '' I found that they really are n't . My daughter was spitting up too much because she was consuming the bottle too fast . I switched to the Evenflo bottles and they work a lot better !
 I wish Avent would give me back all the money I spent on these bottles . The leaking is ridiculous , 5 a.m. is no time to be changing baby p.j 's drenched in formula ! Save yourself the misery and buy any other bottle but these .
 We bought a ton of these bottles before our baby was born . We had heard that they are the best choice for babies who are breastfeeding and do n't use bottles on a regular basis . Maybe they work for some but they did n't work for us at all . So if you are buying make sure you only buy one to try before you invest and a whole set . The other problem I had is that the bottles did leak no matter how I tried to get the lid on . After trying many types of bottles our baby liked the playtex nurser system with the medium flow orthodonic nipples . Hope this helps and Good Luck !
 My baby tried these bottles and you could hear the air he was swallowing . He woke up that night much earlier than usual and had horrible gas . Dr. Brown 's bottles are so much better and not much more $ . Also , the extra nipples you buy with Dr. Brown 's bottles come with 3 , and the Avent come with 2 -LRB- does n't make much sense if you buy a 3 pack Avent bottles -RRB- .
 I purchased these bottle after trying the Playtex Ventaire bottles , which I did not like . While these bottles did reduce my baby 's gassiness and feeding time , they constantly leak.You would n't think it would take a brain surgeon to screw the nipple/cap onto the bottle and not have it leak . But the majority of the time , the formula leaks from the bottle . In the beginning my baby was wearing as much of the formula as he was eating . I now find myself screwing , re-screwing and re-screwing the cap and holding it upside down over the sink as a test to see if the bottle leaks . And then , just when you think it 's safe , . . lookout , the dreaded drip is back . The last thing you want to do when you have a hungry and screaming baby is waste time testing the bottle to see if it 's leaking . And , it 's not just me who has a problem with the bottles , -- I know two other moms who have encountered the same problem . Save yourself the aggrevation and buy another bottle system.This one has a MAJOR design flaw .
 I found these bottles to be very frustrating . If the cap was n't put on just right the bottle would leak horribly . &#60; br / &#62; Even if I did get the cap on without leakage , all my 5 month old had to do was bump the cap causing it to move a fraction of an inch and formula would be dribbling all over him . Then I would have to stop feeding , take off the cap , put on the nipple cover and put back on the bottle in order to get it closed just right again . The only reason I tried them was because I needed a wide mouth bottle with a medium flow nipple . These are definately not worth the money . If I could , I would rate them a negative 10 . I find Playtex Disposable bottles to be the best ... if only they had a medium flow nipple .
 I bought these bottles because it was the `` THING TO DO '' , but I am not satisfied at all . I thought I was crazy , until I started asking around . The Avent bottles definitely have a tendency to leak . Sometimes they do n't , but most of the time they do ! I ca n't seem to figure it out . The leaking is incredibly frustrating . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 These bottles are terrible ~ once you get comfy with baby and start feeding ~ they leak all over , then you & baby are soaked -LRB- and smelly ~ especially when on whole milk -RRB- and no longer relaxed . Terrible !!!
 Get Dr. Brown 's bottles . They are worth every cent . They 're the best out there !
 The avent bottle is supposed to reduce gas . Well it does considering that the baby does not get any of the formula in his mouth because it is to busy leaking out of the sides of the bottle . So there for , the less milk the baby eats the less gas he will have , right ? No . My son had the same if not more gas while drinking out of avent bottles than any other brand . No mother has time to stand there and spend a minute carefully putting the top on a bottle so that it does n't leak . You would think that the type of money we spend on these bottles the manufacturer would put a little extra effort in designing a top that does n't leak . The avent bottles are the most expensive bottle on the market and they are not worth one penny . I have been very successful using Gerber bottles and playtex . I do not recommend this bottle unless you have a lot of patience and time to deal with it .
 These bottles are pathetic and the company 's failure to acknowledge they have a problem with leaking is an admission they do n't care about their customers . Beware -- at least 50 % of the bottles will require multiple efforts of tightening to avoid leaking . I wish I could perform at a 50 % success rate in my job and be paid a premium to do so . That being said , if your baby eats from these and nothing else , you 'll deal with the frustration . I would recommend these only after exhausting other higher quality and lower cost options out there .
 I bought these bottles thinking they were the best for gas & spit up . I think they work well in these departments however , they LEAK all the time !!! It is so frustrating to have a hungry screaming baby and you have to stop and try screwing the lid on differently and most of the time use another bottle all together !! For the cost , I would expect them to at the least not leak all over your baby when you tip it upside down .
 i bought the whole line of avent products becaue i 've heard a lot of good things about them . the only product that i absolutely love is their pump . but not so for the feeding system . i got no problem with the bottles , but the nipple itself leaks/drips faster than my baby can handle . if he stops to take a breath from drinking , he 'll get frustrated because the milk is still flowing . however , the nipple did not cause nippple confusion in my case , for the week we put up with the leakage , the baby was able to go back and forth from breast to bottle with no problem.switched to soothie bottle and he 's a happy baby .
 After reading Avent 's bottle would minimize nipple confusion , I bought the Avent 's bottles . I also bought Dr. Brown 's bottles after learned about it from the Baby Wisperer , Tracy Hogg 's , video.I did not find the Avent 's bottle helps much in the nipple confusion part . I think Hogg 's suggestion to pick a nipple similar to your own nipple shape to reduce nipple confusion is more sound.Compared with my experience of using Dr. Brown and Avent . I can clearly see more bubbles were produced when using Avent . Therefore , I chose to solely offer Dr. Brown to my son . Also , it is more expensive with Avent since you have to change nipples more often . -LRB- My son just turned 4 month , and I am still using the level one Dr. Brown nipple with no problem . -RRB- Some of my friends also recommended Playtex AirFlow . I just think its shape too difficult to clean and when I test suckle Playtex Airflow and Dr. Brown , I found it is easier to get the milk out of Dr. Brown . So I stayed with Dr. Brown , and I am still very satisfied with it .
 I initially bought these bottles for their popularity and clean look . Also I was happy to know that these would be the best bottles when transitioning my baby from breast to bottle . I regret buying these , for the amount of money spent on these I am sure I could have bought something a million times better . They leak like crazy -LRB- especially the disposables -RRB- . I have to use 2 paper towels over the bib because the bib gets so soaked . I am very disapointed in these bottles .
 I purchased the Avent system before the birth of my daughter . These bottles are horrible ! Not only did they leak EVERYWHERE , but my daughter spent the first month of life eating every 1-2 hours from these bottles . She would suck and suck , only managing to get an ounce of so from the bottle during an HOUR of feeding ! She would tire before her hunger was satisfied . Not only was she exhausted from these results of these bottles , but so was I ! I orignally bought them because they seemed as though they were a good quality -LRB- hard plastic , etc -RRB- . WRONG - Never judge a bottle by the appearance . Since this purchase , I 've trashed ALL of the AVENT bottles and gone with cheaper -LRB- but more efficient -RRB- brands , Evenflo and Gerber .
 These bottles came highly recommended because my son has reflux . I love the way the nipple is so similiar to the breast and the shape of the bottle is easy to handle . It has helped with my son 's reflux however , I am very FRUSTRATED with them leaking . I have gone to the Avent web site and have followed all of their helpful tips on how to stop the bottles from leaking but they continue to do so . The most frustrating is when it happens at 3:00 am or when we are out in public and the bottle leaks all over both us . The web site gives a step by step process on how to stop them from leaking , they continue to leak and I just feel that feeding your child should not be this difficult . I have written Avent and am waiting to hear back from them . Right now I am looking into other bottles . If it were n't for the leaking I would have given them a 5 star rating .
 This Avent bottle was totally wrong for my newborn . He dribbled formula all over himself and could never properly drink without sucking in a lot of air . As soon as I switched him to the plain old fashioned rubber nipple , those problems went away . I 'm sure Avent works fine for other babies , so I ca n't say in general these are bad bottles -- they just were n't right for our baby . Definitely buy just one Avent brand and test it out to see if it works for you .
 Wanted to use the Avent line , but baby just would n't take this nipple . Went with Playtex ventaire natural instead . Looks like a science lab ... but baby switches easily from breast to bottle .
 We bought the Avent bottles when my daughter turned two months because we could not find a two-hole nipple for her Evenflo bottles , and because it seemed that everyone used these bottles -LRB- so I thought they would be great -RRB- . Well , we did n't have a problem with leaking yet , as we had only been using them for 6 weeks , but the problem is is that they let in so much air , that she had lots of gas bubbles in her tummy that made her very uncomfortable -LRB- and we would burp her after every ounce -RRB- . You can hear the air squeaking into the bottle from the beginning of the feeding to the end . Another problem is the mess they make when she 's eating . We tried the one and two hole nipples , and she would have formula all over her chin the entire bottle . We 're on the hunt AGAIN for a good bottle . Maybe the VentAire I bought yesterday will be better ? Or maybe Dr. Brown 's ??
 I purchased these bottles based on the advertisement that they are supposed to reduce air making them ideal for babies with colic or severe gas . My daughter has colic and did horrible with the Avent bottles . In fact these bottles created such a vacuum that my daughter was n't able to eat without difficulty and caused escessive gas . They did leak occasionally , but that was n't such a concern for me . I 've contacted Avent and demanded a refund . I would not recommend these bottles , especially if your baby has colic . I found the Dr. Brown 's bottles work better or Playtex Ventaire if your baby has colic or is gassy .
 I bought these bottles twice and both times they leaked . They did n't leak all the time but fairly often . The flow was fine but the leaking was really annoying . would n ot recommend .
 I swore I would never take the time to write a review , however , these bottles have major leakage problems . And not just a tiny leak ... every bottle pours out - randomly no less ! Every time I mix bottles , I make sure there are no leaks , however , midway through a feeding the formula will pour out of the side of the cap . It 's drenched my baby , me , and our furniture . I wish I had read the reviews as I notice this is a problem with the Avent bottles . I do n't foresee myself purchasing a new brand of bottles as they can be a bit expensive . You live , you learn !
 These bottles came highly recommended and I was disappointed . They leak after a few months . I tried buying new nipples thinking it might correct the problem but they still leaked . I ca n't tell you how many times they leaked all over my baby while she was screaming for a bottle , only adding to the regular mommy frustrations . I rec 'd a few Playtex bottles as gifts and preferred them because they are safe and wo n't leak . I am currently looking for new bottles for my next baby and want to let new moms know that these are not the best or even and as good . I 've talked with others who have the same problem from my moms group .
 I am extremely tired of having to clean up messes after feeding our twin sons with the Avent bottles . Especially if we are out for a big event and the boys are dressed nicely . The bottles worked great for the first six months and then ... THEY ALL LEAKED . It was not a small leak rather , a pouring leak that soaked their shirts . I hate these bottles and plan to switch !!!
 I had these bottles on my baby registry and received many of them . After using them for six weeks I went out and bought $ 100 worth of new Gerber bottles . The Avent bottles leaked no matter what my husband and I did . I would have to change our baby after almost every feeding because his chest was wet from the bottles leaking . This was especially a problem at 2 and 4am feedings ! I would not buy these bottles again or suggest them to anyone .
 I thought I would love these bottles after reading all the reviews . They were great at first , then all of the sudden they starting leaking all over my son and myself during feedings !!! I then started using the playtex ventaire bottles and they have been great !! Do n't invest a lot in these bottles . They are great for storage though and the nipples seem compatible with my son . Too bad they leak everywhere !
 Everyone told me that these were `` the '' bottles . So , we bought newborn as well as the 9 and 11 oz sets . Here were the problems with these bottles/nipples :1 . Nipples are too long and too tough ... the baby would almost gag on the nipple when feeding and would fall asleep quickly because she was having to work too hard .2 . The bottles had a vacuum effect - every few minutes I would have to unscrew the cap and screw it back on to stop the vacuum effect , which would stop the milk flow from the nipple . Every time I had to re-screw on the cap , milk would start leaking . I followed the directions exactly and did not over tighten the cap , but still the problem persisted .3 . The nipple flow was too slow or too fast . My newborn could n't get anything from the newborn nipples and would fall asleep from exhaustion . We then went with the next size up -LRB- faster -RRB- and that worked . Once she outgrew that speed , and needed the level 2 and 3 , they were too fast . There was no inbetween .4 . The nipple flow rates work differently on each sized bottle . I do n't know what causes this , but she was able to eat with the 2 flow nipple on the 4 ounce bottles , but when she needed more food , and we tried the 2 flow nipple on the 9 ounce bottle , the 2 nipple flowed too slowly.Overall , my experience with these bottles was exasperating . I felt like I was a `` sucker '' for falling for the latest fad . I then went to the store and bought one of every bottle out there . She went for the Playtex Nurser with the latex nipple -LRB- they are softer and more flexible -RRB- and has loved it ever since . Have n't had any problems what-so-ever and finally feeding is a happy experience.One thing I can say is that the Avent bottles with the wide neck are perfect for mixing formula in . We actually mix the formula in the Avents with a hand mixer and then pour the formula into the Playtex . Also , we can use the Avent bottles with the sippy cup conversion pieces , so the money we spent on the bottles is n't a total loss . We now have more sippy cups than we could ever possibly want or use !
 I have a 6 week old with colic and reflux , During a doctors visit i was feeding my son and my doctor came in , He made a comment on how much air my son was sucking down from the avent bottles . You could acually see the air bubbles and hear them going down . I was advised to switch to the doc brown bottles and this made a huge diffrence ! I dont advise these bottles at all . Not to mention that one week after use 2 has already started to leak .
 I started my newborn out using the Avent bottles . After a few weeks , she began crying alot . You could hear the gas moving in her tummy , and every time her tummy would grumble , she would pull her legs up and shriek in pain . She would also pass gas constantly . It was so difficult to feed her because she would cough , spit and cry the whole time . Then she would be miserable with gas pains for hours afterwards . I tried switching formulas - did n't work . Tried mylicon , Zantac , gripe water , bicycling her legs , etc. etc. etc. . . nothing worked . The pediatrician diagnosed her with colic and said there was nothing we could do , that she would outgrow it . Finally , we decided to switch bottles -LRB- I switched to Playtex nursers . -RRB- Instantly we noticed a difference ! She was extremely quiet during feedings , did n't squirm or cry ! She began ingesting almost TWICE as much formula per feeding -LRB- probably because her tummy was too full of gas to take in any more with the Avent bottles ! -RRB- and would go longer between feeds . And when she swallowed , it sounded different - you could tell that she was no longer swallowing air ! Something about those Avent bottles made her swallow tons of air . I think it was the suction that was created inside the bottle as she ate . With the Playtex nursers , the liner inside the bottle contracts as she eats , eliminating any air bubbles . She is a completely different baby now . She is more alert and interacts with us much more because she spends less of her awake time crying.So if you decide to buy these bottles - BEWARE . If you are already using them and your baby has colic , switch immediately ! Do n't just assume that colic is `` normal '' or will be `` outgrown . '' Babies do n't deserve to suffer this way !!!!
 Do n't waste your money . This review is mostly geared to those of you considering buying this kit for mounting a gate on a hollow wall WITH A BASEBOARD . I ca n't comment on the supplies or instructions for the other segments of the kit . If you have hollow walls and your stair area does n't have a baseboard then I do n't think you would need this kit at all - just a pair of butterfly togglebolts to securely fasten the brackets of the gate.I purchased this kit thinking I needed it for installing the G20 Kidco Safeway gate in my hollow-walled-baseboarded stairwell . First of all , it 's this teeny tiny box about 1 `` x2 '' and about 24 '' long and it arrived in a ginormous box that was almost bigger than the box that the gate itself arrived in . Secondly , it contains more than what you need to mount the gate on a hollow wall - so you 're paying $ 10 for an assortment of hardware that you will realy only need 1/3 of since the kit works for mounting on hollow wall , wrought iron , as well as wooden banisters.The worst thing about this kit was that the instructions were beyond terrible - it would have been pretty intuitive to screw these pieces of wood onto the wall to create a flat vertical surface upon which to fit your gate , but I made the mistake of trying to follow the instructions which were beyond confusing , not to mention outright incorrect in one instance.And after all was said and done , the bolt that I was supposed to use for the toggle did n't even fit ! It was a 3/8 '' toggle and the bolt was blatantly 1/4 '' . I had to dig through my tool box to find a leftover toggle bolt set and ended up using that instead . And the screws were pretty cheap too - these ones and the ones from the gate hardware - they stripped very easily.TOTAL waste of money - you are better off getting exactly what you need at the hardware store and it will save you money and hassle and frustration.Here is the content list from the kit -LRB- for the purposes of hollow wall mounting -RRB- :1 33 '' long pine board -LRB- 0.5 '' thick by 2 '' wide -RRB- 1 2.5 '' wood spacer -LRB- also 0.5 '' thick by 2 '' wide -RRB- 13/16 '' butterfly toggle1 3.5 '' machine screw aka `` bolt `` 2 2.5 '' wood screwsBasically what you want to do is screw the long strip of wood vertically from the baseboard -LRB- at the bottom end of the strip -RRB- onto the wall -LRB- at the top end -RRB- so as to create a single vertical surface on which you will be mounting your gate 's brackets . The spacer goes between the strip and the wall at the top end , just like how the baseboard is between the strip and the wall at the bottom end . Did that make sense?The way I did it was to first drill all the necessary holes - the top of the strip will be bolted to the wall with the spacer in between , so the strip , spacer and wall will all need to be drilled through . Additionally , the wall needs an extra large hole for the toggle to fit through -LRB- 1/2 '' hole for a 3/16 '' toggle -RRB- . At the bottom where the strip simply is being screwed into the baseboard , there was no need for pre-drilling since the wood was not particularly hard and my drill is pretty powerful - here I just used the 2.5 '' wood screw provided.Then , assemble the toggle bolt assembly in this order
 This product secures a 1x2 piece of wood to your bannister with two large zip ties . The theory is that it creates a plumb surfaced onto which to mount the gate . It did not seem particularly stable , and , ironically the zip ties scratched up our bannister -LRB- the whole point of this purchase was to protect our bannister from the ill effects of having kids -RRB- . Anyway , a much safer and secure bannister installation kit isKidco Gate Installation Kitwhich clamps on the bannister .
 You would think for the price that you would get some decent screws , but I 've now broken two different sets of screws . I did as instructed and drilled pilot holes , but for some reason the screw gets so tight in the wood that it just eventually either strips or breaks off . Yep -- that leaves you with a broken screw that you can not remove . So I went and bought a second one -- same thing.I 'm going to the hardware store to get some better screws and try again . What a waste of time and money .
 I purchased 2 of these kits . We attempted to use the ties first and they broke when attempting to tighten during installation . Since the ties broke we decided to use the screws and screw the wood into the banister and railing . The wood screws supplied in the kit broke . We wound up using wood screws we already had to complete the installation . The materials supplied are of such poor quality , I will be returning one kit . I would return the other kit but the screw broke and we ca n't get it out of the banister . I guess we 'll leave that up to whoever buys our house whenever we move next . Done waste your money . Go buy a piece of would and make a small block to use as a spacer if needed .
 save yourself time and money , and get what you need from the hardware store . i did n't bother with this kit , and am happy with my own mounting job around my iron bannister . total cost
 My favorite diaper system was discontinued , so I used just a trash can for a while and finally I could n't stand the baby 's room smelling so bad that I broke down and bought the diaper genie II -LRB- after reading all the reviews -RRB- . I was so excited . I set it up in two seconds and we were ready to go . After 4 diapers and only one day of use , every time I opened the lid to push another diaper into the pail , a horrid smell came out of the pail . I emptied the pail the next day and even when it was empty and I put my first diaper in it , there was the smell again . I even put baking soda into the bag , and nothing helps . I nearly gag every time I open the pail . I would return it but I stupidly threw the box out already . What a waste of money ! I 'm sure it would work fine for newborns who drink breastmilk , since their diapers do n't really smell much anyway , but my DD is a toddler . I am totally disappointed . This product is a rip off .
 I loved this at first . But after two months of daily use the thing broke . I cant get it back together . I think I will just go back to walking the diapers to the regular trash outside .
 We bought this before our son was born , and threw it away before he was three days old . I refused to give it to someone else , and subject them to such a terribly designed diaper pail . At first I was convinced that we were using it incorrectly . I could n't conceive that someone intended me to stick my hand into a filthy bag to throw away a diaper . The trap door has a lot of resistance , so you really have to push against the diaper to get it in there . It 's impossible to keep the area above the trap door clean , and the hole is pretty small , so even if you 've managed to keep yourself relatively clean through the diaper change , when you go to throw the diaper away you 'll have crap all the way from your hand to your elbow .
 Thank goodness someone bought this off my registry , otherwise I would be pissed off for spending the money , but I am still angry that I didnt register for a better product . I also do n't understand what other people are raving about with this product . I am a new mom to a one month old and I have had it with this piece of diaper crap product . My main complaint is that every time you push a diaper through it pushes more of the bag through to the dirty diaper section , so when you go to empty out the 15-20 diapers that fit in there you have 3 time the amount of bag than you need . If you are economical then you will want to use these pricy bags and therefore have to re-push the now filthy stinky bag back through the spring loaded trap . I will be looking for a better diaper pail now .
 You have to give it to Playtex , they have this down to a science . They actually get you to pay $ 30 for this , then you have to pay $ 6 - $ 7 for each refill which lasts 2 weeks . The cheap plastic foot will break as well.Tip , if someone gets this for you when you have a baby -- punch them in the face . If they did n't give you a gift receipt then just throw it away , you are ahead .
 This system is horrible , we received it as a gift and without a gift receipt otherwise I would have return this product . How they expect you to push through the spring loaded gate with a filled spoiled diaper is beyond me . This product should be discontinued and the design engineer fired.Skip this and get the Elite . It makes so much more sense with hands free step on to open the gate -LRB- just like most of the kitchen trash can . -RRB- It receives one star because it does trap the diapers well and there is no smell coming from it . -LRB- I disagree with other reviewers giving low stars cause you pay a premium for their proprietary trash bags , you know this buying into the product , it should be no surprise . In addition , this is how most company milk you for money , its an old business tactics modeled after the razor blade cartridges -RRB-
 We first bought the elite and we love it . Thinking a second on another floor in the house would be a good idea , we grabbed this product . The differences , for 10 $ , are pronounced.The first two differences are quite cosmetic
 The wife and I were hoping this model would be a big improvement over the cumbersome Genie I , but it 's a step backward in several ways . First , it 's much smaller and fills up very , very fast . Second , the refill cartridges are half the size of the original require the purchase of twice as many at the same price ! Lastly , the new system they use for `` locking in '' the odor can cause your hand to get covered with baby excrement should the diaper be very full or open up when inserting into the unit . All in all , it 's not very adequate . So far the only decent diaper disposal system we 've found was the older `` Safety 1st '' model which is now discontinued . Fortunately we kept the one from our first baby and the refill cartridges are still available from pet supply places as they 're the same ones used for a certain cat litter box disposal system . Seems to me there 's a niche market for someone to come up with a truly good diaper disposals system . It appears at this time , nobody makes a good one . The new Safety 1st units are just pails that use regular bags , no real way to lock the odor in .
 I bought this without reading any review , since I had heard that we should have a diaper genie . the refills are pretty expensive and it fills up very fast . you need to push the diaper beyond the gate and your hands are all messy.Will not recommed this product to others .
 This product is ok for wet diapers and keeps smell in ok for them but would never work for larger poopy diapers . You have to push the diaper thru a tight hole and would be unsanitary . I put the poopy diapers in a separte bag and walk take out to trash . Design flaws are
 Whatever room you put this in is going to smell like a Mexican toilet . The trap-door spring mechanism is just not the right design to contain the smell of the old diapers , so all the rank air just wafts right out the top . Also , it 's terrible if you have a pooped-up diaper ; you have to jam it though the trap door and the bag does n't slide freely like in the original diaper genie , so poop gets smeared all over the sides of the bag and it does n't go below into the container . Also , the trap door is trying to close on your hand throughout all this . I really have NO IDEA why they discontinued the original Diaper Genie in favor of this piece of junk . Good job , guys , basically everything about your new design sucks .
 The diaper genie is just a way for some company to make money . Do n't buy into it ! I am a mother of three young children and the diaper genie just caused more harm than good . You have to buy THEIR refill bags , money money , when you can just throw your diapers in the trash bin . We just have a garbage can with a lid . Voila . It will save you lots of money . We also took the bags out often and still developed bugs in the diaper genie . Yuck ! No thanks . I do n't need diaper sausages .
 I used diaper Genie with my first child . With my second I am using a Simplehuman stainless steel trash can I got at Bed , Bath and Beyond for $ 25 . You can also find them at Target . You can use you grocery bags in it . The lid closes tight enough , and I find it easier to use .
 I 'm really surprised by all of the rave reviews of this product as I do n't feel it lives up to the hype . I supposed if you are scoring it on improvements alone you can give it more stars , but in some ways it falls short of the original . I 'll give you a pro and con list so you can make an informed decision.Pro : It holds more than the original -LRB- I think -RRB- . Con : Odor control
 I wish I had gotten another Diaper Champ but I did n't ... I liked the idea that the dirty diapers would be bagged . I thought this sounded like a great product . I read some positive reviews . Here 's how it works though . You change the baby 's diaper . It 's a messy , wet # 2 . You roll it up as best you can . Then you reach over to your genie . With one hand you open the lid . The other hand then has to push the dirty leaky poopy diaper into the genie . You actually have to push this nasty diaper down pretty far . The problem is that to get it past the stink gate , you have to apply force ... causing contents to spill out onto your hand . It 's disgusting . It 's like they did n't actually test it on babies . My diaper champ is so much better . You drop it in the hole and flip the top for it to go down . Enough said . Diaper Genie II sucks . I regret the purchase .
 We have both a Diaper Champ and a Diaper Genie II.The Diaper Champ is by far the superior product . For starters - our Diaper Genie breaks about once a week - the spring inside that holds the clamps together pops off if I stick my hand in too far . Second it uses Playtex propritary refills - the Diaper Champ uses plain ol' trash bags -LRB- $ 1 for a box of 50 at the Dollar Store -RRB- . I have found no perceptible difference in either product from the standpoint of odor control - they both do a fine job .
 I hate this diaper pail . I had the neat safety 1st pail and the product was discontinued , there was never any odor from it at all when inserting a dirty diaper . I bought the Diaper Genie 2 after reading the reviews and am so disappointed every time you put a dirty diaper in terrible dirty diaper odors escape even if there are only a few diapers in the pail.Also you have to change the pail every other day . You would be better off just throwing the diapers in the trash .
 I would recommend the Diaper Genie Elite . This one does not mask the odors at all and you have to manually push the diaper through a trap door so you have the potential of squeezing poop out everywhere . The diaper genie elite has a trap door that automatically opens when you lift the lid .
 I received this as a gift at my baby shower and I was really unimpressed . First off , it does n't hold in the smell . Second off , the refills are somewhat expensive long term . I ended up using it only for wet diapers and not solid ones . What has worked best for me was just taking grocery bags and tying up the soiled diapers in those . I have also had friends who used this model and they got maggots and worms in the bottom of the bucket . I think there are other solutions .
 The Diaper Genie II does what it says and keeps odors at bay . Unfortunately when you factor in the $ 6 refills it 's not worth the total yearly cost of $ 200 + . Save your money and get the Diaper Champ or another diaper system that allows you to use regular garbage or grocery bags .
 I used the diaper genie 10 years ago when my kids were babies and I loved it . I bought it again this year when we had another baby . The first one we had broke within weeks . The company sent us another one , but it took about 6-8 weeks for us to receive it . Now the second one has broken again . The pedal gets stuck , which prevents the diaper genie from opening . It 's completely useless ...
 Avoid this product . It is so poorly designed I can not believe it is in production . When the spring trapdoor assembly breaks , and it will , there is no way to put it back together .
 I bought this to replace the original Diaper Genie because it was rated so highly for odor containment ... BAH HUMBUG ! It smells every time you add a new diaper . Just ONE poopy diaper ruins the room . I could 've sworn it said you did n't have to push down with the diaper , but you have to push it down through a trap door . Once that trap opens , out come the smells ! I 'm using our old one and donating this one !
 # 1 . I found it quite disturbing that I had to push a dirty diaper with my hand through into the pail . Try doing this while your other hand is on your baby who is squirming . If it is a runny poo-poo diaper you will get it on your hand as you try to squeeze it into the pail . All I have to say is ... yucko ! # 2 . You have to buy special bags . I recommend buying one where you can just use plain kitchen trash bags . Save your money ! # 3 . Odor control ... I think not . You have bend down over the pail while you are pushing a yucko diaper in with your hand , so you get a whiff of brewing diapers every time . On a positive note it did seem to be ok smelling while it was just sitting there . But this may be because I changed it often and diapers were n't really sitting around in it for longer than a day . # 4 . I knocked the thing over more than not when trying to put in a diaper . It is not very sturdy because the base is quite skinny . Especially if you have it sitting on carpet and it is empty . I found putting a diaper in this thing was really a two handed job . Not exactly easy to do when your baby is laying up on a table and is feeling squirmy . # 5 . Does n't hold a lot of diapers . I found myself emptying it quite often . This waists bags because each time you empty it , you have to pull the bag down a bit to cut it off . Then tie a knot in to make the bottom of the next bag.I 'm currently using the hands free diaper pail by graco which , although has some issues of it 's own , is actually a much nicer pail .
 I absolutely HATE this Diaper Genie ! I do n't know why everyone says this one has no smell , I have both models -LRB- this and the Twistaway -RRB- and I MUCH prefer the original Twistaway ! This one literally STINKS ! It 's awful ! It smells SO much worse ! If I have just one poopy diaper in there , you can not only smell it when you open the lid to put in a new dirty diaper , but you can still smell it after the lid is closed again ! And I do n't know how many times I have scraped my fingers on the inside trying to push the dirty diapers into the diaper genie ! With the Twistaway Diaper Genie , each diaper is `` twisted '' individually into the bag , sealing in the smell . Also with the original Twistaway , the refills are lightly scented , with this model you get nothing . Nothing but lingering poopy stink ! I 'm ordering another Twistaway and giving this model to Goodwill .
 We own two diaper genies , one original , one `` no. 2 . '' I agree that many things are improved over the last model ... such as the cutting system for example.However , while it does n't smell when it is just sitting around , whenever you push a new diaper through you get a HORRIBLE HORRIBLE smell from the previous diaper during the split second that the spring is open to push the diaper through . Then you get to enjoy that HORRIBLE HORRIBLE smell for even longer as it makes its potent way around the room . The old twistaway NEVER had any odor . I 'm embarrassed to have anyone -LRB- parents , babysitters -RRB- use this one . It is horrendous.Also , the old version had a child-proofed lid . NO , I did not need two hands to open the old version . On the new one my 20 month old toddler can just open the top right up and put things inside.I also miss the handle that used to be on the back for carrying it around .
 First off we have twins . We had one of the older styles , which it appears Playtex has stopped supporting for refills , so we changed to this Diaper Genie Essentials Pail . What a terrible design ! Trying to stuff the soiled diaper into this thing you can and at times do get pee and poop on your hands . Why ? Because the flawed design forces you to push the soiled diaper between two flexible gates and down into the actual catcher , which means the pressure from the flexible gates compresses the soiled diaper and squeezes the contents out . This system does not , like the previous version , hold or reduce the smell either . My suggestion ? If you can find a better solution get it ! This solution is NOT worth the stench nor the crap on your hands .
 So , I have spent hours buying new products for my precious Angel Carlee who will be here in July . Her nursery is done and I was working on essential products . Someone recommended a diaper genie . . So I purchased one . The concept is understandable . Putting it together and getting it to actually work is another story . I think I will stick with the regular trash can , and just use the scented bags for the bad diapers.Please do n't waste your money , from one mother to another . . its time consuming , expensive and a waste !!
 I accidentally broke my Diaper Genie Delux so I picked this one up not knowing the difference between the two . I HATE it . While the Delux has its own set of problems , I actually could n't live without it . But this version is just terrible . First of all , it 's smaller than it looks so I can only fix a few size 6 diapers in before I have to change it . But the worst part is that without the foot pedal , you have to SQUISH the diapers down into the Diaper Genie , and my hands always get dirty . I do n't see the point in even offering this model for sale . I hate it !
 I have used at least 5 diaper genie systems from all editions . One thing that I find surprising is constant complaints that bags are expensive and passionate defenders of this product who justify 200 $ or more per year spending with claims this REALLY DOES NOT SMELL . Well , it does not - to you . After using this for 2 weeks you will get used to the smell , well , most of people will , and it wo n't smell . After using genie in 5 different homes , in the one I was on a daily basis , as full time nanny , this did not smell . In homes where I was only as occasional nanny or weekend help , this thing stunk badly for few weeks and after I got used to it , it stopped smelling ... I worked as preschool teacher for 2 years olds class and our big trash can did not smell bad to me , but after quitting that job and returning later to visit , I almost throw up after visiting bathroom were that can was . And we bagged all the diapers.And now about those complaints about the price . Yes , this is expensive . Like I said , you will spend about 200 $ if you have 2 kids in diapers . Refills will last you 3 weeks tops . Claim that 270 can fit in one refill is only applicable if you use premie size of diapers but it can not be any cheaper in my opinion . Look at average prices of brand name trash bags . Yes , brand name because genie bags are also brand name . They are about 4-5 $ for 25 bags that can fit 33 galons garbage cans . Cans that most families use with more then one kid . So trash bags are not cheap . I know people are complaining about the refill cost , but many compare cost of this refill with Target brand trash bags . And you can not compare those two . This is not a budget product.So in the end , you can buy this , you can use it with you own generic trash bags , there are instructions online for that . That is the only way I see it working , and yes smell wo n't go away , for that you have to take the diaper outside .
 I received this as a shower gift and at first really liked it . This works great for infant diapers but as far as toddler diapers go just throw the diapers in the trash . This works good for my daughters wet ones but if they are dirty I do n't even put them in here anymore because they stink . When you open the lid to put a new diaper in , if you have already disposed of a dirty diaper you get the whiff of it . And you have to open up the container from the bottom to cut the bag for when you are going to dispose of the diapers and when you cut the bag the aroma of the diapers fills the air and the smell lingers for awhile : / I think for my next child I 'll have to search for a different diaper pail .
 This diaper genie does a wonderful job of concealing the odor until you have to put another diaper inside . You literally have to stick your hand into the pail and then your hand comes out smelling like the dirty diapers that are stewing inside . Not a great plan
 I purchased this product because I did not think there was anything better out there and while I knew it would not elminiate odor it would do a better job of containing it than an ordinary trash can . I have found a product that does ELIMINATE the odor of very foul diapers-the Diaper Duck by Munchkin.Diaper Duck Dispenser . This will over time cost a lot less than the diaper genie . The diaper genie itself is around 30.00 and refills are 6.99 and are used for both soiled and wet diapers and so you go through them faster plus the smell is not contained . Whereas with the diaper duckie the inital cost is 5.99 and 36 refil bags are just 4.99 Diaper Duck Scented Bag Refills - 36pkis 4.95 and you only need to use them for soiled diapers and all can go in an ordinary cheap trash can and there is NO ODOR . If I had known this prior to my initial use of the diaper genie I would have not continued to use it . Why have i continued to use it ??? because my husband makes me use what I buy so that he feels like we did not waste money . I will not use it with the next child . I hope this helps .
 We used it for less than a month when our baby was just born . It held about 10 infant diapers , I cant imagine how many toddler diapers it would hold , 1 ? It was disgusting to have to push a dirty poopy diaper into that contraption . And in the end it still smelled . I actually returned mine it was so horrible . I would usually not return something my daughter 's poop had touched , but this was such a horrible product I could n't imagine supporting the company who made it.In the end we switched to cloth . They are amazingly easy to use and clean , way cheeper than disposables and they do n't sit in a landfill for 500 YEARS ! Thats how long disposables take to degrade . That is disgusting , great legacy for your baby to leave behind ... I honestly feel guilty for even using disposables for a few weeks . SWITCH TO CLOTH !!
 It took me quite some time to assemble it . The hinges were crooked , and the lid wo n't click in place.I read that it holds around 200someting diapers ... my eyeballs popped out
 We registered for this product a year ago when I was pregnant with my son . I was excited when we received it , as it was deemed the latest and greatest thing on the market at the time . Well , it may have been the latest , but it has proved to be less than great . It was `` somewhat '' adequate in odor control before our son started solid foods -LRB- as long as we changed the bag every 2 days or so -RRB- but now , it fails in all respects as far as containing odor . Absolutely every time you put in a new diaper -LRB- and sometimes just opening up the lid -RRB- the smell hits you right in the face . My husband and I fight over having to change his diaper , but not because of the current change required -- rather , we just dread having to go in there and opening up the diaper genie to make a new deposit ! Do n't waste your money !!!
 Since I am not willing to cram my fingers into a poop filled diaper , I am no willing to use this product as planned . The only way I can get the diaper in like they intend is to take a plastic clothes hanger and stuff the diaper in . Doesnt sound too bad ? You have to keep a plastic hanger with poop on it somewhere.A friend of ours has a Diaper Champ and I will be purchasing one as soon as possible .
 Within a few weeks of use , my `` genie '' broke ... the spring trap that you push the diapers through fell in and nowhere in the `` instructions '' does it show you how to put it back together -LRB- not even on the website ! -RRB- . the refills run out quick and are expensive ... a complete gimmick ! Now i have to buy another pail ! Would not recommend .11 / 13 : it goes out in the trash today ... Bought a $ 15 diaper pail and it holds MUCH more -LRB- and you can see get full ... with the `` genie '' i frequently had to adjust the diaperpiller because the sticker part of a diaper got caught and created a pocket of bag . meaning i had to pull out the bag and manually push down each diaper to regain the precious space . -RRB- , is a one touch drop -LRB- as opposes to having to open a lid push the diapers through ... who wants to do that a poopie explosive diaper when your `` genie '' seems to be full ? -RRB- , and has a deodorant pocket you could put anything in . and if something goes wrong with this one , it was $ 15 not $ 30 plus $ 5 plus $ 5 plus $ 5 ...
 I honestly do not understand the positive reviews this product is getting . I 've never used the DG1 , but I 've only used the DG2 for less than a week and will be going to purchase some other diaper disposal system today . I guess the system keeps down the smell OK , but I 'm not sure that it 's totally worth it to have to get excrement on your hands every time you change a diaper . As mentioned by previous posters , there is a spring mounted mechanism that makes you forcibly push the dirty diaper down into the contraption . If the diaper is full , squishing it up against the odor locking door forces the diaper 's contents to come out . I just do n't get how this is a good system . I honestly do n't think buying the refills are all that burdensome since they are n't too much more expensive than garbage bags , my main beef is the ease-of-use and sanitary aspects of the product . Would not recommend !
 This product does keep the stink away , and it 's easy to use . But it has what I consider a fatal design flaw . When the bags run out , the last length just slips right out of the holder , and you end up with no bag left in the top part of the genie . If you 're not watching , you can easily stick a diaper into the genie without a bag . I go through a lot of bags with my twins , so this has happened on more than one occasion . Really irritating .
 I am very disappointed with this new and `` improved '' diaper genie . Every time I open it up to put a new diaper in , the wonderful smells from previous diapers come shooting out . In my opinion , the old diaper genie was much better . At least it kept the smells in . I would recommend buying a different system that twists the individual diapers , therefore keeping the odors in .
 The Diaper Genie II and it 's brother the Diaper Genie II Elite are barely related . We bought a Diaper Genie II to supplement our Diaper GEnie II Elite . It appeared as if the only difference was size - slightly smaller - and the lack of a foot pedal . What we did n't realize was that the foot pedal was how the ingenious airlock system works on the Elite . On the regular Diaper Genie II , you have to push the diaper through the hole . first , it takes quite a bit of pressure . Secondly , you have to push it WITH the diaper - and you can imagine that you might get your hands dirty doing that . So , we were disappointed as soon as we set it up and saw how it works - but it was too late to return the product . So now we 're stuck with it.Updated ... We have been using it for a month and have gotten used to it . I 'd still recommend the Elite II , but this product is n't bad for a 2nd diaper disposal unit . You do get used to the amount of pressure required to push down a diaper and as new parents , we 've learned how to roll up the diaper into a tiny , compact package . It 's been about a month and I have n't gotten my hands dirty yet .
 I bought this because I had the old Diaper Genie when I had my two other children . The old one worked great ! We never smelled a thing . Although this one is much user friendly , it does n't work as well . After we throw a diaper away , there is usually a nasty smell in the area . We have the Diaper Champ in the baby room and it works much better .
 We had the first generation Genie and it broke after a few years . It was a bit complex but I really liked it and it held up well to the use . We bought the second generation to replace the first , thinking it would be better and we were wrong !!!! . Though It is simpler it is poorly designed . It has a spring hinged flap that keeps the poopy diapers sealed off , the problem is that you have to push the poopy diaper down into the bag past the flap , and if there is any stray poop on the diaper it smears on the top side of the flap . This presents two problems , one there is poopy smell and two , if you are trying to push the diaper down into the receptical , your hand has to brush past the same place on the flap ... not good . If you want a genei buy the first generation ... not this one
 I bought this for my mom when she is staying with me . She uses depends type disposible incontinence underwear . I ended up taking the spring trap off as it kept falling apart . With adult diapers there is more material to put in the pail so I agree with others that the spring load was not handy . I have found that the pail holds more since I removed the spring and I just use scissors to cut the bag and take the bag to the trash . One disk of bag material lasted 1.5 weeks . Even though the spring was missing there was n't an odor after the door was closed . I admit I use my cat 's litter box deodorizer to help with the odors . I wish they made one with a larger opening for the adult size diapers .
 Literallly ! I had to buy an air purifier to combat the smell ! Not only do you get a horrifying smell every time you open it to put a diaper in . . but the smell leaks out . It is alot easier to use than the original , but I am thinking of giving this one away , and buying the original . We had one that was a hand-me-down , and it broke , so we thought we would try the new one , thinking it would be better . I wish I had just stuck with what I knew !
 People ... please do n't get ripped off . I went to Walgreens and got a large 50 count of underlayment pads that fit perfectly on our changing table for 3.99 Please do n't fall victim to the cute designs and baby marketing gimmicks . These work ... but you can get the exact same thing at your pharmacy for much much less .
 These are $ 5 more than the box of 36 Sassy Baby Changing pads , also sold on Amazon . The Sassy ones also work better in my opinion . Skip these and save yourself some money .
 I bought these to use as changing pads . They are too small -LRB- even though my daughter is a small 5-month-old -RRB- , so if there is a diaper accident while changing it ca n't really absorb everything , and they tear VERY easily -- my husband tears one almost every time he changes the baby .
 Picture shows pretty pattern this is why I ordered them . However , I only received solid white ones instead in a timely fashion . Did n't complain , maybe should .
 These are very small in size and `` paper-towel-like '' , kinda feel like napkins that are made with recycled paper . We bought a pack and just could n't use it because it is so small . I 'd rather just use paper towel instead if I were to use these . For us we now use the babies R Us brand , they are much bigger and has a plastic feel to it , which is much more durable .
 These pads do NOT absorb pee ! My baby girl likes to pee when her diaper has just been taken off inbetween me taking the dirty diaper away and putting the new one under her . If she pees on this pad , it runs all over the place , including on her and onto the cotton changing pad that I am trying to protect -LRB- defeating the purpose of my buying these pads -RRB- . The Huggies brand has only 8 in a package , but they are MUCH larger and they absorb pee . Do not waste your money on PeeWee pads !
 Unfortunately , these feel flimsy and cheap . Would not recommend buying . They also crinkle underneath my daughter while she squirms on the changing table .
 I order these all the time from another company and love them but the other company ran out of stock so I ordered them here . They came with partial water spots on them . As if the were in a puddle and then they dried . Gross , I had to throw half of them out . I know it was n't the mail because the outer package was n't wet and they were wrapped in plastic . I think this happened at the warehouse and they still shipped them to me .
 This item was exactly what I needed but for some reason I thought I was getting a lot more than I got . My fault , sure , but it does n't really excuse selling $ 3 worth of something for $ 10 , does it ?
 Not nearly the quality I was looking for . . too flimsy and not very pretty in real time . Would not recommend
 I bought this at my grocery store because my skin has been so dry this winter.I figured if its made for babies , it would be safe . Wow , was I wrong ! I do not have sensitive skin and I have never had such a severe reaction to any other skin product . My skin is covered with a bumpy . red and itchy rash after using this for about 4 nights in a row after showering.I have been using Cortisone 10 for the past three days and using benedryl to try and get rid of it . How are they selling this stuff with all the incidences of rashes ? And for babies ! This stuff should be removed from shelves everywhere .
 I only gave this one star because it made me - I would have given it ZERO stars . I have used Johnson 's Baby Oil for many years and had no problems with it at all . I thought I would try the baby oil GEL . After just three uses I have broken out with a rash all over my body , arms and legs are the worse . What is in this gel stuff that is not in the regular baby oil ? Whatever it is , it has made me miserable . I ca n't wait for this rash to go away , it looks terrible . It 's red , swollen , and it 's itchy and burning ! I 'm wearing turtle-neck 's and slacks until this rash goes away . I usually love Johnson and Johnson products but not this gel stuff . I do n't have senitive skin so I 'm wondering why the rash after using this stuff . I 'm switching back to the regualr baby oil.Johnson 's Baby Gel Oil with Aloe & Vitamin E , 6.5 Ounces
 Awful , awful , awful ! I did a search about allergic reaction to this gel and found these reviews !! Used it TWICE and endeded up with an itchy , splotchy red rash . And have I mentioned it 's ITCHY !! I cant believe this product can stay on the market with all of these consistent physical reactions by so many people .
 I 'm really glad that there is a place to comment on products ; thank you , Amazon ! I used this for less than a week and developed a terrible blotchy red contact dermatitis all over my chest and stomach . I stopped using the product but the rash is still developing , now on my arms . I 'm using oatmeal in the bath and lotion , but it is n't looking a whole lot better yet . I 'm shocked at the number of products Johnson & Johnson has had on recall . This was a product that mothers could trust for use on their babies and I used their lavender baby bath with very good results until they change the formula . Shame on them and their dirty facilities . That people are suffering with rashes as they continue to sell this product ! Such a fall for an American icon .
 I thought I was crazy . Why was I getting a red , bumpy , itchy rash after using a product that is supposed to be so good for you ? I 'm glad I 'm not alone . I have tried off and on this winter to use it because it is so moisturizing . It takes OTC allergy medicine and topical hydrocortisone to relieve the itching and get the rash to subside . I hope this does n't happen to babies or children .
 I just want to say `` thank you all for posting reviews about this product ! '' You saved me from paying a Doctor 's visit . I used this product for two weeks and got a rash all over my body , did n't know what causing it till I googled `` Johnson 's baby oil '' ... Never had a rash or a skin allergy in my life , ca n't believe that Johnson made this ...
 Like the others before me , I wish I had read the reviews before buying this product . I did do some research , and it seemed like this would be a great product for my dry skin without having to spend a fortune . I 've been using it for 2 days now , just a little bit right after showering , then patting dry . My skin felt great - soft and smooth , no scaliness , etc. . I was thrilled - UNTIL the rash appeared . Right now , my arms are covered in a red , itchy , bumpy rash , and I am extremely uncomfortable . So far the only thing that has helped the itching has been Benadryl gel , but the bumps and redness remain . And to think I would n't buy the generic because I trusted the Johnson & Johnson name . Shame on them !
 I had really high hopes for this product because I have used J&J skincare products my whole life and have used them on all 4 of my children , with great results . HOWEVER , within 60-90 minutes of applying the baby oil gel to my legs , arms and chest , I broke out in a horrible rash in these areas . 48 hours and two showers later , the rash is still there , still itching like crazy . It is beyond annoying . I have never had any kind of allergic reaction to any skin lotion/oil product so this is an unexpected outcome . I 'm sure lots of people wo n't have any problem with this product . That said , I highly recommend patch testing this on a small area before using it all over your body or using it on small children . Also , the product instructions say that using it on wet skin is more effective than on dry skin . Well , my rash is most definitely worse where my skin was wet ... probably because it soaked into my skin more deeply . Super .
 Bought this for my 2 year old to keep his skin moisturised in these winter months , big mistake . Applied it to his skin after his night time bath and within 24-36 hours a pimply red rash started to appear . now , 3-4 days later the rash has spread and has got much worse . He has had at least 3 baths since i applied it and the rash is still very much there . Wish i had been wise enough to read some reviews on the product beforehand , but having used Johnsons products on my babys skin since birth , i felt absolutely safe to use this . I would not recommend this product , especially not for babies/children .
 Last night I used this product after showering and followed the directions . Waking up this morning , I had an itchy red rashes all over my chest . I never , ever , break out in rashes . I did use the product all over my body and it seems my chest is the only part of my body that developed rashes . I browsed online trying to see what could be the cause of this rash and here I find all these reviews about others experiencing the same thing . I am almost positive this gave me a rash because this is the only product I have used on my skin recently . I put hydrocortisone cream on and it helped a little . I would not use on infants especially !
 This gave me a SERIOUS head to toe red and VERY itchy rash that is now peeling . A friend also bought some for these dry winter months and except for the peeling she also got the horrible red itchy rash.Beware before you buy this . I do not have sensitive skin and I typically do not have allergic reactions to things .
 Liked initially . Used for one week , then rash on legs where I used the product . Firey red , mottled -- itchy ! Never had an adverse reaction to any products before , so not just a case of sensitive skin .
 I have also gotten a horrible itchy red rash wherever I applied this product . I used it one day , then skipped a day and the next day applied it again and about 5 or 6 hours later the rash started to appear . The itchiness is pretty unbearable , but it looks really bad too.I do n't know what 's in this to have caused this ... when my skin is dry I do n't usually have a reaction to using something like this .
 This product deserves a zero for its negative impacts . Like everyone else , I have also gotten a horrible rash from using it . I too used it for about a week after getting out of the shower -LRB- following the directions on the label exactly -RRB- and now I have small itchy red bumps on my hips and on the backs of my legs . I 've been wondering where it came from and now I know . I 'm throwing this stuff out and will avoid using other Johnson and Johnson products .
 Unbelievable ; I truly wish I researched this before buying this , it was amazing for the first day or two , moisturized my skin incredibly - after 3 or more uses -LRB- less than 1 full week -RRB- , I started getting a small , red and bumpy rash on my legs - was n't sure if this was the culprit at first , but it was the only new thing I was using only on my legs - stopped using it for a day and was fine , began re-using it again thereafter and the rash came right back - if it 's mild and safe enough or babies , I can not pinpoint what is in this product that caused such a reaction , esp . even moreso that I 've read countless reviews stating the same exact reaction I 've had - DO NOT USE THIS , it 's not worth the outbreak !!
 I bought the baby oil product with the same ingredients . My husband , 1-month-old , and I all are broken out in an itchy , red rash . Shame on Johnson & Johnson for continuing to sell a product with these side effects , especially when targeted for babies !
 I wish I had seen these reviews about a week ago . :-LRB- I have the rash as well ...
 I purcahsed the Target brand baby oil gel which is comparable to the Johnson & Johnson product . Ths skin on my legs is very dry and I have been looking for something to add moisture to my skin . I tried this and liked it a lot for the first week . It made my legs look so much better and more smooth . I would apply it every night before sleeping to let it soak in . After about a week a red rash appeared on my legs and arms . I have had this small bumpy rash now for about a week and it is n't really going away . I think it could be from this product because the only thing I have done differently from my normal routine is to apply this baby oil gel .
 I have a bad rash right now and I was searching for a cure and my search led me to this page . This is exactly the product I bought recently and used . It 's funny cause I taught this product can actually cure the rash after I noticed it and applied it again before bed . But luckily for me , I found this , so I 'm gon na go throw it away . My sister also got rash after using the oil formula . So be warned !!! I 'm gon na go scratch now .
 Since I stumbled on these reviews when searching for `` Baby Oil Rash '' , you can guess what I am going to say . I had been using this for a few days after showering -LRB- so it was somewhat diluted -RRB- and noticed a rash the next day . I stopped using it immediately . I have a very itchy and red rash on most parts of my body . I have not used the baby oil for 3 days now , but the rash remains . I have tried baby oil a few times in the past and got a rash those times , too . I had hoped that either the formula had changed or I got over the sensitivity . No such luck . Wonder which ingredient -LRB- s -RRB- is causing this .
 I 'm sending this product back today !!! I thought the Recaro booster seat would be light weight and trendy . This seat was so heavy I could hardly get it out of the box .
 I purchased this item after having a tough time getting my daughter comfortable in her bassinet and reading success stories posted on this site . Yet when the item arrived there are huge stickers all over it warning parents to not let their child sleep on the product . I was so worried that I never used it and ended up getting rid of it . On the positive side , it is nice and soft and looked comfy !
 If you have an infant that enjoys mental stimulation , this item is not for you . Since she was brought home my daughter has enjoyed looking about and being held so she can see all around her . She was bored to tears -LRB- literally -RRB- every time we put her in the lounger -LRB- the baby faces the ceiling . . not too exciting -RRB- . I thought it was a cool concept , however , my daughter did not . She did much better in her papasan , or bouncy seat where she could nap if she wanted to , but have the option to look around and play as well . Looking up at the ceiling was not fun for my daughter .
 The order info said , `` Cloud b LullaBag Fleece - Baby Sleep Bag - Large Blue -LRB- 6-18 months -RRB- - Product # B000HGSS4M '' . The item received had the same product # on the packaging , but it was a small pink -LRB- 0-4 months -RRB- ... listed wrong on Amazon perhaps . Good thing my buddy just had a baby girl .
 We rarely used the swing with # 1 son . # 2 son is just over 2 months.Swing motor died . No replacement parts . No longer in production.SOL Paid full price like $ 179 a year and a half ago .
 When this product works it is very useful . The swinging motion quiets our baby right down and often puts him to sleep . However , we have gone through two swings already . Both had problems with the motor . Replacement of the first swing took over a month , which is a long time to be without this type of swing . We are now awaiting shipment of our third swing . Lots of sleepless nights as a result . Customer Service is not helpfull or understanding . The good thing is that I am an expert at puting these swings together now if anyone needs a hand .
 This product was great the month 2 & 3 . 1st month he was n't heavy enough & it would go too fast even on the slowest setting . By month 4 when I could n't on it , it stopped working . Motor complete died out . The company wants me to take out all the screws , sent it to them & then they 'll send me a new one . I would like to know what I 'm suppose to do in the meantime . Therefore I have decided not to send it yet & push it by hand . My son loves it way to much to be without it for 2-3 weeks . I would suggest buying something cheaper & more reliable . This swing is giving Eddie Bauer a bad name .
 The item was priced 82 , where the same four packs cost about 40 at giant , 10 dollars a piece , I was totally cheated .
 We like this soap for our infant and toddler but I am not sold on the fact that it is gentaler on their skin than the regular babysoaps . Cute packageing for gifts though !
 After reading the good reviews for this product I decided to order it for my children . Last night when I first used it , both of them screamed when it got to their eyes !! It is not tearless at all ! Also , the scent is not good , smells of `` old lady '' soap . I hope at least it does n't dry up my little ones ' sensitive skin .
 I thought this seat was wonderful when we bought it , but my after my daughter threw up on it and I had to take the whole thing apart , it 's never been quite right again . The seat belt guides at the shoulder wo n't stay inserted into the back of the carseat-they just keep popping back out . Now she had a pee pee accident and I 'm sure it 'll be even worse after diassembling it again . With little kids stuff happens and you 've got to have a carseat that can be washed and reassembled and still work . I 'm going back to Graco .
 My husband and I thought this bassinet would be perfect for our new baby -- not too frilly and with a classic look . We were very disappointed . The only thing that is machine washable is the pad cover . Everything else must be hand washed ! Also , it does n't rock automatically , a feature that was somewhat implied . So I can rock it myself right ? BARELY ! It has very little motion and when it reaches its furthest point it makes a knocking noise that is sure to wake napping babies . While it is still a good-looking bassinet , it is must less functional than they would have you believe . Pass on this until they can improve on it .
 We bought this for our daughter at Christmas because it is classic in styling and a welcome respite from all the pink out there.Sadly , we have had similar problems with the bassinet collapsing but worse than that , the base of the stroller has failed . The areas where the axles are welded to the stoller have come undone and are beyond repair.My daughter is very gentle with her toys and never has broken any of them . It is quite clear that the problem lies in the construction , not the wear and tear from my two year old.I called the company that makes this stroller , Badger Basket , and they were of no help whatsoever . I would love to buy the stroller again because there 's nothing out there that compares to it , lookswise , but I am VERY hesitant to do so . I doubt it would hold up any better .
 This item is okay . The `` Lay down '' stroller does not stay on the base that well . My daughter gets frustrated but she still loves to use the stroller . You can take that part off and use the base as a sit up stroller , and the Pram part as a bed . I would not buy this one again .
 OK , so this carriage is not bad for the price but after less than 2 years the removable bassinet no longer stays in place to the point my daughter just ca n't use the carriage , and in general it is pretty flimsy . I am currently out on Amazon looking for a new pram to give my daughter for Christmas . That having been said , I like the fact it is navy and my daughter did have fun with it . If you are looking for a stroller that is going to last , however , this is not the one to buy . If you want one to get you through a year or so -LRB- while you determine if your child is truly going to play with a carriage -RRB- then this might be a good option.I will give Badger Baskets a thumbs up however in the customer service department . I recall our first bassinet piece had some flaw when we initially purchased it and they replaced it right away . I did n't have to send anything back . It was a completely painless process .
 I had bought this at Walmart for my son . I put the chair together properly , although i do not believe the holes were appropriate for the screws . My son was able to tip the chair over and he got hurt . It did not take much movement for that to happen . The safety of my child is the most important thing as I am sure it is for all parents so please reconsider if you are aiming to buy this product .
 Of course , you do get what you pay for . However , this chair has NO recline positions , it has only one setting and that is extremely reclined . My son is practically lying back once he is seated . It leads him to slide down and slouch , making it very difficult to feed him , or for him to pick at food on the tray . Also , it is a very flimsy design , making it easy to tip over , if baby were too active.I would not recommend this chair to anyone .
 Not a good high chair . It works for a very basic one , I guess . The screws are always falling out from the legs . My two yr old son bounces when he eats and once he bounced the leg out and the whole thing fell over ! In the summer he gets stuck to the plastic . Very hard to keep clean too . Also when we were putting it together , the plastic started to seperate , should have returned it right then !
 I paid way less than 60 bucks at the childrens store . You have to watch how you take the baby out because my baby 's legs has got caught and scratched serveral times . Wished the part between the leg came off as well with the tray . Other than that does its job fine . Also a little difficult to set up .
 I bought this bouncer before my baby was born , and it looked great on his room , I just got good comments on it . I could start using it until he was 5 months old , because the belt on it is not very safe for smaller babies ... he leaned to the side and it seemed like he was going to fall.One day he was sleeping on it and we heard a loud sound . It was the bouncer , my baby was still asleep , with his feet up and the head almost touching the ground on the back . -LRB- way lower than the feet -RRB- ... Nothing happened to him , but I think it 's very dangerous and Amazon should consider not selling it anymore.The look is awesome , it 's clean and simple , and looks great , but my baby only used it for less than a month before it broke , and I think that the safety of the baby is more important than the looks . .
 The stroller holder is a nice thought since I only had the soft material cup holders which made it difficult to put a drink in . This holder works best if there is a bag on it then the drink in , otherwise the drink causes it to tilt forward ... not very safe .
 We purchased this set twice for our 2 year old son . The framework is metal , but the hinges are plastic . -LRB- whose bright idea was that ? -RRB- Our son managed to break them just by leaning on them and he is n't a big kid . Since the hinge is plastic , the hinge just snapped in two . We 've since bought another brand -LRB- One Step Ahead -RRB- and that one broke -LRB- in the same way -RRB- within a week of delivery . We are still looking for the best rail , short of my husband building a wooden `` cage '' to go around the bed . I do n't recommend purchasing this product unless you like to make frequent trips to BRU to return the rails and having to take apart the bed every time they break
 We are on our second set and the company had to send a new one . My son leaned against it and fell out of bed when he was 2 so we got a new set through the company and it broke with in a month and we have been bolting it together since then , all 4 edges are broke . They break so easy and we can not keep replacing them like they are disposable especially at that price . I have been looking for something better and wo n't let my son fall out of bed when it breaks .
 These bed rails were great for the first 3 months -LRB- we have a 2 year old in a twin bed -RRB- Sure & Secure Double Bedrail . They seemed fairly sturdy and the fold down feature works great . After 3 months the fabric around the frame started to fray . We have now had them for 6 months and the fabric on one frame has completely split apart . Both frames have started to bend and bow out rendering them unsafe . I am purchasing a different rail now after much research . So disappointed in how long these have lasted . Definitely not worth the money .
 Please save your money , this was a real waste . After just 3 months one of the PLASTIC hinges broke . When we contacted Amazon they very nicely sent us a replacement , but sure enough it broke again - this time on 3 hinges . It 's now utterly useless unless we have it totally taped up . Amazon said we could return it , but they could n't guarantee if we 'd be refunded . We had the replacement just 9 months before it was broken again - $ 99 should last longer than that . Save your money and buy another brand from the get go - this one is a real bust and I 'm surprised that Amazon is selling something so useless and such a rip-off .
 In the past year Summer has changed this gate . The old gate did not have an `` A '' behind the item number . We purchased the old gate and LOVED it . It was great and we have very few complaints.The new gate is much different from the old gate . Unfortunatly you cant tell when ordering what gate you are getting.First off - The new and old gates are NOT combinable . You can chain together the same gates , but not new and old.Second-The new gate -LRB- the one with an `` A '' -RRB- is thinner metal pipes . The latch is significantly cheaper and makes me worry it will not last the entire time we will need it . The conections no longer have covers . The new gate just looks cheap in compairison to the old one.After calling Summer , they said you can only find the old gate in stores that move their stock slowely . * UPDATE * Now a year later , I can tell you the new version of the gate did not hold up . The latch broke from both the top part -LRB- where your thumb opens it -RRB- and from the bottom part -LRB- that is shaped like a U -RRB- . We have two gates hooked together , while the other parts of the gate held up , the actual doors did not . The older version of the gate has held up GREAT .
 I have gone through 2 of these gates . The ends are securely attached to the hardwood trim of the opening between my living room and dining room . However , I had to sew the mesh sections because my child figured out how to open the velcro -LRB- what was the company thinking ??? -RRB- and the hinges on the gate finally broke both times after about 3 months each time . I am now looking for a new gate for my 11 foot opening . Oh , I almost forgot , the plastic feet are not secure on hardwood flooring , so I screwed , yes , I said screwed , door stops into my hardwood floors to stop it from sliding because I thought that would solve the problem of the hinges breaking , but no such luck . The hinges still broke on the second gate . I would strongly caution anyone from purchasing this gate to be used on hardwood floors in a straight configuration . In addition , watch out for that velcro !!
 This gate is HORRID . I 'd like to know who thought up the design for this contraption . This gate is in need of some serious reconfiguring . A removable velcro door on the gate -- WOW ! , and then there is just enough room for a child to stick their little feet between the gate and the hinges on either side of the door . My kids are always standing on the hinges , and ripping off the velcro door . On top of those marvelous features . The gate has nothing to grip it to the floor . Some rubber grips under feet would help the gate from sliding when my kids pust on it . My husband and I had to use cable ties to tie it down to our carpet . What a waste of money . I had to pin the four corners of the velcro door from the outside -- this is just a temporary slolution untill I can buy a better gate . The gate is wide , and you can adjust it to fit a wide range of spaces but that 's all it has going for it ! We 've been using this gate for almost a year now , and it 's been nothing but headaches !!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered this gate from BabyAge but they never processed my Amazon transaction . Amazon contacted them and so did I in an effort to complete the purchase . I only got a reply from BabyAge after I told Amazon and BabyAge to cancel my purchase since I no longer wanted to do business with them.If you want this product then I recommend purchasing through Amazon but not BabyAge.We finally got the gate from Buzmart , Inc. since BabyAge failed miserably in order processing and customer support.I 'm unable to change my 1 star rating to 4 stars but this is a pretty good gate . You 'll really need to try to find a wood stud to secure the gate . Sheet rock just does n't take the abuse of adults climbing over -LRB- to prevent the kids from seeing how the gate opens -RRB- and kids hanging or leaning on the gate.The gate was easy to adjust and install . We had to take a panel out and that was relatively easy .
 Well , the gate is fine if you never take it down , I guess . However , we use it to keep our dogs out of our living room , and when we have company we like to fold it up and put it away . Even though we loosen them before closing , the plastic tensioning knobs at the swivel joints have bound up and cracked in half , rendering the gate useless . For $ 100 , I expected more . This is a poor design , compounded by cheap materials . Summer , you need to fire the engineer behind this garbage !
 We have a 90 '' opening between our kitchen and living room that we wanted to block off from our newly-crawling baby . After serching all over for something that would actually fit we were excited to find this product . They draw you in with the pretty pictures on the box making it all look so great with its neutral colors , multiple uses -LRB- gate or play yard -RRB- , and simple one-handed operation claims.Then we opened the box and reality hit . First of all , it was difficult to lenghten or shorten the poles , in fact , in the whole 20 minutes we had it -LRB- sort of -RRB- installed I 'm not sure we actually figured that part out.My husband got one side hooked up to the wall , then went to straighten the whole thing to anchor to the other wall , We werent actually able to make it totally straight across the entire opening , but as he was carefully moving it into position we heard the sickening crack as the whole thing ripped out of the wall behind us , taking a big chunk our paint with it.Since it seemed so eager to be out of the wall anyway , we threw it back in the box and and now trying to figure out another solution for this area . -LRB- while also deciding what to do about the 4 new huge holes in our wall -RRB- Its too bad the store is already closed for the night , because I cant wait to get this thing out of my house!The -LRB- much too -RRB- generous rating of 1 star is for the height of the gate , you definitly wont see anyone tripping over the top -LRB- which is a good thing , because if someone did actually trip over it , they would probably take the entire gate and half of your wall down with them -RRB- .
 The was the only gate we could find to keep our 11 month old out of the kitchen . In a few short months each of the 4 connections to the walk-thru portion in the middle had cracked . Now the hinge covers on the 4 corners are all broken . We had to literally tie the pieces together to hold it up until we could install a homemade gate . My toddler was able to pull on the gate and break each of the components with his minimal strength . Because it is made to accomodate awkward spaces , it is flexible and wo n't lock stiffly into place . The flexing motion was more than the plastic could handle , so every time he pulled on the gate it gave a little more . We installed it exactly the way the instructions described . I 'm still trying to get my money back . I gave it one star because you ca n't rate a product with zero .
 I bought this gate to separate the living room from the kitchen . The studs came out of the wall , and now both sides of the gate -LRB- top -RRB- have broken . I emailed customer service about it several weeks ago , and no response.EDITED TO ADD : After my second email to the company , they sent a new gate . Much happier now !
 I ordered this gate over 2 months ago and am still not able to install it in my den . I have made 4 + phone calls to this company to try to receive the right parts for installation , but still do not have them . They say they are sending them and do n't . Or the next call they say they are sending them , and send the wrong thing . Then they send only one piece of what I need ! I called back today after waiting another week for the parts and they said that they would be mailing them today . It is never ending and I am so tired of them promising results but not following through . I would seriously consider buying from another company because this one does not back up their products when push comes to shove ! My daughter has gotten 2 months older and I still do not have a gate to protect her because of this company 's sloppy customer service !
 I had purchased two of these in order to make a free standing area in our living room for our first baby . Being a first time parent , it is difficult to know what the sound investments will be and this one left me very disappointed and wishing for my $ 200 back . First , when I put my son inside the area , he was able to stand up and pull on one side and walk it in until the entire structure became unstable and fell over ? Thus , we stopped using it until the giant monstrosity consuming our living room became unbearable & I decided To try and salvage the structure by affixing iit to the walls - even though I did not want to drill into the walls in the first place . Only thing was I no longer had the hole template and there were no measurements in the instruction manual to tell you where to measure out the holes . I called costumer service and after a 15 minute wait , was told that they had no template and had no measurements to give me . Being a busy working mom , that even writing this review was a stretch , had no idea this product would take so much time to try to salvage . I would not waste your time or hard earned money on this one , so beware !
 We bought this gate to enclose a playroom for my kids . At first it did ok . It was a bit difficult to set up and some tools are needed . The gate lasted maybe two months and it started breaking apart . My son , 18 months , ended up breaking the plastic hinges by pushing on the gate from the inside . Then the hinge to the gate also broke .
 I bought this gate to put at the bottom of stairs . The mesh and nylon part is held on by velcro . The 1st day is was up my daughter was running towards it and fell onto the mesh part , the velcro gave way and my daughter fell face first onto the bottom step . She got a cut on her forehead and a black eye !!!! My little girl is very tiny -LRB- about 22 pounds -RRB- , if she can fall right through this thing I 'd hate to see what a bigger huskier toddler could do to it . I called the company minutes after this happened , it was after hours so I left a message ... no response.If you love your child DO NOT buy this gate . Velco is not what I would call safe and secure .
 Unless you have children that will not touch the gate , it will not hold up . My 11/2 year old son yanked the gate out of the stud in the wall . I 'm sure it would be a much better fit if your doorway was small . Since we maxed out the length of the gate , it was n't sturdy at all . The bigger your doorway is , the flimsier the gate becomes . Also , very bad if your house has hardwood floors . It does n't stay in place if your child pushes or pulls it . Also , the plastic parts broke shortly after installation.Good for : * smaller doorways or areas then the max limit of the gate . * younger children that are only crawling . * carpet areasBad for : * children that are over a year old and have any strength to them . * bigger doorways or larger areas . * smart children . -LRB- the mechanism used to open the gate is NOT childproof . All they have to do is slide the button . Both my boys figured that out pretty quickly . Especially if they see you do it . -RRB- * wood floors . The bottom legs to `` try '' to keep the gate more stable just slides.Overall , the quality is n't worth the price .
 Hi , I bought this gate about two months ago . First of all the knobs that you use to loosen and adjust the position of the gate can be loosened by a young child . Second of all , the top hinges that adjust the shape of the gate broke . The gate is now in three pieces . And third , the way the gate closes allows for fingers and toes to be pinched . I have put the gate out in my garage . It has no more use in my house since it is now broken and has very sharp edges .
 We purchased two of these gates after reading reviews about several `` extra wide '' baby gates . When taking the product out of the box , the little plastic lever where your thumb goes snapped off . We thought that was just a fluke and proceeded to install the first gate . But when we took the second gate out of the box , the same little lever snapped off as well . But since it was n't critical , we simply continued on to installation.Installation was straightforward . Agree with other reviewers that you 'll need your own drywall screws for installing into drywall . We had one gate attached to trim on both ends -LRB- so provided wood screws were fine -RRB- and one to drywall.About one month after we installed the gate separating our kitchen and dining room , our son figured out how to open it . He 's 25 months old and has Down syndrome . While we 're delighted he has such superb problem solving abilities and excellent fine motor skills , the gate proved to be absolutely useless for its stated purpose of keeping kids out of danger zones .
 This gate was a great fit for our extra wide area at the bottom of the stairs . It worked well for about 9 months until my almost 2 year old figured out how to open the gate . The latch is a thumb slide and has little resistance so it is very easy for him to do which kind of makes the gate and the $ 100 a waste .
 I will never order an item like this again as it came destroyed ! They need to repackage items like this for shipping . It it the second and the last item of this type I will order online . The other was a bassinet and it also arrived broken with the box destroyed . I have complained before but never get a response ... too bad too as I like Amazon .
 Very fragile ! Dont worth it ! It broke in many peaces . I thought that I could have this for my son but less than one year after I bought , many peaces were broken .
 If you buy this product , make sure the model number does not have an a at the end -LRB- 07160A -RRB- . We have three of the old model , but this new model is cheap . The parts and bars are all smaller in diameter and bend and rattle and shake.They no longer fit with the old models . We are returning the 2 that we bought and looking for something else . I will never buy from this greedy company , Summer , again . Once again greed is overpowering the safety of our children .
 We had this gate for almost a year before it broke beyond repair . The hardware that comes with the gate is not sturdy enough to mount it securely ; my son has ripped it out of the wall a number of times . Luckily , he never caught on to the velcro panel , but he did realize it was easy to move . If you 've got the gate on a wood floor the feet next to the door will slide very easily and the plastic joints will break . Today he finally managed to shake it enough to break the joints on both sides of the door , so we 're off to look for another gate . On the plus side , the material panels are durable and never ripped despite repeated climbing attempts .
 This was the only gate on the market that I could find that would fit the 12 foot doorway between my livingroom and dining area . It stated easy to install but when the screws kept breaking off inside my new woodwork and I kept having to redrill holes I was a bit angry !!!! I suggest predrilling your holes !!! The hinges also wo n't stay on and the swinging gate does n't line up . You need 2 hands to close the gate which as a busy mom of 5 children you do n't always have 2 hands free ! By the end of installing this gate it was about to be throw out !
 We purchased a gate by Summer Infant about 3 years ago and liked it . So when we decided to buy another one to extend the old one we found out , that the new one is totally incompatible with the old one . Now we have to return it and lose a lot of money on the shipping since it 's not sold ny Amazon and not qualifies for free returns . The new one is made of thinner tubes and looks like has a poorer quality .
 I should have been warned by the many reviews complaining about receiving this item broken ... Poorly packaged + poorly manufactured = no fun dealing with return & leadtimes .
 As many other people have complained , the Velcro design on the gate is ridiculous . Our 9 month old has it totally figured out and the gate is now worthless . We have only had the gate a month . We bought two and combined them to make a play area . The design for that was great ... just the Velcro is inferior . I am going to try to hand sew the door on to see if we can save ourselves the $ 200 I wasted . It also does n't matter which side the Velcro in on , the inside or outside ... she just pushes on the mesh and the Velcro pops open . Do n't buy this one!Edited
 This is junk!My 20 month old grabbed the top corner , pulled & ripped the whole cloth door OFF ! Fortunately , I was right there because he headed straight for the stairs ! I had to sew the Velcro together with some heavy-duty thread . I would not recommend leaving your child alone with this gate for one second.I will post some pics latter ...
 I PURCHASED THE SUMMER SURE AND SECURE GATE A MONTH AGO.MY SON IS 19 MONTHS OLD AND WAS ABLE TO GRAB THE CORNER OF THE DOOR ON THE GATE AND TEAR THE MATERIAL OFF . THERE IS VELCROW ONLY HOLDING THE DOOR IN PLACE.I JUST WANT TO MAKE ANY OTHER OWNERS OF THIS PRODUCT AWARE OF THE HAZARD BECAUSE I HAVE THS GATE SECTIONING OFF MY TREADMILL SO WHEN I AM ON IT THE BABY IS AWAY FROM THE RUNNING BELT.IF I HAD THE RADIO ON I MAY NOT OF HEARD HIM TEAR THE VELCROW OPEN AND HE COULD OF BEEN INJURED FROM THE RUNNING TREADMILL.SUMMER IS AWARE OF THIS PROBLEM WITH THE DOORS.IF YOU HAVE VELCROW ON THE DOOR OF YOUR GATE CALL SUMMER AT 1-800-268-6237 AND THEY WILL SHIP YOU A NEW GATE THAT HAS A DOOR THAT HAS BEEN STITCHED CLOSED TO PREVENT ANY OTHER BABIES FROM DOING THE SAME THING.I AM ANNOYED BY THIS WHOLE THING BECAUSE I SPENT 100.00 ON A GATE AND THERE SHOULD NOT BE ANY KIND OF NEGLIGENCE IN THE MAKING OF THIS PRODUCT.ESPECIALLY WHEN NAMING THE GATE SURE AND SECURE ! I HOPE THIS HAS HELPED ANYONE THAT HAS THIS GATE .
 This is an awful item !!!!!!!!! I have gone through four already and do n't see that the new gate will last any longer than the others . If Babies R Us would take it back I would be there in a heart beat . Summer customer service is wonderful in replacing the gate each time but the point is that I do n't want to replace it every month or so . The last gate that was sent to us broke the same day we put it up . The joints are made of plastic and crack as soon as any amount of pressure is applied . The joints are also a pain because they give my son a starting off point to climb over . This gives me no security whatsoever at containing him . Also the spaces between the panels are too large . My son 's knee has been caught more times than I can count resulting in the fabric being stained from the vasoline that we need to use to get him unstuck . The fabric panels are not removable resulting in a dirty nasty mess to look at . The door panel however is removable with just a little bit of Velcro . The point of this . If my son does n't feel like climbing over using the joints to vault over he can simply unvelcro the door panel walk through . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We received three broken gates before we were able to piece together one functional gate . The unbroken finished product is great and the customer service was excellent . Although they did say they would `` rush '' the replacement gates , both replacement gates took about 7 days to come in . But , they sent them with no hassle . These gates are poorly packaged , which may be the reason they arrive with broken hinges .
 This blanket is very small . It is meant for a new born baby and only good to use for a short time . It Did n't help , that for some reason we did n't recieve package from Amazon for about 3 weeks . I had the blankets shipped directly to my daughter , unfortuneatly she did n't let me know what she thought of the blankets for a couple of weeks and then I figured too much time had passed . Otherwise I would have sent the 3 blankets I had purchased back . My daughter says that there is nothing really special about the blanket . It is just a couple of layers of thin flannel sewn together with an angled corner sewn for a hood . I personally would recommend looking for a more quality swaddling blanket . Although it is light weight and with Summer coming , it would probably be more useful during the warmer weather then when I ordered in December . In my opinion , I 'm certain there are better swaddleing blankets on the market . ones with velco and pockets to put legs in etc. would be much better for swaddling than this blanket . I do not recommend this blanket .
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Loved this last winter but both zippers broke right away when I got it back out to use this year . We were able to fix one side for a week or so until it just completely gave out . I 'm back on Amazon to buy another stroller blanket and this time , I 'll pay a little more and hopefully get better quality with a different brand . Wish I had done that to begin with !
 I have three children and one more on the way . When my first was born I did n't even know the Bundle Me products existed . With baby # 2 I could n't afford one so I bought a cheap imitation and was disappointed . With # 3 I finally got a real infant original Bundle Me and I LOVED it . So did my daughter . I live near Seattle where it rains and the weather is crap 8 months out of the year . Not having to deal with blankets falling off the carseat/stroller and keeping baby nice and snuggly was a dream come true . So naturally when she outgrew her infant carrier I bought the toddler size Bundle Me . This `` urban '' version is not as thick/warm but honestly I do n't think a toddler needs as much padding as an infant . And it is still very soft on the inside . I also love the color and the quilting . But I do n't know what this is supposed to fit ? It sure does not fit a convertible carseat , or any of my strollers . And I have quite a collection of strollers from already having children . I also took it to a consignment shop and tried it on every stroller they had -LRB- over a dozen models -RRB- . It 's like the top portion is designed to ONLY fit over one magical secret stroller . They could 've designed it a lot better to be used more universally , like the infant version . I am going to have to return it because really it 's of no use to me . I would recommend the infant size original to anyone -LRB- and I do recommend it often -RRB- , but I 'd tell you to save your money on this -LRB- unless you have the magical secret stroller it fits on -RRB- .
 Perhaps if I had n't already had a different type of bunting , I would n't be so disappointed with this one . My sister loaned me her Eddie Bauer bunting when my son was born . She will be having her next baby any week now , so I had to return it to her which meant I had to buy a new one . I saw nothing but great reviews on this product , so I picked one up.First of all , I followed the washing instructions , washing it separately on delicate and drying it on low , and it ripped at the one seam !! Based on that alone , I will be returning it.Aside from that , having used a bunting with a different design , I am not thrilled with this one . Part of the point of using a bunting is so that when you 're in a car where you have heat , you can open up the bunting on a longer drive so baby does n't overheat . This bunting zips down both sides to the bottom -LRB- by the way , zipping/unzipping is tricky with a baby kicking around ; the zipper gets stuck in the material a lot -RRB- , rather than down the middle front -LRB- that style zipper was NEVER a problem -RRB- . Then you have this thick cover at baby 's feet and nowhere to go with it , as the bottom of the carseat is up against the back seat of the car ! So you either have to rig it so it is up the back of the seat and tucked under the headrest , or you have to leave it on baby 's legs.Also , the top of this bunting does fold over so that baby 's face is n't covered unless you want it to be , BUT ... my 5-month old has no problem picking it up and pulling it up over his own face . He did it this morning on the way to daycare . This bunting is too thick for me to feel comfortable with him doing that . And I ca n't be reaching in the back seat to pull it down off his face!There is no disputing that the concept of a bunting is great , and that this particular bunting is toasty warm . It is wonderful being able to put the baby in his carseat and strap him in safely w/out a snowsuit being in the way , or having to bundle him up before going out and unbundle him every time you get to your destination . But I do n't think the design of the Urban Bundle-Me is great and I actually think this bunting is TOO warm -LRB- even with the bunting open on a long car ride the other day , my son 's back was all sweaty when we took him out of the carseat -RRB- . After calling several stores and looking at all my options at Babies ` R ' Us , I ended up ordering a new Eddie Bauer All-Season Bunting from Target.com -LRB- which cost less than $ 20 including shipping -RRB- . I ca n't wait till it gets here . I will be returning the $ 60 Urban Bundle-Me as soon as I can .
 JJ Cole in general has poorly made products . The first bundleme I received had seams that were not fully sewn shut . There is no way it could have survived through the first washing . So I returned it and recieved another . Now this second one is doing the same thing after only a couple washes . I do n't not have a harsh washing machine . Incidentally , I have their diaper caddy too and the section that holds the wipes collapsed . Poorly made products .
 I love how it keeps the baby nice and warm!But when I washed it the the Velcro shreds and makes a mess and unable to be used.I have followed the instructions.I returned it thinking it was a defect come to find out the 2nd one did it too ! Besides that I did not even dry it ! Very upset about it !
 didnt fit properly on my stroller and the material is not of desirable quality . . . its all polyester which was not great for my baby . I prefer natrual fibers
 This product goes under the baby and affects the harness fit . Instead , buy a shower-cap style cover that ONLY goes over the carseat . Do n't risk unsafe products when it comes to your baby .
 I bought this after reading all the positive reviews so I was a little perturbed that this was a sub standard product . My 13 pound daughter hated it ... as soon as I would try to zip it up she would start kicking -LRB- and its a little small for her -RRB- . The zipper makes me think her clothes or skin will get zipped up with the fabric and as u can see by the pictures her little shoulders are bare -LRB- it does n't zip up far enough -RRB- wow , disappointed . I would send it back but I threw out the receipt so I swear I will try to use it considering I spent 59.99 on this . I would suggest trying out a friend 's or just keep your receipt . It was a good concept but it 's a NO GO . buyer beware !
 This is great for stroller use but is not safe for car seats at all . It creates way too much space between baby and harness , which can result in baby being ejected in a crash . You can tell it 's impossible to get the harness tight enough w / this in the car seat because if you remove the bundle me and put baby back in there 's tons of wiggle room . I wish they would just market this thing for stroller use because it 's awesome for that-marketing it for car seat use just seems irresponsible : -LRB-
 We live in Korea , where the winters are frigid and walking is the best way to get around in this urban environment . A good car seat cover for your stroller is a must . I purchased the Urban Infant Bundle Me to go with our Britax Chaperone car seat for our almost 3-month old baby , and I really hate it . It bunches up under the baby , it 's difficult to get the slots to match up with the car seat harness , and the elastic strap is n't long enough to accommodate the wings of the Chaperone 's headrest so it 's always popping up -LRB- her head ca n't rest on the actual seat - it 's suspended like a hammock -RRB- and putting my baby in an uncomfortable position . At first I just thought I had it positioned incorrectly or I could push the cover down and it would stay , but it 's a no-go . If I ca n't return it I will just give it away because it takes so much time fighting with the darn bundle me cover every time we have to go somewhere ! So I 'm in the market for a good car seat cover that is big enough to cover a Britax Chaperone -LRB- a new one -RRB- but still warm enough to handle the 8 degrees below zero winters we have here when I 'm walking my other daughter to school . Wish me luck , but stay away from the Urban BundleMe if you have a Britax Chaperone unless you know some magic key to stop the back part -LRB- the one that goes between your child and the car seat -RRB- from sliding around and bunching up and suspending itself in the air between the wings of the headrest . * Updated * Our baby is now a little over four months old and we have been out in every imaginable variation of winter weather . I 've upgraded my review from one to two stars , and am really on the fence about making it three . True , it is absolutely useless with our Britax Chaperone car seat - they are not compatible at all . On the other hand , it is WONDERFUL with our Britax B-Ready stroller seat . The fit is excellent , the harness matches up well and is easy to use , and it keeps our little one warm and comfy while we stroll around in style . I really do like this product and recommend it to anyone who needs it for a stroller , NOT for a car seat . We were happy to find theJJ Cole Car Seat Cover , Khakifor our Chaperone car seat needs - it is n't really warm enough -LRB- would love it if anyone finds one warmer ! -RRB- but at least it fits the darn thing ! Hope this helps !
 I ordered this for my Maclaren Techno and was very disappointed . It was too big and dragged in the front wheels . I guess it is better , as advertised , for the bugaboo . I was also a little disappointed with the warmth quality . It was not as plush as my infant jj cole bundler . I returned it .
 Received this as a baby shower gift after I had registered for it . I love it except it doesnt fit . We have a Lamaze 1470 carseat ... The elastic strap on the bundle me that is supposed to fit around the back of the car seat comes no where close to long enough to allow the cover to lay flat inside the seat . We then decided to go to BabiesRUs to see if the original bundle would fit . Again it didnt and we had the same issues . Since I had time I then tried it on the Chicco infant seat as well in the store , and it fit the same way on that model . If its used with these careseats it would make the carseat very unsafe . I recommend the JJ Cole car seat cover , which is sold here on Amazon instead ...
 Such a great idea , and very soft and warm , however , does not work for our long little girl in her chicco keyfit 30 . This is just more trouble than it is worth , fits awkwardly , and I am constantly having to fish the straps out from underneath , so frustrating ! I was hoping to use this all winter , but our 7 month olds feet are jammed into the bottom and she looks uncomfortable . So far the biggest waste of money on a baby product , wish i had purchased something else to serve the same purpose , there are many other options out there . Do n't claim that this product is universal - it 's not !!!
 This bundle me is really nice in terms of style and warmth , but it 's so small ! My son is 6 months old and ca n't even straighten his legs . -LRB- he 's tall , but this should fit up to a 1 year old according to the description -RRB- . We had to return it . They make a toddler version , but Amazon does n't seem to carry it .
 I bought this for my new Chicco Keyfit 30 seat and all the cold weather we have in the north . Then someone told me that this style of cover -LRB- as opposed to the style that fits like a showercap over the top -RRB- will void the safety warranty on my carseat . So I called Chicco and they told me not to use this cover with my seat . They gave me a list of other covers they have tested and approved.Too bad they do n't make this in an elastic over the top shower cap style , because that material is really nice . It is going back .
 I do n't know if it fits better on another brand of car seat , but the fit on the chicco keyfit , is all wonky , it does n't cover all of the top , and it runs quite short . We were up in Conn. during a snowstorm over Halloween weekend recently , and being from VA , i wanted to make sure she stayed warm , so i got some tight and this to supplement what clothes i had with me to keep her warm . It did keep her warm , but it does n't even go to the end of the car seat on either end , and my husband hates to try and buckle her in with it as he has a hard time find where straps have gone , its a good thing i do n't think we will be using it long as shes over 6 months now . I posted pictures because i wanted to see how they fit before buying one initially , and nowhere did i find pictures of them on different brand seats .
 I bought the Toddler Bundleme for my 10 month old to use in her stroller and carseat -LRB- for warmth and also extra padding -RRB- . I do n't recommend it for either of these uses . Yes , it 's very warm and she likes to fall asleep in it . BUT , it does n't fit either her carseat or stroller well AT ALL . It is n't cut to lie flat against the back of her stroller/carseat . We use it in her convertible carseat and basically just have it sitting in there because the elastic strap on the back is meant for going around something without sides . We have her in the Evenflo Titan carseat and the Chicco Ct 0.6 -LRB- aka Capri -RRB- and it does n't work anyway we cut it . We tried to use it with my 3 year old in her booster but hate having to put her in it with her shoes on -LRB- it skeeves me out to have all that dirt/germs going into the inside of this nice bag -RRB- . On my 10 month old 's carseat -LRB- she 's still facing backwards -RRB- there 's too much excess fabric for this to be convenient in any way , form , or fashion . I say save your money and just use a nice plush blankie .
 Using this product voids the warranty on your carseat because it interferes with the harness of the seat . Please avoid !
 I bought this bundle me in Nov and it did not even last 2.5 months . The zipper broke . It is not well made . Stick with the other bundle mes . The urban bundle me is cheaply made . Not worth the price
 Cars are mostly equipped with heaters these days rendering the bundle me a little over the top as far as warmth goes . Now if you are outside walking around with your baby in their stroller then this may be the way to go , but for your money i would pony up the extra bucks and put a remote starter in your car so that its warm when you put junior in there .
 I will review it when I receive it . I ordered this product October 17th and still have not received it . I have been back and forth with the company to no avail . It is ridiculous to wait over one month for a product especially when it is for a new born who arrived 3 weeks ago ...
 I had a winter baby and I ca n't begin to imagine what I would have done without this item . I have personally inspired 2 other new moms to purchase this already as well . The absolute best thing is that you never have to put a coat on the child . And what a time-saver that is if you are a woman on-the-go like myself.I was excited that right before I had my baby girl they came out with the new Limited version . I have the Diva color for my little and I get a lot of compliments on the look and ease of use.I disagree with others who thought it was difficult to adjust the item around the harness straps and that it was cheaply made . I installed the sack and made the adjustment one-time . The material allows weather and some liquids to just roll right off the fabric.I would consider this a must for any first-time moms -LRB- as I was -RRB- on their registry . The price definitely a lot higher than I would like to see it , but still a must if you can afford to make the purchase .
 This is not a universal cover because it does not work with the 2 most common jogging strollers . The entire line of Baby Joggers -LRB- City Mini , City Elite -RRB- and BOB strollers have connected hoods/mesh to the back of the seat . You can not slip it around so it will never be secure . The company really needs to advertise that it absolutely must slip behind the back of the seat . Most common strollers it is okay but most jogging strollers -LRB- which I think is what you use the most outside -RRB- you can not use this item . Big disappointment . Hope this saves someone else from the hassle .
 This cover did not fit my Primo Viaggio at all . The wings for the side impact made it so the back of the cover did n't lay flat against the seat . I imagine this would be a problem for any carseat with a lot of side impact protection .
 I bought several versions of the Bundle Me only to find out today that they should not be used because they go under the baby and interfere with the way the safety straps fit ! I am so frustrated by this ! Why are they allowed to sell products that are not safe ??? We took our car seat to the Katie Cares Safety Check today and they took all of the accessories off . We had a neck support cozy on the seat as well that they said was also unsafe . Save your money and buy a version that goes OVER the seat and baby , not under ... Kidopotomus makes one .
 I got 2 of these for our nanny share . They lasted for about 4 months and then fell apart -LRB- we kept them attached to the double stroller -RRB- . The zippers broke so the two pieces would n't connect anymore . They were warm and nice while they lasted but I was disappointed in the quality .
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 This blanket has the most toxic smell ever ! I am returning it immediately ! I am trying to research if it 's made of pvc but that information is not readily available .
 I had very high hopes for this blanket , despite the negative reviews about the awful toxic odor , because there were still so many other positive reviews here on Amazon and on other merchants ' sites , and I also really like the other JJ Cole Collections products . I thought perhaps I would have better luck , or that the odor would not be as bad as some of the reviewers made it out to be . But it was WORSE ! After opening the package , I immediately smelled the horrible toxic-plastic smell . It was completely overwhelming to the point that after I put the blanket back in its packaging and shipment box to return it , I still had the smell in my nose and throat ! Terrible ! I wish there were a way to give it just a half of a star for this so you could see that it 's been reviewed , but it does not even rate a full star . 0.5 / 5 = 10 % = very low F.
 This is more of a rubber mat with a fabric cover . I would not have called it a `` blanket '' if I 'd seen it in person first . I bought this to use both indoors and outdoors , but the rubber chemical smell is too strong to have inside the house or in my car . So it lives in the garage now , and I have yet to find anything to use it for . I did wash it twice , and the smell is reduced but still pretty strong . I do n't think it would bother me for a picnic on the grass outdoors , but it 's not acceptable otherwise.Would not buy this if I could do it over again .
 I just called the company to find out what the blanket is made of , and was told that it is 100 % Polyurethane exterior , and 100 % Polyester Fill.Polyurethane is a form of flexible plastic , which is a turn-off for me . I think I will go with the similar -LRB- slightly longer at 7ft . - 84 `` X54 '' -RRB- TUFFOblanket instead , which is 100 % Cotton on top and Nylon on the back , also water resistant . The fabric make-up may not bother somepeople , but one of the reviews said that the blanket off-gassed an icky smell , which prompted me to find out what it is made from.I gave it two stars because I was forced to give it something , and others seem pleased with it . I 'll take cotton/nylon though . : -RRB-
 In my experience this product has no use at all , unless you use it at a beach or some other extremely hot and dry environment.I does NOT keep your buttocks dry and warm . If you put it on the grass and the grass is cold or damp you will get cold and wet in no time . I would not let my baby use it , it is too risky . I would be better off getting a foam mat , like a yoga mat or similar , it would be much more useful . Even if I go to the beach , I will not take this as it would stick to the skin , a regular towel would be better . So sad I got fooled by all the good reviews .
 Delivery of the blanket was fast , I also liked the look of it . However the striped fabric started coming apart at the edge , where it is sewn to the grey border . The stitches are intact , but since the striped fabric has no firm edge , it is dissolving into single fibres . The padding is visible now . I will try to fix it using textile glue , but it is only a question of time , until the fabric will come off all around the border . Quite disappointing ! -LRB- I tried to upload a picture , but this did not work -RRB- .
 I was excited for this blanket as the reviews are great . I was extremely disappointed when I opened it and it had a HORRIBLE CHEMICAL ODOR ! I would NEVER allow my infant to roll around on this thing . It CA N'T be good for you !
 I bought this blanket based on other customer reviews , after a summer-long search for the perfect picnic blanket . While it is well made , reasonably priced , and much nicer looking than other blankets out there - it 's WAY too small . I take up the entire thing if I 'm lying down on it in the park . If another person is there , forget about it - half of our bodies are on the grass . I 'll probably use it at the beach if anything , and will keep it on hand as a spare blanket , but plan on looking for a larger one for next summer .
 The blanket has very strong plastic smell . I 've left it out on the balcony for 4 days , but I can still smell it . Hopefully the smell will eventually go away .
 This mat is just ok . Yes it folds nicely but I learned the hard way that this is NOT waterproof in any way . We went to the park and the grass was a little damp , after a few minutes I realized that my pants were all wet !!! I cant return it now so it will have to do for the beach or wherever its completely dry .
 If the colors are important to you , note that the Gray/Green color blanket , contrary to the zoom image , does not actually have any true gray fabric colors in it . The photos are so off it 's perplexing , let alone misleading . The solid outer fabric color is practically army green . For the inside lining , the darker stripes are n't dark gray in color , but chocolate brown and the lighter gray stripes are actually olive green . The orange is however orange .
 Not sure why this has gotten so many positive reviews . I ca n't imagine anyone would miss the horrible smell coming off this product . I have been trying to air mine out for a few weeks now and it still fills our entire spare room with a kerosene smell , this is after leaving it outside for a few days . I 'm afraid to put my baby on it . After all , her nose will be only a few inches above the gasses that are coming out of this thing . Very cheaply made , and another reviewer said it 's not even water proof . Do n't buy the hype - looks good in the pics but not in real life .
 I was seriously considering purchasing this blanket . but after reading the reviews about the chemical smell I called JJ Cole , the number listed on their website and asked about the smell . I was told that the smell is from the polyurethane , the chemical used to make the blanket water resistant and fir proof . I have read many articles suggesting the link between polyurethane and cancer . Babies and small children are especially prone to absorb this chemical amongst others due to their weaker immune systems and skin to body ratio . If you are concerned in the slightest to the research that is current on this chemical , do n't buy this blanket or any other water resistant or water proof blanket . Your are taking a risk . I would rather look for a wool , cotton blanket that might not be waterproof than to get this or any other that has polyurethane in it . It is a total bummer , but I think it is better for to error on the side of safety and forget about blankets like this one . Just one well informed parent of two wanting to share some information with you all :-RRB- .
 This `` blanket '' was not a blanket at all . It is definitely waterproof , but I would have liked to see that top of it be more comfortable . Also the gray/green blanket l
 I would prefer something I can put inside my diaper bag , it is a heavy blanket that takes up too much space in my opinion . Nice looking though . .
 This blanket is not 5 ' by 5 ' . Maybe diagonally , but I believe that type of measurement is reserved for televisions . This was a gift and I was going to buy another one for myself . I 'll keep looking .
 I really wanted to like this blanket , but it 's just too small . It 's 5 ` x5 ' which barely fits one adult and 1 child . I need something a little bigger so that 2 adults and a child/baby can fit comfortably . It 's a great color and the quality is good .
 My daughter has been using this high chair since she was about 6 months old -LRB- she was a whopping 9lbs 3oz when she was born , so a big girl , to say the least -RRB- . Overall , it 's a decent chair.Pros : - Pretty easy to wipe down to clean . - I like the partitioned tray that is removable from the regular tray . - Adjustable height - this is one thing I really like about it . We can sit on the floor at the coffee table or at the dining room table and have her sit with us in her chair . - Basket in the back - good for keeping things like bibs , washcloths . - Nice , neutral color to blend in with home environment without the obnoxious patterns that are out there.Cons : - Belt broke which I fixed , and it broke again . I had to rig it around her , but now my daughter still is able to slip out from the belt -LRB- despite her height -RRB- and STAND in the chair . Hello , not safe ! - Expensive for a high chair . - Ca n't push tray in close to child . - Basket in back - food can fall in from the child eating above . Ew . -LRB- or if you have a sick kid with the runs , it could possibly go all the way through to the basket . - sorry if that was tmi . -RRB- - Big - it 's kind of a big high chair , so if you do n't have a lot of room , I would n't recommend it.Overall , I 'd say that although I really like the adjustable height , that does n't outweigh the severely defective seat belts -LRB- she 's been using it for only 6-7 months -RRB- . I do n't review probably as often as I should , but I relied heavily on others ' reviews when purchasing stuff for my kid , so just thought I should share !
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 This is the worst product for diaper rash caused by yeast . My 6-year old sweats a lot and got a bit of a yeast infection around his groin , so I put Desitin on it to help it heal and prevent further moisture . Well , he started screaming ! I could n't get the stuff off of him fast enough . A few months later , I had a yeast infection and decided to test it out on me to see if I got the same reaction - YOWZA ! It burned so badly I was nearly frantic trying to get the stuff off . It MAY help prevent a rash , but it is NOT recommended if your child already has a rash that might be yeast-related . I feel like the worst parent on the planet for putting this stuff on my two sons when they were babies .
 Why I have not received the product ... What 's the problem . If you can not send me the product please let me know.Thanks
 It 's the second time I order this product and in both cases the packaging did not resist the shipping process and arrived broken and spilling . Another important fact is that the cost to mail the product back to the seller is almost the same price of the product itself , in other words , it 's not even worth returning . If you can buy this product in a store nearby , do not order it online.The cream itself is great , I 'm using it a lot with my newborn . Thankfully the smaller packaging resists fine but it 's a shame the 16-ounce is so fragile .
 The description says `` Desitin Rapid Relief Creamy Ointment , 4-Ounce Tube , -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- '' and there is an icon/image that says ' 2 pack ' by the picture , however I received only 1 tube of Desitin , not 2 .
 This is the worst product for diaper rash caused by yeast . My 6-year old sweats a lot and got a bit of a yeast infection around his groin , so I put Desitin on it to help it heal and prevent further moisture . Well , he started screaming ! I could n't get the stuff off of him fast enough . A few months later , I had a yeast infection and decided to test it out on me to see if I got the same reaction - YOWZA ! It burned so badly I was nearly frantic trying to get the stuff off . It MAY help prevent a rash , but it is NOT recommended if your child already has a rash that might be yeast-related . I feel like the worst parent on the planet for putting this stuff on my two sons when they were babies .
 I really like desitin rash cream but they said in the Product Features * Pack of four , 16-ounce per pack -LRB- total of 64-ounces -RRB- but i only got one pack ... so its only one jar , very disappointed : -LRB-
 These are the cutest cups on the market ... the only problem is that the first time you wash them in the dishwasher -LRB- on the top rack as recommended -RRB- , the outer plastic warps so badly that the cups no longer stand up on a surface , so you ca n't store them in your cabinets or set them on a table !! They also crack and begin to leak moisture.Then , when you contact customer service , even if you return them within the warranty period , Evenflo will only replace them with the same totally awful cups -LRB- unless of course you want to spend more money on one of their pricier products , say , a carseat -RRB- . My recommendation is to forget the Evenflo gimmicky cups and go for the good old stand-by
 My daughter is easily entertained by spilling things . I got these in hopes of out smarting her . Not so much . She turns them over , liquid comes out . As if that didnt irk me enough , the dang straw doesnt attach to the lid very securely . If she drops a cup or I dont fit it in * just right * she will suck in air because the liquid isnt obtainable .
 I used to LOVE our Vista stroller -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . When we got it , it turned on a dime , the storage basket can hold a lot-esp . good for those days you start out with coats on and then end up taking them off as it gets warmer - , the bassinet is perfect for a newborn , and the cover for it is useful to keep a winter baby warm . My toddler likes the piggy back board we bought when our 2nd child was born . Our storage basket ripped , and customer service was great , got a replacement no questions asked.Unfortunately , after using it for a little over two years , all four wheels became all wobbly , lose and squeaky . The previous great customer service was not helpful at all . Since it was just over the 2 year warranty , we were told to buy new wheels for $ 100-we could buy a new stroller for that price ! I talked to the head of customer services , and she made me feel like I was worthless-very disappointing!So , if you want a great stroller and only need it for one child-perfect . If you pay that much money thinking , that this stroller will be all you need for more than one child-stay away from it .
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 I have had this product for a year , and really like it , however you can no longer find the replacement odor filters . I called Graco and was told they no longer make them . Of course it works without the filter , but there is a BIG difference in containing the smell ! My other complaint , now that I have a toddler , he loves to open & close this pail and put toys & other items in it !
 This thing is just not good.First , the touch-free part only works if a -RRB- the bin is pretty much completely empty and b -RRB- the batteries are pretty much brand new . Another words ... it rarely ever works.Second , the smell !!!!! Everytime you open it up to throw away a diaper you will be hit with this horrendous smell ... and before you think `` well , you need to change it more '' ... her is our routine . We empty it every 3-4 days . We DO NOT throw poopy diapers in it , we take those out to the garbage in the garage . We change the little filter every month like we are supposed to . We use deoderant garbage bags and spray it down with lysol everytime we change it.So ... it 's not us . It 's the diaper pail . Save you money ... this is a piece of very smelly junk.Get a diaper dekor ... or better yet , just throw your diapers away in your regular garbage . It 's cheaper and your LO will enjoy the `` field trip ''
 We received this as a gift . We took it out of the box and put it together when we were doing our nursery . We tested it a couple of times and it worked fine . Now our baby girl is due anyday and it does n't work . The gears inside are all jammed up so we ca n't even use it manually . We ca n't take it back because we do n't have the box anymore and we received it as a gift so we do n't have a receipt . We are just glad that we received it as a gift -- and not wasted our own money on it.We are very upset that we did n't even get to use it .
 You 'd think that a diaper pail with a power-driven lid would come with an electrical cord , right ? Wrong . This junker requires four D batteries that need to be replaced once or twice EACH WEEK.But wait ; there 's more ! Installing new batteries requires taking off the smelly lid and unscrewing THREE small Phillips-head screws that hold the unwieldy battery cover in place!You could n't come up with a stupider design if you tried .
 I thought this diaper pail was going to be the answer to our diaper disposal issues . We had previously tried a popular diaper pail that did nothing to stop odors . This one does the trick with keeping the room smelling not like a diaper , but lacks in the design area.First of all , it should have been designed to be at least twice as big . We use size 4 diapers , and this pail barely holds two days worth of diapers . If I wanted to change the pail that often , I would use a regular garbage pail.Secondly , when it 's full or the batteries die , the pail is useless . Therefore , you 're left standing there holding a steaming diaper!And finally , the materials used seem flimsy for the amount of use the pail receives.I 'm hoping for an improved version soon !
 We purchased this diaper pail because all descriptions , and even the video on the Graco website made it seem like when you drop the diaper in the pail , it falls directly into the bag and has the filtration system to contain the smell . This is NOT the case . This pail has a similar system as the Diaper Champ , in that there is a `` ball '' that catches the diaper , then it spins and drops it into the chamber below with the bag when the lid closes.We were hoping to use this for cloth diapering , so we were looking for a pail that has a filtration system , but none of the special bags , crimping or chambers that catch the diaper and drop it into the pail . With this method , we 'd have to constantly clean the `` ball '' that catches the cloth diaper , and we just do n't want to deal with that . I guess we 're stuck using a standard garbage can or pail for our cloth diapering . I wish someone would invent a great filtered pail for cloth diapering !
 this thing worked once . ONCE ! After that , the motion senor never worked properly again . So then we just figured we 'd raise and lower the lid manually . Well , because of the gearing for the auto lift , most of the time the lid jams and wo n't go back down after you open it.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT . Unless you enjoy things that do n't work ... . it 's junk .
 Although this was a great concept , it is n't perfect.Ours broke after just 6 weeks of use . The lid no longer opens and closes . The gears inside stripped from my older child manually opening it once . We have had it more than 30 days , so we ca n't return it and who wants to return a stinky diaper pail?As another reviewer mentioned , the lid has to be taken off and screws undone to replace the 'D ' batteries . This battery cover is a little too close to where the diapers travel through , so it is a really gross process.Our pail will hold about a half of a week of diapers . They should be emptied more often than this anyway.The ball part inside that holds the diaper and then drops it in the trash can gets gross , no matter how hard you try to be careful and contain the mess.And the smell ! It does absolutely nothing for the smell no matter how many of their filters you buy . There is the constant smell leaking from it , but when you open the pail to put in a diaper you just want to go running from the room before the smell overwhelms you.I wish I had saved my money and just bought a trash can .
 We returned one of these right away , because the hands - free option did not work . After exchanging it for a new one , we discovered that it , too , did not work . However , as a parent of a newborn , you just do n't have time to run to Babies R Us all the time for a new diaper pail , so we decided to just use the manual lift option and be done with it.Fast forward 8 months
 And `` junk '' is too nice a word for it . The hands free thing never worked , and the part that flips over for you to put the diaper in when you open the lid does n't come up all the way , so I have to cram the diapers in just to use it . We 've only had it a couple of months too ! A pail that costs this much should work more than two months ! On top of that , those little filters are a joke . This pail stinks worse than any we have owned to date . Fortunately , my son has quit wearing diapers , so we just have our daughter 's to deal with , but still ... this pail is NOT worth the money and we are really upset that we wasted our money on this product .
 We had the diaper champ with our first and I wish I had bought another . The `` touch free '' worked with about as much frequency as those hand dryers in the public restrooms . And the gears inside jammed up everytime the pail got full . -LRB- about 1-2 times a week with 2 kids -RRB- Do n't waste your money with this it 's a piece of crap .
 I was one of those very happy customers with this product until I went to buy the second round of filters -LRB- probably a year and a half ago -RRB- . I thought maybe places were out of them or something and was able to get them via Graco directly . Now I sent them a message this morning via email and got a really bizarre response that if I want to buy any product from them or their sister companies , I can get a $ 20 rebate ? That does n't help me with my diaper pail ! I 'm about to have my second child and am stumped for what type to get now . This was a great product , so why they stopped making them is beyond me - there is NO diaper pail that gets rave reviews across the board , so why stop making this one ? Just shaking my head . Maybe more reviews on amazon will help some poor schmuck from buying one off another site . I always come to amazon for product reviews , so maybe this will help someone .
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 I really just wanted to use this product while giving my nephew a sponge bath instead of bathing him in the sink . So to test this out I put it on my couch and then put my nephew on it and he kept sliding down it . Thank God I did not put him in this thing in the sink before I tested it out . I just went ahead and bought an infant tub . I dont know what I am going to do with this thing . I know it does not cost much but I think you would do better to buy an infant tub with a sling .
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 Ihave a 4 month old baby who weighs 18 lbs . and is 271/2 inches long . He has outgrown the Graco car seat I had for him , and I am not ready to give up the `` bucket '' , since I am constantly hefting him around while I take my 4 year old daughter to school , dance , etc. etc. etc. I bought this system because the KeyFit carseat can carry a child up to 30 '' , and I needed a new stroller anyway since our old one was smushed by the garage door coming down -LRB- no child in it , luckily -RRB- . The only other car seat for tall babies is the Graco SafeSeat , which I also bought , for comparison purposes.The car seat is very nice , a bit heavier than the Graco SafeSeat . The Chicco car seat can carry a baby up to 22lbs . and 30 '' , the Graco can carry one up to 30 lbs . and 30 '' , although I do n't know how you can carry a kid in that seat once he weighs 30 lbs.The stroller is great - it has nice height adjustable handles , a parent console , a kid snack tray , big basket , looks cute -LRB- no plaid here ! -RRB- and nicely padded . It also steers very nicely . The major drawback is that the top of the seat back tips up when you recline the seat , I suppose to make a nice enclosed place for an infant to rest , but it only gives you 14 '' from the bottom of the seat back to where it tips up . My son 's head -LRB- he is only 4 months -RRB- was right up against that part , so I do n't think he will be able to fit in there for very long.I put my 4 year old daughter in it and she was really , really uncomfortable , even when the seat was upright . She looked like Alice in wonderland , spilling over the sides of the stroller.Since maybe its not fair to judge a stroller based on a 4 year old in it , I borrowed my friend 's 2 year old daughter who is very petite , and even she looked to be at full capacity . When the seat was fully reclined , he head rested on the top of the lip and she said it hurt - not a good way to have a child take a nap . Even partially reclined , the seat back starts to tip . I am going to return the stroller , because of this.I ended up buying the Zippy Ingelsina stoller and keeping the Graco car seat , and I think it will be a much better fit for my baby as he continues to grow .
 I have to say that we absolutely love the look and style of this travel system . Great Fabric , sleek design , tons of great features . We have used it for 6 months now and I think it is a fabulous system . The car seat is the best and one of the safest on the market . Easy and comfy for the baby . The stroller is still bulky but not near as bad as Graco or some of the giant evenflos . The only thing I was unhappy with was , unlike many of the other major brands , Chicco does not make the carseat compatible to click into a shopping cart , I guess they do n't recommend it anyway but it is difficult to do shopping with any type of carts . I tried to edit the reveiew and change it to 5 stars but it wo n't let me . So although it says 2 stars we think it is a 5 star purchase , and a definite must have . We have owned many strollers over the years -LRB- through 3 kids -RRB- but this is the best . :O -RRB-
 This was great at first . My kid wont use other sippies where she has to tilt her head back so this one seemed to be the perfect sippy . BUT it leaks all the time , crud gets stuck in the straw and you really have to work to get it out -LRB- milk is terrible -RRB- , and now it is mildewing -LRB- ew -RRB- . So we are done . Moving on to the Munchkin straw cups .
 As a mom of four , I have plenty of experience with sippy cups . Seeing this one in the store , I thought that the handles were nice and chunky for little hands to grip and the straw was just right for a little one 's first experience with straws . Having used it for months now , I think the design is good , the execution is poor - this thing seems to create mold from thin air . I only use two sippy cups with my 1 year old , so I am washing both of them on a daily basis ... DAILY , not a few days go by and I find it all gross and have to spend extra time cleaning it . I mean that if anything other than water is in this cup for more than 12 hours , there will be mold in the straw , the lid , the cup and everywhere in-between . I have never seen anything like it . So if you just want to use it for water , then it is probably a great cup . If you want it for juice or milk , find something else .
 When I saw this product I thought how great it could be , but after first use I was very disappointed . It leaks a lot . I gave me baby the cup so he could enjoy it in his mat , and next thing there was a pool of juice right below it . I could n't believe it after the advertisement of no spills from its company . Then , I tested it in the sink , sadly enough the thing leaked as soon as you rotate it 90 degrees . I tried to contact the customer service of the company that makes it , and all the answer I got from my e-mail was to call them . The answering machine always came on . No recommended .
 I bought this in hope of my son will be able to drink milk from this cup . It was useless after I took it apart and had to wash it . I tried so hard to putting it back together . But , it still leaks . I basically toss it out after many times of trying . What a waste of money .
 We bought four of these cups and every one leaked extensively - from the straw and from the seal between the screw-on top and the base . Also , difficult to clean . After putting up with the spills for two weeks , we just threw them all out .
 THIS PRODUCT IS RUBBISH ! - horribly made-potential choking hazard-leaky straw-leaky top-an extremely hard to open topWhen i saw this in stores i thought ... `` Wow ! '' and had to have it . My son really likes this cup but , and it was the only cup that he was able to train on . . now he can drink out of practically any sippy cup . -LRB- i believe it was the straw that helped him -RRB- after 3 weeks of owning it i am still leary about letting my son have it . The top is hard to get off , especially if you screw it on after you have put it in the cupboard . liquid ... you will guarantee to spill if you have a hard time opening it while it has liquid in it . The straw traps liquid halfway so the tiniest nudge of the straw will make that liquid end up on the floor , your clothes , your babies clothes , whatever is in the general vicinity of the cup . The worst thing is ... My son after two weeks started chewing on the colored grips on the side and i didnt find out until i noticed they were missing !!! good thing he didnt swallow these , i ended up finding them on the floor . i tore the rest of the grips off so i wouldnt have to worry about that , but the fact that its on there could cause another child to choke on it . Overall i just wasnt enthusiastic about the cup . . the sad thing is i need to find a better straw cup for my son that isnt this brand . . i 'm not having luck with Nuby and i need to just still to what i know works . Until i can find that cup i just watch my son carefully just to make sure nothing else goes wrong.I would love to take time and make a video review explaining this but i 'm too busy to do so . hope this is detailed enough . i only want to warn mothers and fathers that there is a potential danger and to use extreme caution ! i 'm a mother and i wouldnt want anything horrible like choking on a sip -LSB- y cup that you believe is safe but learn in a tragic way that it is not .
 My son really likes this cup , but I found out it is made of polycarbonate plastic , which is known to be toxic . So I threw it out and bought the larger flip n ' sip cups , which are made of safe polypropylene plastic . My only comlaint is that they do n't have handles and are a little big . If only Nuby made a PP version of the 2 handled sip n ' flip !
 I absolutely hate these cups ! They are flimsy like another reviewer said . My handles have n't come off but they leak from the joints . Also , the lid is impossible to line up with the handles if your toddler is crying for milk or water .
 This bottle is good in that it does not leak , BUT my toddler has bitten through and ingested someone of the straw . Also , I did not realize until I received the package that this product does not say it is BPA free . I will not be purchasing again and have to throw out the product after a single use due to the straw damage .
 As the title says - it leaks . And it leaks all the time . As well , I bought these for my 3-year old girl and the cups came with patterns for boys -LRB- e.g. race cars -RRB- . Luckily , it only bothered my wife and not my daughter , however , if this is important to you , beware !
 We bought this when our son was born because there was not much to choose from where I live . It started falling apart as soon as he could actually start reaching for the toys . He loved to watch it when he could not move around alot . That did ` nt last long . It is so light weight that he pulled it over on himself . The side bar broke and the pieces came off . We were unable to repair it and there were sharp pieces sticking out where it broke . It is not a safe baby toy . My daughter had a similar item by fisher price when she was a baby and it was a lot better . I would not recommend buying this . Spend a few more dollars and get something safe .
 I bought this for my son when he was about 2 months old . I was not at all happy with the cheap mat that came with it ... looks great on the box , does n't it ! :-RRB- He liked to look at the dangling toys , but watch out , once your baby can roll over and try to pull up , the entire thing will collapse and hurt your baby ! This happened at about 4 or 5 months of age , and he reached up and grabbed the side bars , the side bar came out and the entire thing collapsed and landed on his head , lots of screaming followed ... by me and him . Needless to say , it was in the trash very quickly . DANGEROUS CHEAP TOY ALERT !!
 I bought this and my son who is 4months looked and it and played with the things hanging for the top . Then next thing I know one of the bars on the side broke right in half , I was not very happy cause my son could of got hurt from somthing like that .
 This product is good if you only want your child entertained for about 5 minutes . It is cheap and not worth the money and only plays one song continuously . There is only one switch so if you want the lights on and the world to turn you have to listen to the only song there is over and over . You ca n't even turn the sound down . My daughter gets bored with it very easy .
 I bought this for my son when he was about 2 months old . I was not at all happy with the cheap mat that came with it ... looks great on the box , does n't it ! :-RRB- He liked to look at the dangling toys , but watch out , once your baby can roll over and try to pull up , the entire thing will collapse and hurt your baby ! This happened at about 4 or 5 months of age , and he reached up and grabbed the side bars , the side bar came out and the entire thing collapsed and landed on his head , lots of screaming followed ... by me and him . Needless to say , it was in the trash very quickly . DANGEROUS CHEAP TOY ALERT !!
 This is an ok enough toy for when they are really tiny , but once they start sitting up with support TAKE IT AWAY.I had my DD sitting in her boppy in front of this toy , I turned around for a min . and she had fallen sideways and was sufficating because she had fallen such a way that her head was on one side of the `` A '' frame and her body on the other , her windpipe was being crushed by the support part of the frame that goes across the `` A '' frame -LRB- not the part with the dangling toys -RRB- . Please be careful and I 'm going to write to the company and to the dept. of consumer affairs regarding this issue , if I would have left the room for more than a minute my baby would have been dead .
 If this toy was like $ 5 it would not have been so bad ... my son was not paying it any attention ... I returned it immediately & got him a baby tad , which he loves !
 I really thought this gym would be cool when a friend got it for the baby , and it was for about 30 seconds . It only plays one song and the toys are unamusing and difficult for baby to access . My son liked it for a little bit but soon he was bored and irritated with the same playing over and over . Now that I have heard how breakable the toy is , it will be taking a trip to the dump .
 It is so disappointing !! It only has ONE song and it 's kind of like a music box type sounding song ... it chimes . And the song is less than 10 seconds long and then it just repeats OVER and OVER . There are only 3 lights that flash and they are just little squares blinking . It 's not entertaining to my baby and it was a waste of 30.00 . . maybe for 15 it might be worth it but I 'm not even sure of that.And the `` play mat '' is not a mat at all ... it 's an extreamly sheer peice of fabric .
 I would have given this ZERO stars if I could . It 's a cute looking toy , but ... I received this as a gift before my daughter was born . We had used it a couple of times with her at about 2 months . My sister-in-law came over one day and put her 6-month old daughter under the gym . She proceeded to roll over and got her arm stuck in one of the arms -LRB- underneath the horizontal cross bar -RRB- . She was OK , but we got to thinking that it could have been her head that got stuck . I immediately took it back and bought one of those gyms with the curved fabric-covered arms that will give under pressure . It was one by Kids II with little bugs on it , and my daughter absolutely loves it ! I would DEFINITELY stay away from these gyms with the plastic arms !!!
 I registerd for this product on-line w/o seeing it in person-this was a mistake . The mat is very thin and not comfortable to put the baby on . It requires batteries to be mildly entertaining . I say go for the standard play mats-not this one .
 The Light and Sound Galaxy Gym and Playmat is nothing special , but I guess it got the job done . For 30 dollers I wish I had gotten something else . The playmat was very thin , so when he was still really little we tried to put a blanket under it , he still got bored or uncomfortable because he started crying in about three minutes . We waited a few months to try it again and he still seemed bored with it . It would hold his attention for short periods of time , but was nothing special . We finally sold it at our garage sale for fifteen dollers , and put the money toward a walker . I would not reccomend this product .
 This toy is cheaply made , not fun or entertaining , and does not hold the attention of any child that I know 0-12 months old . My son did n't like it nor did my neice or nephew . I would not recommend wasting your money on this product unless you need a toy to take up room . = -LRB-
 First off , my baby could n't stand the music ! He would start screaming when I would turn it on . I bought this when he was 1 month old . He was n't impressed with it then and he still is n't to this day . He is now almost 6 months old . The mat is WAY TOO THIN ! I never used it . I always used a separate blanket instead . If I would have known it was n't as good as it looked , I would have used my money for something that will actually keep his attention !
 I bought this gym , and was very disappointed . I thought I 'd save $ 10 over the fisher price one , but yet again , you get what you pay for . The `` mat '' is only a thin piece of cloth you can almost see through , and as soon as baby moves , it gets all bunched up under them . The gym has two cute toys , but the whole thing is pretty cheesy , and it only has two settings for the music ... on or off , and it plays the same song over and over again . I do n't know who got aggravated first , me or my baby .
 Please do not waste your money in this rail . I will need to buy a new one because this one does n't fit comfortably on the bed . My 2 year old girl always ends-up with her feet stuck between the matress and the rail .
 First one we bought was missing pieces and the second one has a `` hinge '' that is not safe . Buy from another company . Poor instructions and poor quality product .
 This product is difficult to assemble . You will receive a bag of pipes with lots and lots of nuts , bolts and screws . It will take at least an hour to assemble.The stability of the bed rail relies on 2 little screws to hold it up and keep your child from falling between the rail and the bed . No matter what we did , we could not tighten the rail so that there was n't a gap between it and the bed . Because of this we never used the product.Also , there are long straps that are used to adjust the `` hook '' that attaches to the under side of the mattress . These straps hang down at least 2 feet and would easily wrap around a young child 's neck.I would not recommend this product to anyone . We threw ours in the garbage least someone use it and injure their child . A terrible product . I would give it no stars if that was an option .
 I purchased two of these rails 8 months ago for my two year old son . the second one just broke tonight . Now he is sleepinng in a bed with a rail that might not support him . Terrible design . never had a tight fit against the mattress . the strap makes no sense . does n't stay tight . there are better rails out there .
 It was ok except way to long - did not realize it would be that long . I wish I would have read that it ws so long , I need to try and modify it - I threw the box away that it came in , so I guess I 'm stuck with it . The product is made nice and it is my problem .
 This seemed to be a great bed rail for my son who is 2 . I bought it so he could not fall of the bed and yes its long enough but not long enough to protect him from falling . Prior to buying this one I had bought the normal regular hide away bed rail and its just got bent . The quality of the metal is not good . when installing them the metals got bent and the pins that make the bed rail come down do n't work to great . It does protect the baby from not falling , but the quality of the metal is not that great .
 Good design idea but product materials too cheap to work . The metal discs that allows this rail to slide/hide away easily become dislodged , slide unevenly and eventually bends which makes it impossible to slip between under the mattress.As a Gramma I wanted to use 2 -LRB- one on each side of the bed -RRB- on my one guest bed that is used by both adults and grandchildren . Without it sliding under the bed and just hanging down , it was impossible for adults to access the bed because the gate hangs down at a large angle.It was worth the money I lost in shipping charges , both receiving and returning , this product because it rendered the bed useless by both toddlers and adults.I will look locally before buying another bed rail .
 So , this item serves a good purpose . However , it 's a little rickety in the design . It does n't fold in smoothly ... both ends get stuck . The entire thing is metal on metal , so you can imagine the maneuvering and manipulating that goes on . It 's wide , so you ca n't align both ends at the same time , you have to do one , then the other , but by the time you get back to the first side , it 's out of alignment . That 's not the worst of it . Once folded in -LRB- so the child can get on and off the bed comfortably -RRB- , these two huge metal things stick out . If the child were to slide down the bed , or hop down , the metal hooks could definitely injur the back or front of the child . I had to wrap old socks and t-shirts around them so the would n't harm my child -LRB- an eye sore of course -RRB- . So , I do n't know ... if there is a better guard rail out on the market buy it . I 'm so fed up with it , I 'm thinking about just putting the mattress on the floor ... if he does fall he has n't far to go : -LRB-
 As a single parent , I am an experienced `` assembler '' and I have to say that this product is -- by a country mile -- the winner of my All-Time Inscrutable Instructions Sweepstakes . I mean , IKEA shelving has NOTHING on this bad boy . It 's an absolute disaster -- I only wish I could reproduce the drawings ! -- and while I was able to complete it 150 MINUTES into what should have been a ten-minute assembly , it 's clear this product wo n't be anywhere near what I had desired . It 's already NOT easy to work around when making the bed , and I ca n't wait until I have to break it down to `` store '' it underneath the mattress Prediction
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter . She is not overly rambunctious or anything and is very gentle with her bed . The pieces started to bend and break and then it fell on top of her one day while she was playing on the floor of her room . We were lucky she was not seriously hurt . It is JUNK .
 It took me an hour to put this product together . After it was all put together , it felt and looked flimsy . I affixed it to my 15 month 's old twin bed and he managed to push the rail down and take it apart in one night.It does n't fit flushly with the mattress and I could n't figure out how to make it bed to tuck it between his mattress . I threw it away . Very disappointed in the product . I hardly write reviews , but I had to write about how cheaply made this product was .
 I bought this and the additional side rail , both from Amazon , both the extra-long version . The additional side rail is regalo model number 5020AX and the hide away bed rail is regalo model number 5010HD . These are not compatable . The problem is that the hideaway bed rail is the old model and the additional side rail is the new model . Despite the instructions on 5010HD indicating an anchoring tube with removable black caps -LRB- so the additional side rail can be added -RRB- , there are no black caps and there is no compatability . I recommend paying a bit more and just ordering from One Step Ahead . I am stuck with these two products that I do n't feel like taking apart and shipping back , and will probably spend two additional hours attaching them . To do this you need metal drill bits , nuts , bolts , and a retired father in law . Two stars only because the actual product seems pretty good . Regalo customer service is useless and not helpful , dont bother with them .
 We bought this rail to help our son transition to his new big boy bed . Sadly it did not list in the description that it is not recommended and should not be used on platform beds .
 I ordered two . The problem I experienced is attaching the netting part to the rail . It is way too tight . The zippers broke when we tried to zip up the panel . It needs to be wider -LRB- by at least 1 &#34; -RRB- . I understand the manufacturer needs the netting to be tight , but when you literally can not zip it up -LRB- two people trying -RRB- because it is too tight a fit , there is something wrong .
 My husband and I bought this from a local Babies R Us . Upon attempting to put it together , we found that the pieces snapped in in such a way that misaligned other parts , making it impossible to put together . On top of that , the instructions were poorly written . A little common sense will help with this , but it does no good when the construction is flawed . We are returning it .
 This was easy to put together , but horrible to use . It does n't fit well in our bed , one of the clips came broken and one of the pins is jammed . Big mess and I just put it in today . Look for something else .
 This bed rail is the perfect size but it wo n't stay put . The `` L '' shaped hooks it uses to grab the other side of the mattress flop over and as soon as one or both of the do , the bed rail pulls away from the mattress . I tried everything including less -LRB- or more -RRB- tension on the straps and nothing worked.The hide away feature is a joke . The bed rail gets caught up in the sheet . I hate to return items but the bed rail went back . My rating
 This bed rail took an hour to put together , directions were ambiguous , and when we finally got it assembled , we discovered one of the sliding rails was bent and the side came out everytime we tried to put the rail up or down . Will not be buying one of these again .
 Cheap china made garbage . Pinch points ; hide away feature damages mattress , and box spring . It did inspire me to make my own out of wood and metal , which turned out to look a heck of a lot better , is safer , and a lot sturdier than this junk .
 The bedrails were nice until the last steps of trying to strap them together and both of the bed rails snapped . The plastic went flying across the room . It is very hard finding good bed rails . Good Luck .
 It fits into our 18months baby bed but after 30 days the structure bend and never work again . Very disappointing . I have one from other brand and had almost 02 years and works perfect .
 Bought two of these as our daughters bed comes out from the wall not against it . Forget using two as the way the rails are you can not put two of these on a bed . The rails below are very bulky and angle the bed/put large lumps . The idea of the rails being hidden is great however if your kids bed sits in any frame that covers even the tiniest part of the mattress forget this function . Incredibly disappointed , it gets two stars as it is made in a bombproof manner but that is the only reason it even gets 2 stars .
 This bed rail slides under matress so it make the matress un-even and my child rolls into the wall . It is also a VERY big pain to un-latch it and slide it under the matress and then pull it back out . Would n't recommend it .
 From the moment I assembled and installed this bed rail , it felt flimsy . I 'd purchased a foldaway rail thinking it would make it easier to make my daughter 's bed , but was wrong . The rail was so difficult to fold under that it was n't worth folding it away ; I 'd just pull the bed away from the wall instead . Any attempt at folding it down would result in the cheap metal `` wheels '' that guide the rail popping off the cheap metal track . In less than six months , my two year old daughter had the rail bent and finally snapped the cheap `` wheel '' right off the rail itself . Despite installing it correctly , my daughter would still manage to push it away from the bed enough that she could have fallen through . This thing just ended up in the trash , what a waste of money.Save yourself the headache . If you have to have a safety rail , just get a rail that is solid and does n't fold away or purchase a less expensive bolster that fits under the sheets . This one is crap .
 The metal is so flimsy and cheap . It 's a NIGHTMARE to put together . It does n't line up correctly and the metal pieces bend ! How can this be safe ?! How does anyone trust this to protect their child !! Garbage absolute garbage !
 Does n't stay flush to mattress or square in the track making it very hard to fold away . It 's too hard to attend to my toddler in low lighting at night . Ca n't recommend this product .
 I am looking to the ad I saw when I purchased this bed Rail . The instructions tells me `` This bed rail is intended for use for children 2 to 5 years of age . '' I had asked for a bed rail for senior and this was listed . Also , one piece of the rail broke . I can not return as I dont have the box , but I will call the company I will throw it away . They can not send me the replacement rod.BED GUARD RAIL
 This bed rail is a piece of junk , dont waste your money . It DOES NOT come with a travel bag like it says in the item description .
 This is a great idea , and maybe it 's the type of bed we have for our son ? but this did not work at all and ended up just being a source of frustration . We have a twin bed from IKEA that has 4 posters and flips upsidedown for a `` bunk '' bed when he 's older . It was NOT easy to put this rail up and down , and when you 're trying to mess around with it after your toddler is in bed it certainly does n't help them go to sleep ! One side of ours just did n't click in easily , and pulling it in and out was also a hassle . Now I 'm going to have to buy something else .
 This rail was much harder to work than it looked on the video . We could not get it to slide under the mattress and when it finally did it was difficult to get it back out . Plus , you could feel the rails under the mattress when you laid down . Had to return it to Amazon .
 I would not recommend this item to others . It was fairly complicated to put together , the pieces looked scratched when I first opened it and the biggest drawback is that the safety bars that hold the rail from under the bed are very short and turn all the time . If you really tighten the straps to hold the rail on they just turn and slide right under . We also noticed that one of the pieces looked bent . We thought we did it by accident while putting it together but after reading numerous reviews it seems others also had the same problem . My daughter has not slept in the bed with it yet so maybe it works fine , but I definitelty feel dissappointed with the quality and construction so far . Also , not as important but still good to know , our bed does not look cute and made with the rail on . You really need to slide the rail under and make the bed that way . Not easy in our daughters small room .
 After much research I bought this bedrail for our 21/2 - year-old . I was very disappointed . I purchased this model because it seemed to be the only one that did n't have bulky rails under the mattress that would ruin the mattress and box springs . The product is very misleading in that respect . It has even bulkier rails than other models that fit 4-5 inches under the mattress -LRB- and they have sharp points that will tear holes in the box springs in no time -RRB- , then the strap , then these worthless L-shaped bars on the other side that always turn sideways . Forget about trying to make the bed . An everyday chore has become an everyday nightmare . The rail is much harder to fold down than other models and those dang L-shaped things always come off every time you tuck the sheet . I have n't tried the foldaway thing , but it 's not really a feature I need . I just want to make the bed . I purchased mine for $ 30 from Target , but still did n't get a good buy for my money .
 We purchased two of these for our 2 year old and 4 year old children . We liked the idea of having a bed rail that would be hidden away when company came over or just wanted it out of the way during the day.Pros - Once it is set up and placed under the mattress , it seems like it will do OK for our kids in their beds . We also like how long they are since they are running the length of a twin bed.Cons - These bed rails do NOT do a good job of `` hiding away '' . The rails the guard slides into are very wobbly and come off the track very easily . If you attempt to hide it away , just expect you will be pulling the mattress up , and trying to figure out why / how it has come off the track . Then you get to play the `` Reassemble the guard rail '' game . This can also be very annoying when trying to change sheets , make up the bed , etc. I am also very disappointed at the hardware choices for putting it together . There really is n't anything keeping the canvas in place other than a couple of rods on the lower part of the canvas with some `` tension '' on them . No screws or plastic or anything of the like , just hope the canvas does n't stretch over time , and all will be OK I suppose . I am 85 % confident we will be replacing these over the next year , if we do n't return them to the store first.Last one - Price stinks after seeing what it actually is . I think these rails should probably reside in a dollar store of some sort for about $ 10 tops . After buying 2 , I sincerely feel they are not value add .
 Manual is written poorly with too many steps that do not showthe best way to position pieces to put the rail together properly.One of the spring locking pegs on the side rails was broken and would not click into place after I put to bar pieces together . The release mechanism to lowerthe gate is poorly designed and not very sturdy physically . Pullingout the spring loaded pins is difficult and putting them backafter raising the gate is even more difficult . I would avoid gettingthis item if I had to purchase it again.Regalo Hide Away Exrta Long Bed Rail - White
 This is not compatible with the Additional Side Rail for the Hide-Away Extra Long Bed Rail that I just purchased on Amazon . Thank you for wasting my time and energy . I will be returning both items ! If you plan on having both sides of the bed secured , these products will not suit you .
 The item was very difficult to put together . But once we got it together , it broke within a few months of use , even when treating it gently . I would not recommend this product .
 I recently bought this bed rail . We noticed the cover was unraveling a little when we bought it . We washed it once and it completely unraveled . We have had to use duct tape to keep it together . I called and explained this to a customer service representative while asking for a new cover -LRB- what most companies would offer because they want to offer quality -RRB- . The representative was rude -- telling me it should n't be washed . He was sarcastic when I was inquiring about the straps on the product -LRB- as he had me searching for the model number -RRB- . Once I found the model number he said he can put me on a list to receive a new one but never asked for my information .
 I bought Dex Universal Ultra rails for my daughter and they 're the best . However , the price increased almost 100 % in a year so when I had to buy rails for my son , I decided to try this one . It 's inferior . The rails are very bulky under the mattress and lift the mattress up about 1/2 an inch . They also risk ripping the bedskirt and mattress cover if you pull the rails . Although the Dex rails are 2x the price -LRB- frustrating -RRB- - they are considerably better .
 I have assembled Desks , Dressers , cabinets , and multiple cribs . I have never seen worst instructions than these . I finally just figured it out on my own after an hour of reading their instructions . Instead of having a legible picture they had a stick figure showing you how . Also , the Ups label was slapped over the only picture of what it was suppose to look like . I do not recommend this product at all !!!
 The instructions of how to samble it were really bad , the product has a good size , but is very heavy , I tought was a good product because was made to hide under the matress but it is a total lie , since it is too heave it is very difficult to hide away . I returned it inmediatly , I am glad I dind n't buy trough Amazon because I would have to loose the shipment moneey .
 the only reason this item got 2 stars instead of one -LRB- or none -RRB- is that putting it together was pretty easy ... UNTIL the mesh covering on mine is somehow sewn wrong - it is too tight to stretch over the poles , making it impossible to finish assembling it . i called the company and they told me that since each mesh cover is sewn by hand , it could be that the one i received wasnt sewn large enough . i just love how the wording in the instructions is `` SLIP the poles through ... '' when i 'm sitting there trying with all my might to stretch them and its literally impossible . the customer service rep told me they would send me a new peice of mesh cloth ... . we 'll see if its any better .
 We 've been using this for about 2 weeks now , after we discovered the reason our son kept coming into our room at night was because he was falling out of bed . It was n't too hard to assemble and is sturdy enough for intent and purposes . The only problem I have with it is the difficulty of folding it up . The locking pins , do n't stay in the `` unlocked '' position during fold up and down very well . This causes it to be difficult to smoothly operate it . The pins are spring loaded and rectangle in shape , you pull back and rotate 90 * so that the long side of the rectangle rests across the short side of the rectangular hole they sit in . Then to lock you rotate back 90 * and they pop through the hole and into the bracket to hold it in the up position . The problem is they fall into the lock position easily and then it is difficult to side the rail out , it gets caught on bedding and then I end up fumbling in the dark trying to get the lock pins into the correct position so it can go fully up and lock into place . This is all being done usually in the dark , with a sleeping child on the bed that I 'm trying not to wake . I might just leave it in the locked position and not mess with sliding it up and down , I can just lift the mattress slightly and slide the whole thing in and out .
 I 'm not at all impressed with this purchase . The rail is incredibly difficult to breakdown for hideaway storage . We bought it for my 22 month old son who now sleeps in a twin bunk bed with his sister . While it was incredibly easy to assemble and is in fact pretty sturdy , the locking and unlocking mechanism is cumbersome to say the least . Not only do you have to individually unlock each side , you have to rotate and spin , wiggle it a little , and push down the rail all at once . Also we 've noticed that using the hide away feature it scrapes the side of the wood framed bunk bed ! While I do n't have anything to compare this item too , I think I will begin searching for something that works better .
 I like the look of this , but I purchased it on April 7 and today is 12/9 and it is down and broken . Hubby built a wood one . My granddaughter is blind so she must have a rail right now , she pulls on it sometimes so for her it was not built sturdy enough at all , and it also put a hole in the brand new box spring .
 After several months if use the metal/plastic tabs wear and will not hold the rail up . We 've had to replace after using for about 4 months .
 After only a couple of weeks of use a , we experienced a failure where the system broke . It broke when one of the rollers sheared from the tube where it was installed . This was an obvious material design issue . We contacted the company -LRB- we live less than 20 miles away from them -RRB- and they did not respond at all . So , obviously design issues are not a concern of theirs . Wish I could post a picture of the failed part . It would help illustrate our concerns with this product . If you choose to use this product anyway , please inspect it regularly . We were lucky our daughter wsnt hurt ...
 I 'm so disappointed in this product . We had another brand for our son , who is now almost 5 . We used it and abused it for 21/2 years and it was still solidly working until the day I gave it away 4 months ago . I ordered this one for my daughter who was just transitioning to a bed at the end of November . Just a few weeks after I gave my son 's away , my husband broke this one while trying to fix the blankets in our daughter 's bed . I figured he must have leaned on it way too hard . So , I went to Babies R Us to find the kind we had gotten for our son , only to discover they now carry this Regalo model instead . I did n't really have a choice as we needed one on the bed as soon as possible so I bought yet another Regalo bed rail . Less than 3 months later , it 's broken again . This time , I broke it and I can guarantee I was n't leaning on it that hard at all . I was just trying to lay my daughter in the bed . I leaned on my son 's bedrail a whole lot harder b/c I was pregnant and often leaning over it to fix his covers or give him a kiss , and like I said , it was still solid . Upon inspecting how this one is put together and how it broke , I can see why it breaks so easily . The whole rail is held in place by two tiny metal discs that connect it to the rails that go under the mattress . What a piece of junk ! They should be ashamed of themselves and this should be recalled b/c once it breaks , it leaves just enough space between the mattress and the railing for a child to get stuck . I 'll be hunting for another brand .
 the cheap metal zipper broke away from the cover while trying to put this product together . Overall it appears cheaply made and not worth the reasonable appearing cost . I am in the process of trying to return it , but you can not return it direct back to amazon and must go throught the returns center and wait for a response from the manufacturer .
 Not sturdy . Wo n't stay on its rails . I 'm just going to toss it out . Do n't waste your time and money
 the mesh zipper broke right away while trying to put it together had to return it i dont reccomend it
 I 'm looking for a new stroller as I have had this for 5 mths and I 've had enough of trying to steer it with two hands -LRB- impossible to steer with one hand -RRB- . The basket is not accessible so I have only used it a couple of times and when I did , objects would scrape along the ground.The harness is n't good as my daughter can wiggle and loosen them in a minute.The adjustable seat does n't sit upright enough which makes her want to get out even more.The footmuff can only be used by little ones as it seems to be too small -LRB- I tend to take off her shoes so its more comfortable -RRB- . The net drink holder has become my key and phone holder as I wounld n't dare put drinks in there.I love the adjustable handles and rain cover , though !
 I bought this to have my baby girl 's things more organized and I tried to put it in the back of the door - didnt fit . I see the picture now and instead of back of the door - I am going to see if I put it in a rod!Post review-4 / 21/2006I stuck 2 nails on it and forget the hooks it comes with - I hung it right on the nail and it fit - I stuffed the pockets and by sticking the 2 nails - it worked for me - so I might just go and buy another one because it sure did lessen some of that cluster I felt I had - put her socks , bibs hair accessories , Her cd 's and tapes ... I might just put another one for her lotions , onesies , and other things I have an abundance of ... Thank YOU !!!!!! Now I give it -LRB- with the hooking it up on nails -RRB- 4 stars ****
 We liked the spoon until the moisture affected the batteries , causing it to malfunction .
 I bought the round bassinet for my first grandchild and needed more than one sheet which came with it . These sheets weere not round but oval . My daughter kept them anyways to use but is not happy with them .
 I loved this baby monitor . The picture was clear and the unit lights up when the baby cries , so you know even if you have the sound turned off . It 's a great feature.However , the monitor died after 1 year of service . I know we live in a disposable society , but I would expect a $ 100 baby monitor to last more than a year.Despite my appreciation for the features , I will not purchase this item again . It was poorly built .
 My first monitor had problems right out of the box . The video on/off button did n't work , but it was n't the end of the world and the video just stayed on . Then about a week later , the monitor stopped working all together ! So , we took it back and got a new one . This one worked , but the reception was never great and we got a good amount of feedback . I 'm sure this was due to our cordless phone , but what are you to do ? Everyone has cordless phones now so it 's always going to interfere . The constant buzz drove me crazy . However , the most alarming thing was that I read the other reviews about the AC adapter getting hot and some people had it actually smoke . So , I checked the AC adapter and after an hour of being on -LRB- the monitor portion -RRB- , it was really hot ! I definitely did n't feel like I could leave it on all night which was a huge problem . This seemed like a safety hazard so I unplugged it and ended up returning the monitor again . While I loved the idea of a video monitor , I ended up getting the Sony Babycall which got great reviews and so far -LRB- one week -RRB- , I love it !
 I registered for two of these monitors and received them as gifts . The large square electric wall plug connected into both the camera and into the TV screen PLUS the TV monitor itself would heat up so hot that you could fry an egg on them . It would get so hot that you could barely touch it . To add to the issue , they would not cool down when you turned them off . If you have the unit on for a few hours and turn it off for 8-10 hours , it barely decreased the heat exuding from the various parts of the unit . You have to manually unplug the unit for several hours to decrease the heat to a cool temperature . One would expect this to function as a baby monitor , so you can get used to unplugging the outlet to the TV screen when it is not in use , but it is very inconvenient to unplug the camera side of the unit . This is because if you unplug the camera side -LRB- which is the only way to get the unit to cool down -RRB- you loose focus on the baby 's crib , and have to readjust the view every time . It is easier to be able to leave it , but I would not trust this hot surface plugged into the wall next to my babies crib . Please note that I had two of these and found the same issue with both of them , my cousin bought one and had the same problem . I returned both of them and spent the extra $ 50 to upgrade to the more reputable brand of video monitor . Personally , I upgraded to the ` Safety 1st ' and found the picture to be less clear than this brand . However I would choose a picture that is slightly less clear than living in fear of the unit overheating .
 This video monitor always had an annoying buzzing sound I think because our cordless phone -LRB- in another room -RRB- interfered with it but because we loved being able to SEE our baby , we tried to ignore it . Then after only 15 months of use , the picture went out completely . I called Summer Infant direct and because there is only a 1 year warranty - they would fix it for us but there is a $ 43 dollar charge for it ! I would not recommend this product to anyone unless you want to spend $ 99 for only a little over a year of use .
 My husband and I revceived this monitor as a shower gift and we could n't wait to try it out . We were disappointed about a few things :1 . The video part had some interferences .2 . The sound was poor - especially as we brought the video part closer to the camera unit .3 . BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT
 the only reason why I did n't return this awful monitor is because I like to see my baby . The noise/static is absolutely awful -- it actually kept my husband and me up all night . Do NOT buy this product -- try to find a different monitor to see your baby .
 I received the 1st monitor as a gift . I took it back because there was no picture . The 2nd monitor worked well for about 2 weeks . Then the neighbor 's telephone started playing through the monitor at all hours of the day and night . It began to make a horrible hissing noise around 11PM every night . Sleep is precious in the early weeks and with a loud hissing noise there would be none . After a couple of nights I took this one back too and got a Safety 1st . It 's not the best , but at least I do n't have to move to an area with no portable phones for it to work .
 I do n't usually write reviews but I use them religiously so I purchased this video monitor.Disappointing.The picture is fuzzy . That I can live with but the sound , however , is unacceptable . I can not stand to listen to static constantly . Tune a radio to your favorite station , now tune to the next strong signal , now tune right in the middle and crank it up . That 's what this thing sounds like ! Further , eventually , you 'll learn to ignore the loud hiss and then miss the sounds of your child . The picture 's clarity is not sufficient to decipher between subtle sleeping movements and anything you might want to run frantically to check on.If you need video , get an x10 cam . There not just for -LCB- anyone -RCB- anymore
 The monitor went out after only a few months use . Summer Infant agreed to look at the monitor as long as it was within the one year period from date of purchase . The company said it was a blown fuse and said they would correct it . The fixed monitor worked for about a month before the images on the screen became distorted again . I would NOT recommend this product . Spend more money and buy a better quality monitor . It will be worth it . I am currently searching for a new camera/monitor system to replace this faulty one .
 My baby is due in a few months . The nursery is on the second floor , the master is on the first floor . I went to Babies R Us and found two video monitors ; The Summer Infant for $ 99.00 -LRB- I noticed that out of 10 monitors on the shelf , 2 had been returned -RRB- and the Safety First for $ 149.00 . I decided to buy both and decide for myself which one would give the best reception.Both monitors use the 900 mhz frequency . My cordless phones are 2.4 ghz . I do not have anything else in my house that uses 900 mhz . I set up each monitor one at a time.The Summer Infant failed miserably . Reception was poor at best and was not clear.The Safety First had great reception and was very clear.I have read the reviews where people have said how wonderful the Summer Infant monitor is and wonder if it is paid advertisement . Readers of these reviews BEWARE !!
 We purchased the Quiet Sounds video monitor , and have received an audio monitor as a gift . The video portion of the monitor worked fine . As others have noted , the green diode does illuminate the baby quite a bit , and keeps her fascinated at times . At night , the picture quality dims , but we are able to tell if her eyes are open . However , turning off the monitor and using only the audio receiver -LRB- the video display lights up a bedroom at night -RRB- is not possible due to the background noise and popping . We have tried turning off or disconnecting all of the wireless technology in the house , to no avail . Even after I opened the units housing to adjust the gain/squelch controls , we found the noise level to be unacceptable .
 I had this one and then returned it b/c of the poor reception . It worked ok at first and then it was impossible to get a clear picture-plus the knobs are really hard to turn b/c they are in the back of the monitor.The Handheld Color Video Monitor - also by the same company - was really easy to install and then the picture is right there on the lcd screen without ANY adjusting at all !! It 's worth the extra $ 89 .
 Our son was 4 months old when he started having seizures . We could n't be there to watch him during his naps , -LRB- his sister is 4 and loud -RRB- , so we bought this monitor . The picture on the screen is horrible . If you have it near a microwave or cordless phone or any electrical appliance it goes fuzzy and distorted . While not in use , the camera fell , accidentally off the dresser . I found it not more than a half hour later . I went to pick it up , and it was so hot that I immediately dropped it and had to use a towel to pick it up again . When it cooled down , I noticed that the entire face of the camera had melted and had the shape of the carpet imprinted in the melted plastic . I am furious at the potential hazard this may have caused if I had found it any later than I had . What if it fell on my son or the bed , or anything flammable ? This company would have had a huge suit against them . I am now in the process of sending a formal complaint to the company . Do n't buy this camera unless you make extreme precautions to secure it to a fire proof surface . Or better yet , do n't buy it at all .
 I have not bought this monitor but read all of the mixed reviews online . Due to this , I searched on the Radio Shack web site and found a video monitor which is much better . It is called the `` 2.4 GHz Black & White Wireless Surveillance System . '' The ones on Babies R Us are only 900mHz . The Radio Shack model is supposed to have a crisp , clear image , a microphone , and even works in total darkness . It costs $ 120 and like the Summer model , has no wires or hookup . You can even add up to 4 cameras .
 This monitor is nothing but junk ! I bought this and returned it because it was so bad . The reception , all over our house , was so bad you could n't tell what you were looking at . You can not use the sound part because the scratchy noise from the horrible reception . Save your time and money . Go to Lowe 's and get the GE 2.4 GHZ system . You can even buy one that hooks up to your TV -LRB- $ 150 -RRB- so you do n't have to have another bulky TV type monitor sitting around . You can add up to 3 cameras to one adapter so if you have more than one child you can watch all of them on your own TV . It costs a little more , but is very worthwhile . The reception is fabulous day or night . It 's great to lie in bed and be able to switch to the channel your monitor is on and check your child while watching TV . There is n't any sound to the GE unit , however I would n't by this Summer one for sound anyway , we have a separate , better monitor for sound . Good luck !
 Received this as a shower gift , glad I did n't pay for it . Picture is very snowy , lots of static , even from the next room . Tried adjusting antennas , changing channels , moving the monitor and camera , nothing helps . Also the monitor does NOT operate on batteries , something I did n't realize when I bought this . Not that it would work outside , anyway , considering it does n't even work 10 feet from the camera .
 This was by far my favorite and one of the most useful baby `` gadgets '' I received . I recommended it to everyone and thought I could never live without it . HOWEVER , just days before I was going to buy a 2nd monitor for my 2nd child , my first one broke -LRB- after less than 16 mo. -RRB- The monitor just has a line down the middle . I am so disappointed . I do n't know what I 'm going to get to solve this . Just wanted to warn people that this product will not last long .
 I do n't know if there 's outside interference but it will take me 10 minutes , at least , to be able to get a picture on the screen . Then when i get the picture to appear , it disappears to static just a few minutes later . The audio wo n't even work.I ca n't believe i blew $ 100 on this monitor . What a waste .
 Maybe because we use a nightlight in our daughter 's room , but this monitor did not work at all . I got a hazy image , wherever there was bright white color in the room -LRB- her crib rails or sheets -RRB- but our brown baby was invisible . I bought it because it had night `` vision '' and we are phasing our toddler into a real bed . I wanted to know what that `` clunk '' was without disturbing her if she was being good . The picture is clearer -LRB- but still very vague -RRB- during the daylight hours , but is impossibly faint at night -LRB- again , maybe because the night `` vision '' was disturbed by the nightlight -RRB- . Whatever the case , I used it as a regular sound monitor that night , then immediately hooked up her old monitor and returned this one to the store . It was worse than worthless . How much good is it to see the crib , if you ca n't tell if the child is in it or not ?
 I bought this monitor from Babies R Us and immediately had to return it . It did not work straight out of the box . Believing this to be a fluke , I exchanged it for the same model . This one worked well for about 6 months and then the AC adaptor cracked in half -LRB- we presume from the heat that the adaptor was generating -RRB- ??? We were alarmed by this but bought a new adaptor . After having the monitor for a little over a year , it just `` gave out '' . No picture , no sound , etc. . We contacted the company whose warranty expired at one year . Overall , this is an expensive product to have so many problems . I am sure there are better alternatives !
 We purchased this monitor so that we would be able to watch our baby at night . When we hooked it up , we noticed that the top third of the monitor screen was messed up -LRB- fuzzy , distorted lines -RRB- . So we exchanged it for the same monitor . The new monitor does not have the distorted lines , but it will not work in our bedroom . After hours of trying to adjust it and reposition it , we were still unable to use it in our bedroom , which of course defeats the entire purpose of having it . Unfortantely , we are going to return it and look for a better monitor .
 I was SOOO happy with this when I first got it as a gift . . I thought we had got the ONE set that would work with no problems . . I was right , for about a month , then it started making weird beeping noises and the video got lots of static and the picture kept flipping ... and I did n't have a tv or phone on anywhere near it ! Save the money and get a reliable non tv monitor .
 I purchased this for my 6 month old son . The reception was absolutely horrible . I was only one room away and had static , wavey lines and a fuzzy picture . The sound had a continuous clicking noise . I returned this monitor after one week . Save yourself the hassel and spend more for quality , I wish I would have .
 Picture is fair but the static is terribile . Noise from the receiver would keep many people awake during the night . I am going to try the 2.4 mhz to see if it is any better .
 I bought this item because of reading the reviews on how awesome it was . Well let me tell you , it is a waste of money . The picture is fuzzy and i cant even hear my baby since all you hear is fuzz . I was scared having the baby sleep in her room and when i bought this item i thought it would help . I have not slept since i purchased this item and now have the baby in the portable crib beside me . save your money on this product because it 's not worth it . i am going to try the safety one instead .
 The purpose of a baby monitor is to free you up for household chores while still allowing you to know that junior is safe and sound . Audio does this nicely . Video only works if you sit there and watch it -LRB- which defeats the purpose of freeing you up for chores -RRB- , and if it has audio , as this one does , then why even HAVE video ?? Video is an unnecessary expense , because just what is there to SEE inside a baby 's crib anyway ? There should n't be anything dangerous in there anyway !!!! Save the $ and get an audio . As someone else pointed out , reception is n't always good on this model either . Video monitors are a ploy to get well-meaning parents , eager to protect their children -LRB- `` if you do n't get this , you 're an irresponsible parent ! '' -RRB- , to spend more money . Look at the price tag on this compared to a simple audio . Sell yours on ebay , spend ten bucks for a good audio monitor , and put the rest in baby 's college fund where you 'll get much more use out of it .
 I received this monitor for a shower gift . No matter where I put it I ca n't get a picture . I called the company and they want me to ship it back to them and they will ship me another one . I hope the new one works after reading the reviews it seems like they have some sort of problem with the monitors . It 's very dissappointing .
 This monitor is horrible , a big waste of money ! The reception is awful . It makes loud static and noise all night long . While your baby may be sleeping , you can not sleep with this monitor around ! My mom got a cheap monitor free with other purchases and she has no problem with it at all . Our monitor just broke . My baby is a year old old and now the picture does not work . The screen is completely black and of course there is no warranty so we basically paid over one hundred dollars to use this monitor for a year . Now we 're going to go buy a cheap one like my mom has . Trust me , save your money this monitor is no good !
 I bought this monitor and I could n't see the entire image on the display . It requires two people on both rooms to adjust the antenna . So , if you take the monitor to another room and you are alone , for example , you have to go back and forward a 100 times until you have a quality image . There 's also a background noise . I already returned , but there 's a cost for it . Do n't waste your money !!! It 's true !!!
 We registered for this item and received it as a shower gift . After hooking everything up , I turned on the monitor and was able to view my wife 's face . The picture was a bit snowy and there was a lot of static with the sound . The worse part though , was when the picture went out all of a sudden after about 20 seconds . I am going to return this item , and will be looking for an alternate brand . I 'm considering just sticking with an audio monitor , or perhaps purchasing a `` nanny cam '' and hooking it up to my television .
 I bought this monitor because I liked the fact it was a video . I loved it from the moment I brought it home and started using it.But suddenly the screen stopped working . I contacted the company and they said I could send it to them and they would try to fix it . And if it had been under 1 year since the date of purchase I would get a new one for free , if it could not be repaired , otherwise I 'd have to pay for a new monitor -LRB- just the TV part -RRB- . Unfortunatly , it had been just over a year , so I just opted to buy a whole new monitor set . Well , that was less than 2 months ago and my NEW monitor screen is just about DEAD !! I am furious !! My sister in law said she had the same problem with hers . So I am returning my monitor this weekend and getting a different brand ... hopefully I wo n't have the same problem .
 There is another review that states they got 15 months before the monitor stopped working . We were able to get 17 months of use before the monitor stopped functioning altogether . No sound , no video , no nada.To be fair , my wife did take the monitor from room to room , so it had it 's share of handling . But it was never dropped or jossled too heavily to cause the monitor to just stop working one day . I am disappointed and will look at getting a replacement that is a non-Summer brand .
 We purchased this video system about 10 months ago and have used it daily . While the picture is not super clear , it is sufficient for baby monitoring and works especially well at night.That 's the good news . The bad news is that the monitor just burned out with less than 10 months use . By the time you figure repair costs , the only way to fix it is to buy a new unit .
 We received it as a shower gift . We then followed the instructions to attempt to optimize the performance using all combinations of options available . No matter what we did , it 's way way below our expectation - basically , there 's close to no picture and the audio is too bad . We could n't believe a product with such a low -LRB- or no -RRB- quality could be available in the market . We wondered if it was just a defective item so we tried to have it replaced online but were told that it 's not available from the supplier . Not sure if our item -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- can represent the product but if it does , stay away from it !
 We received it as a shower gift . We then followed the instructions to attempt to optimize the performance using all combinations of options available . No matter what we did , it 's way way below our expectation - basically , there 's close to no picture and the audio is too bad . We could n't believe a product with such a low -LRB- or no -RRB- quality could be available in the market . We wondered if it was just a defective item so we tried to have it replaced online but were told that it 's not available from the supplier . Not sure if our item -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- can represent the product but if it does , stay away from it !
 Night vision works good . Interference was a problem . I moved the camera and the monitor in over a dozon places , but still had static . No problem with the picture , just the sound . I returned it . The handheld color version is much better , but more expensive .
 This is the worst purchase I have ever made . The video picture is okay , but the range on this monitor is horrible . I could n't get more than five feet outside of the nursery when the loud , unbearable static started . Do n't waste your money on this monitor .
 HORRIBLE product in my experience . Video never worked and audio only worked if antenna was placed 3 inches away from other antenna . Even took it back for a replacement thinking 1st one was broken . Tried it several places other than home as well incase interference was an issue . Never got a picture nor audio -LRB- except when touching antennas together -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This unit dose not have the range that the manufacture claims it has -LRB- 300 ' -RRB- , and the background noise is terible . Do n't waste your money on this unit or the Safety 1st unit . Go to Lowe 's -LRB- Home Improvment Warehouse -RRB- and get the 2.4 GHz Sylvania for $ 100 .
 I had the Safety 1st monitor and broke it , so I decided to try this one since it was cheaper . The info said that it would work up to 60 feet away . The distance we had it was less than 50 feet and all I could get was a fuzzy picture and loud static . Even though there was no noise in the room , there was a lot of static . After 2 nights of hearing the static I brought it back and spent the extra money for another Safety 1st monitor , which comes in beautifully .
 I purchased this for my infant and the picture was horrible . We got a lot of fuzz and could n't even distinguish our son from the fuzz . It could be that our room is too far away from our son 's . We live in a split ranch home , so our rooms are on opposite sides of the house -LRB- that 's WHY we wanted a video monitor -RRB- but it is also the reason why the monitor did not work for us . Bummer ...
 All of our expectations went out the window when we plugged in this baby monitor system . The poor quality of the video and the sound in itself , is enough to keep a person awake all night , but to exasperate the situation further we really do n't know what is going on with our infant daughter because of continuous visual and audio static and this too keeps up hoping to her room to check on her . It would have been better to go with an old-fashioned audio baby monitor than to have wasted our -LRB- budgeted -RRB- money on this system . We are very perplexed that others have found this monitor invaluable ; we have found it to be worthless . Buyers beware .
 Safety 1st is more expensive then this monitor but it 's well worth the money because this monitor is terrible I have to put the camera on top of my son to be able to see anything , the image is terrible and the light from the camera is way too bright , the only thing good about it is the sound .
 We got baby 's Quiet Sounds Video monitor last week as a gift and i was excited abt it specially after reading all the 5 star reviews of this product . When we tried it out the picture was shaky and not so clear . Also , it was impossible to slightly increase the volume -LRB- due to high pitched static -RRB- even after unplugging all wireless and turning off everything.It is certainly not suitable for an apartment use , maybe it works better in bigger homes . We returned it immediately and got the Sony-27 channel audio monitor instead ... and i have to say tht me and my husband are amazed by how crystal clear it is -LRB- with everything else in the house plugged in -RRB- ... Sony has really given quality to their monitor .
 Our monitor HUMS LOUDLY !!! I have contacted the manufacturer , who sent us a label to ship the unit , and we received it back today , totally unrepaired , does n't seem like it was even serviced or removed from our box !!!! I am hearing impaired so I figured this would be great to have for the baby since I can not hear him cry without aids or with the use of a monitor . All I hear is the hum from the monitor ALL NIGHT LONG ! The manufacturer gave several excuses for the humming before agreeing to look at it to service , since we did n't open it until the baby was in his crib , 5 months after it was purchased -LRB- which was our mistake -RRB- . I would recommend looking at other manufacturers or just get a sound monitor ! I have come to rely on ours , with no humming !! -LRB- our sound monitor is a 900 mHz , and so is the video monitor . The sound monitor does n't hum . Hmmm ... -RRB- Now I have contacted the manufacturer to find out why it performs so poorly , no one returns calls , emails , anything !!! BUY A DIFFERENT PRODUCT !!!
 I ca n't understand how people rate this as a good problem . Also , I can not understand how they can name it QUIET . It 's not quite at all . We have had lots of interference problems with it . The video is ok if you find the exact position for the antenna but the sound is terrible . We really ca n't rely on it . There has been several time , when our baby is crying , before we actually see him moving . This really upsets me .
 We received this Monitor as a shower gift , having included it in the registry because of the high reviews . Well the first one would n't work at all , the monitor was broken . The second one worked but the picture popped and jumped way too much and this was after 10 minutes of moving and adjusting the monitor and antenna . The sound included a great deal of static , and the pops and screachs matched the jumping picture . We knew we could n't take a day of this let alone 15 minutes so we brought it back for a simple no picture type . Unless you live in the woods and use no other electronic devices we suggest you skip this one .
 This is a FIRE HAZARD . Our outlet cracked in half and melted . We returned for a new model to the local Babies R US store . The manager was shocked and quickly gave us a new set up . In exactly 3 hours the Plug was so hot -LRB- to the touch -RRB- I removed it immediately . I thought it might be my outlet -LRB- come on 2 Bad Video machines ? -RRB- After switching the Outlets the exact same problem started within 1/2 hour . Poor video , terrible HISSING and down right dangerous . DO N'T BUY ...
 What a waste of good money . We received this monitor as a shower gift . I 'd registered for it based on the same glowing reviews you 've read here . Stupidly , I waited several months , -LRB- until we were ready to move our baby out of our room into the nursery -RRB- to hook everything up . The reception is unbeliveably poor . We live in a 1 story , 4 bedroom house with 3 cordless phones . Thinking the phones might be causing our bad reception , I disconnected them all . We found this made absolutely no difference . No matter what channel , or which camera , or room I tried , nothing seemed to work . At last , I hooked the monitor up in the hallway directly outside the baby 's room , and managed to get a constantly rolling , grainy view of the crib . The static was horrible . We will be donating this and buying something more worthwhile - like a $ 19.99 set of Fisher Price audio monitors .
 Our unit is faulty . It worked fine for about a month , but the monitor in our room does not allow for the AC adapter to give power to the unit . The batteries ran out and so did our patience . We have decided to return it and upgrade to the Safety First model .
 My husband and I thought that this would be a great way for us to keep an eye on our newborn but we soon found out that it was not . We could not get a clear picture on the video monitor and we could only pick up static when we tried to use the sound monitor . We tried everything from moving both the monitor and the camera and switching channels , nothing worked .
 I bought this monitor because I wanted to see and HEAR my baby ; and even , turn off the tv and only hear my baby at night , but , as I located the monitor just far away from the camera/microphone , it becomes horrible to hear the baby , it only has static noise on it , and it is very difficult -LRB- if not impossible -RRB- to hear our baby ... it is impossible to wipe off the static even if you located it near or far from the camera ... it does not have any noise filter that could erase that static noise , so , it is NOT a very good choice if you want to hear your baby ... and if you ever try to talk by phone using a wireless phone unit , you will be surprise of all the noise the baby monitor gets ...
 I have bought two of these monitors . With my first child it lasted about 3 months until the screen no longer worked . I tried to return it but since someone bought it for me so early in my pregnancy I could not return it . Next we bought the duel receiver . This one lasted about one year until the screen yet again went out and now we can only get sound . With our third child on the way we will not buy this monitor again . I ca n't imagine spending the money only to have to replace it . For that type of money it should last for years .
 After approximately 8 months of use , my Summer Infant video monitor began distorting the picture to the point where you could not make out what you were seeing on the monitor . I called Summer Infant and they said they would correct the problem as long as it had not been over one year since date of purchase . The company called me about a week after I shipped the camera & monitor to them and told me the fuse had blown in the monitor and it had been corrected . The corrected monitor worked fine for a couple of months until the picture became distorted again . The camera has given us no problems whatsoever , only the monitor . I am currently looking for another brand as a replacement .
 Video monitor distorted at ranges greater than 20 feet . Beyond 20 feet all that can be seen is `` snow '' . Audio has a constant hum at all ranges . Attempted switching channels and disabling electronic devices that would potentially interfere without any success . This monitor performed far below my expectations . Would strongly discourage purchasing this product .
 This Monitor is our 2nd picture Monitor . Compared to our previous -LRB- broken -RRB- monitor , the picture itself is perfectly clear during the night & day . However the static is constant no matter what room we move the monitor to . As long as the volume is on the lowest setting , it reduces the static tremendously . Then we can just barely hear baby , sometimes not at all . We must rely on the flashing red lights to tell whether or not our baby is crying . This monitor would be better for a playroom instead of a baby room .
 I recieved this monitor as a baby shower present . If I knew then what I know now I would never had registered for it !! About 3 weeks after my baby shower I went to open the monitor to get ready for our upcoming baby . When I took it out of the box the antenna was broken off . I went back to Babies R'Us and they gladly swapped it out for me . I brought it home and opened the box and much to my displeasure the same piece was broken off and not only was it broken off the piece was n't even in the box !!! I now have to go back to the store -LRB- yet again -RRB- to see if I can find one that is n't broken . My thought is that anything that costs $ 100.00 and breaks before you even use it is a piece of JUNK !!!
 HORRIBLE reception !!! The reception is very poor to none ! Although I tried everything to adjust this , nothing seems to work . There is a lot of LOUD `` noise '' that interferes with the reception such as a high voltage short or interference within the unit itself . The monitor is fuzzy and unclear . It is very difficult to distinguish what is being displayed on the monitor ; making it very difficult to actually see your baby . The audio is horrible . The audio has a lot of `` white noise '' that interferes with the audio itself ; making it difficult to hear if your baby is crying or not ! There is no purpose to this product but to waste your money .
 This did not work at all do n't buy this and instead get a wired video camera and use a TV .
 We had this monitor for around 8 months . The other day the monitor went out . I unplugged it and plugged it back in , I turned it over to make sure there was nothing wrong with it and the monitor came back on . Within 1/2 hour , a pop and smoke started coming out of it . I 'm glad I was home , could have been real bad . I took it back to Babies R Us and asked if they were aware of a recall on this product and they said no . Also informed them that my product was not the only one that shorted out and started smoking . Got the Safety 1st product on the exchange .
 Like most new moms , I was nervous about putting my son in his crib in another room . I thought the Baby 's Quiet Sounds Video Monitor would be the perfect solution . I bought it today at Target for $ 99 and I will be returning it tomorrow . We have a wireless Internet network and three cordless phones . Even when I unplugged all the phones and turned off the Internet , there was way too much interference in the video monitor . How disappointing ! Maybe this will work for some people , but it did n't for us . I guess we will stick with the plain old Fisher Price sound and light monitors .
 I usually do not write reviews -LRB- good or bad -RRB- , but I am so fed up with this monitor that I had to save someone else the money and frustration . This video monitor is horrible ! The monitor is CONSTANTLY full of static . It does n't matter how far or how close it is from the base , there is never a time when there is n't static . I thought the purpose of the volume was to hear your child , but it is impossible to hear your child over the static . We finally had to just turn the volume down and constantly keep our eye on the video monitor . That is the only way we could tell if he -LRB- our child -RRB- needed us or not . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 We bought this monitor as my husband HAD to have it as he though it was SO cool . However , we have been very disapointed with it . The picture is not very clear especially at night , the receiver is very loud , and the green light that you have to shine at the baby is quite bright and would wake me up ! We ended up buying an audio-only monitor and really like it-plus it was cheaper -- I 'm selling our video monitor on ebay now . !
 After having the product for only 9 months , the product spontaneously began smoking and caught on fire . Luckily , my wife was home and smelled the smoke and was able to disconnect it . This could have been a major catastrophe had it not been caught , as we have three dogs at home that would have been burned to the ground with the house . VERY SCARY product ! Buyer beware.-DS
 This was a shower gift and I was so excited to get it . But right from the beginning I noted that it was an inferior product . The picture left much to be desired and the interference was horrible . I could 've lived with the substandard picture but the lack of clarity in sound transmission was absolutely unacceptable to me . I went online and read the reviews just to make certain that it was n't just me before I returned it . In reading the reviews the Sony monitor kept getting mentioned , so I tried it and WOW -- What a difference !! So , I do n't have a `` video '' monitor but the sound quality of the Sony more than makes up for it .
 Not only was the resolution on this monitor awful , but it quit working after less than a year . Buy something else !
 After reading the reviews we decided to purchase this moniter over the others . It was always blurry , andd the video would disappear . 2mnths later the video portion would not work at all . We thought it was a fluke purchased the same one and within 3mnths it did the same thing . We returned it and purchased the Safty first and have never been happier ... Do n't waste your money on this one ...
 Had to return the item -- no video , poor sound .
 I bought this item before reading the reviews on it and I regret doing so . It has been two days and already the video has stopped working . No matter where we place it , it will not work . We have checked and rechecked the settings and still no picture . The sound works ... but I could have paid a lot less for a traditional baby monitor .
 I read the reviews on this product before buying it . It seems it worked for some wonderfully and not so great for others or not at all . The sound worked great but I could never get a picture at all . I took it back to the store and they said certain brands dont work in certain homes . I thought about exchanging it for another just like it but figured it wouldnt work . I saw the safety first one and it was slightly higher in price but i knew my other regular monitor was safety first and it worked so I bought it and got it home and it worked fine . If you want this monitor I suggest trying it out for yourself in your home instead of just reading these reviews because it does depend on how your house is set up just dont get your hopes up and be prepared to run back to the store to exchange just in case .
 We bought this monitor as well and I can honestly say it 's not worth it ! Too much static interference-you can hardly go 5 mins without static ! Very frustrating . . would not recommend it at all . The only nice feature is that you can see your child , but I keep the volume off of this monitor and use another audio monitor with it in .
 This product is great , no doubt about that . My monitor is a 11/2 years old and the monitor shows no picture now , completely black , and the company wants to charge $ 50 to fix it since it 's no longer warranty . Call me crazy , but for the money I think it should last longer than a year and half ! ... And I had to send one of the video cameras back to get fix , right before the warranty expired . For the money , I 'm buying another system .
 I loved this monitor when I first received it . I think it lasted 6 months for me . I could watch my little one while he slept , especially when I had to let him cry himself to sleep . I knew if he was falling asleep . But I could never get a great reception the antennae would never stay in place it kept falling over . And then the adaptor plug would get really hot and I dropped the plug once on carpet and it just shattered I had to duck tape it back together and then all of a sudden my picture would n't come on any longer . So now I am back to my old listening monitor . I am going to write to the company and see if I can get it fixed . Its so sad that this great monitor was made so poorly . I do n't even think I would waste the money on this . Wait and hope the company improves it first .
 This product worked beautifully for the first seven months . Then the picture went out . I tried contacting -LRB- ... -RRB- for weeks and finally got through by the third week . They charged me another -LRB- ... -RRB- and sent out a replacement monitor . When the monitor arrived , three weeks later , I immediately connected it only to find that the reception was horrible . I now had a monitor that worked without sound . Upon inspection of the replacment , I found that it seemed to have been previously repaired . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The poor reviews for this product are dead on . We rec 'd this monitor as a gift and we are extremely dissapointed . As I write this , I have the monitor on the baby -- in the very next room -- and although the pictures is fairly clear , the static is so loud that you ca n't hear the baby . The visual works from about20 - 30 ' away tops . Anything more than that and forget it . Do n't even think about trying to watch baby from the family room while he/she is sleeping in his/her crib -- unless of course the family room is right next to the room . Bottom line , this monitor is poor quality and basically totally worthless .
 I own a blue Summer Infant monitor and it is great ! The picture is clear and interference is very rare . The built in sound monitor picks up everything , including my baby 's breathing . Much better than smaller more portable screens since I can leave it on a shelf and see it from anywhere in the room . When I wanted a second monitor I ordered the green one because of the price . Once I received it I realized that it is an older model and it was terrible . I could n't get a picture even just a few rooms away in my house . When I did get a picture it was impossible to see what was going on . It also would n't work with my blue system . I could have received a faulty one , but I suggest paying the extra to get the newer , blue model .
 We had this monitor for our first child for 4 years and it worked good except I did n't like that the volume control and the on/off switch were the same so it was hard to get the right volume each night . That was just a small complaint , though . Overall we liked it . Good picture and reasonable price . Well , it broke when we started using it for our second child so we bought the newer Summer monitor at Babies R Us since that was the only model they carried . The volume control was awful . At the lowest setting it was REALLY loud and we could n't sleep . We took that one back and ordered the older Quiet Sounds version we had before ... the picture did n't work . We sent that one back and ordered another ... the sound had a clicking problem . We sent that one back and ordered yet another ... the sound had a clicking problem on that one , too . UGH ! We finally bought a Safety 1st monitor for the higher price at Babies R Us . It works , but the picture is n't as clear as our original Summer . What a pain .
 Not a great investment , I spent a lot of time squinting , trying to make out where my baby was . Half the time I was staring at his stuffed animal thinking it was him ! Do not waste your money on this , wait until technology has advanced a little more in this field .
 Dissappointed that the monitor blew after 13 months of use . Was WELL taken care of and only used at night . Monitor started rolling ... then sparks from the back ... then died ! Wo n't purchase this one again for our second baby .
 The first monitor , right out of the box , did n't work . I took the monitor back and exchanged it for a new one . For the first few months it worked , OK -LRB- I 'd say about two months -RRB- . We always had interference from our cordless phone , but that was n't a big deal . From then on the monitor has been terrible . There is constant interference , from what I have no idea . It is so noisy with static . And when you turn the monitor on for the first time for the night , for about five minutes there is just a black screen with a white line going down the middle . After it finally tunes in the picture , the static continues . If you are going to spend the money , you might as well spend a little more and get a better quality video monitor .
 We received it as a shower gift . We then followed the instructions to attempt to optimize the performance using all combinations of options available . No matter what we did , it 's way way below our expectation - basically , there 's close to no picture and the audio is too bad . We could n't believe a product with such a low -LRB- or no -RRB- quality could be available in the market . We wondered if it was just a defective item so we tried to have it replaced online but were told that it 's not available from the supplier . Not sure if our item -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- can represent the product but if it does , stay away from it !
 I received this as a gift and I am going to return it next week.I would like to alert Toys r Us and consumers about this product ... ok it is a working video and sound monitor , but the supplied power adapter of the monitor is made of cheap plastic housing that cracks from the metal prongs when it gets hot . BEWARE that you may not be electrocuted while unplugging it . please check your equipment ASAP .
 I purchased the Summer Infant handheld video monitor . Big bucks at Babies R US $ 189.00 !!! It worked great for 2 weeks then the video display went out completely . I exchanged it for another one and the video worked OK but it made a horrible popping sound when it was on which drove me crazy in the middle of the night.Also , the unit gets VERY hot when the video is left on . I found I could only use the `` snooze '' button to look at my son otherwise I had to leave the video off for fear I would catch my house on fire ! The monitor claims to be color , but it always looked black and white no matter how much light was in his room.I have now returned the second monitor and opted for the Sharper Image video monitor . It is a little more expensive but well worth the money . Very clear picture , you can actually see the color ! Also does not heat up and is not full of static.Save your money . Either go less expensive with a traditional monitor without video , or spend the extra money and go with Sharper Image .
 Interferes with lots of other things -LRB- mobile phones ? -RRB- and the image is unusable half of the time . Add to this the fact that it 's dead if used at more than 10 meters -LRB- and 1-2 walls between -RRB- and even if there is no sound at all , the thing has some permanent background noise and hisses and pops that makes it unusable as audio monitor too . -LRB- it should have had some sensibility adjustment or `` transmit only when something happens '' feature ? -RRB- The only good thing is the sound strength indicator but it 's a bit expansive if that 's all you can use .
 I used this monitor for about 14 months , and it worked very well . But sure enough , once outside the one year warranty , the picture shrunk on the monitor and it no longer works . I found out the the exact same thing happened to a friend 's unit that was approximately the same age . The company will repair it for $ 50 , which is certainly not worth it considering I already paid $ 100 for a 14-month lifespan.I would recommend not cheaping out and buying something of better quality -LRB- which is what I am doing to replace this -RRB- . I 've had a 5 '' Zenith B&W ; TV for 22 years that still works , so I ca n't see why the picture should go out after 14 months on this thing . No excuse but poor quality .
 The concept is great - however after 6 months , the video image no longer works ... what is the point - any baby monitor will do what this does now ...
 This item is junk !!!!!!!!!!!! The sound is fine , but the picture is TERRIBLE . Spend a little more money and get a better quality monitor .
 We have been through two monitors so far and both have become so hot we have had to unplug them as they were a fire hazard . To make matters worse , when the monitors were on the audio and visual was so poor they were useless . We have made several attempts to contact the manufacturer , however all the recordings say they are having trouble with their phone lines . I imagine it is because the call volume is so high with complaints on this item . Do yourself a favor and look at another monitor as well as a manufacturer that cares about how their customers are treated .
 We received this gift for our shower after friends of ours raved about how great this was . Well I then got it home started to install it had both the camera and the monitor on when I decided to turn the camera off . My wife tells me Honey there is a baby on the monitor . I said yeah right ! She said I 'm not kidding . When I looked at the monitor there was a baby in his crib sleeping and I could even hear his breathing . This really freaked my wife out . Looks like it was picking up someone elses camera frequency . I packed the camera up and back to Babiesrus it went . Imagine if someone really want to peek into your house . Some people might rave about this but I can not think of someone invading my privacy like that .
 The quality of the unit is done well , but the performance was much worse than I anticipated . The monitor operates on the 900 MHZ band , which is used by many devices . The camera was on the second story of our house , and the video monitor was in our bedroom on the first floor about 45 feet away . We also have wireless LAN and wireless phones -LRB- 2.4 GHz and 5.8 GHz -RRB- . Regardless of how much I adjusted antennas and channel settings , the picture and sound quality was very poor . The sound always had a large amount of interference even at very low volume levels . I would not recommend using this product unless the camera and monitor were very close together and other wireless interference was limited . There are higher frequency monitors , so I may try one of those next.The infrared picture worked well - you could see fairly well even though the room had almost no light .
 I was really excited about this monitor . My Safety First monitor broke because we are the clumsiest parents on the face of this earth and have dropped it a bunch of times . After 18 months the thing finally broke . We received this monitor at a baby shower for our second baby . When I turned it on , I was so disappointed to see that it did not compare to the safety first monitor at all . The picture is grainy and so is the sound . There was no way I would be able to sleep with the noise . The next day I returned it to the store and bought another Safety First monitor . Hopefully we will be more careful with it this time .
 Although I could see and hear my child , the camera shines a fairly bright light in the crib . This light disrupted my baby 's sleep pattern for several nights -LRB- I was hoping he would get use to it -RRB- . I returned the product
 After two months of use , our monitor literally went up in smoke . One night , we woke to a burning smell , turned on the light , and saw smoke coming from our monitor . DO NOT leave this product on unattended ... should be recalled .
 watch out for a part inside melting and then burning , we started to smell a burning smell in our bedroom , turn out to be a part inside the video monitor , upon opening the monitor there was a part that was burned to a crisp , thank god we were home or it could have been worse , will contact the CPSC .
 This is by far the worst monitor created . From day one it has never worked correctly . Rather than giving us piece of mind at night , we are constantly playing with the antenna trying to get a picture on the screen . the camera is only down the hall maybe 25 feet from the monitor and still works poorly . Add that to the uncontrollable background static and you have all the ingredients to a sleepless night ...
 I received the Summer Infant Video Monitor as a baby shower gift in August 2002 . When we first started using the product , I wrote to their customer service complaining about the static that was keeping us up at night . They told us to keep the monitor away from electrical appliances , etc. . We tried this , it did n't work . After ten months of use , the monitor broke . The picture turned to snow and then the monitor died . It was never dropped or mishandled in any way . I wrote to them again to let them know that I was extremely disappointed that such an expensive monitor caused so many problems in such a short amount of time . I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 I was so excited when I got this as a gift at my baby shower . I got it home hooked it up and was very disappointed . Snow everywhere I tried it in different parts of the house . I even took the cordless phones out the wall and any devices I thought would cause the interference ; I still received the snow . So I have to take this item back and try something else .
 this unit dose not have the range that the manufacture claims it has , and the background noise is terible . Do n't waste your money on this unit or the Safety 1st unit . Go to Lowe 's and get the 2.4 GHz Sylvania for $ 100 .
 I would probably be angrier about this product , had I bought it myself . But it was a gift and I had nothing to loose . It 's a slick looking unit and a great idea , I just feel like it needs another year or so of improvements before it will meet my expectations.Yes , the plug gets hot , but not to the point of really being a danger -LRB- at least in our case . -RRB- My husband is a fire freak and he said `` As long as it 's not under the drapes , it 's okay . `` And as expected , the reception is very grainy and not at all like looking at a tv . However , it DOES pick up a lot of image in very dim light . That much is impressive.We put three layers of green electrical tape over the little lights on the moniter because as others have mentioned , they are unnessisarily bright!We also have to use another strictly sound moniter with it because the hissing and buzzing created by this unit were too loud.With all this , I am still going to keep it , because it does give me a picture directly into the crib , a whole floor away . And that 's all I really want it for.I have not used it while on my cordless phone and from what I understand , that could bring a whole other set of problems.If I had spent my own money , I would probably return it .
 If my room was next to my daughter 's room , I 'm sure that the picture would be clear and so would the sound . However , I am in a split floor plan house with the bedrooms over 60 feet apart -LRB- that 's why I needed a video monitor -RRB- . The picture is fuzzy . I can see the outline of my daughter . I know that she is moving , but ca n't tell if her face is facing down or up . Most of the time I ca n't hear because of the fuzziness . I had to hook my regular baby monitor in so that I could sleep . I do n't recommend it to anyone -LRB- unless you 're ten feet away -RRB- . I plan to get something else .
 The visual is n't the greatest and the audio is horrible ! We packed it up and returned it . We will most likely buy the 2.4 GHz Black & White Wireless Surveillance System from RadioShack for $ 119.99 . It has 4 channels , can be used with 4 security cameras and is 2.4 GHz !
 I have ben using the Safety 1st video monitor for over a year and LOVE it . My 14 month old got a hold of the camera and broke it so I sent my husband out to buy another one . He accidentaly came back with this monitor , but I figured I 'd use it because it did have the video feature . I 've had it for exactly 5 days now and I do n't like it at all . I must say that the sound is wonderful , but the video is very poor in comparison to the Safety 1st monitor - and that 's when it works . For the past 2 days , during my son 's nap , the monitor will not work . All I get is static . This monitor is terrible and I recommend to anyone who wants a safe and reliable video monitor , to go spend the extra $ 50.00 for the Safety 1st version .
 Great concept but needs tons of work ! The video portion works great , I got a great picture . HOWEVER , the audio was completely useless due to the `` popping '' noise . I also tried moving away from everything electrical and nothing worked . I gave up and returned it .
 We had a problem with our Safety 1st monitor going out after about a year , and when my wife went to exchange it she decided to get this model instead because it was less expensive . WHAT A MISTAKE !!! The reception was horrible . We could n't make out anything on the monitor . Maybe we got a damaged model , I ca n't believe this is the quality of a good unit . My wife returned to the store the next day and got another Safety 1st unit and we are extremely happy with it . There really is no comparison in quality between the two . If possible have the store demonstrate both models for you and you can decide for yourself !
 This is the first video monitor i have ever purchased and I really am not happy with it . My room is about 70 feet from the babys which is why I wanted the video monitor . The only way i am able to get a clear picture is to have the monitor in one of the rooms in the same hall as the camera , about 10feet . As soon as I take it to the kitchen i start to loose picture , and then in my room forget it i ca n't even see where he is in his crib . Then to top it off when the phone rings I get no picture at all .
 Could not get it to work where you could see anything but static
 I just wanted to thank everyone for all there reviews on the summer infant monitor . It really helped me to know witch monitor to get my brother and sister in - law for there first child.All the different review here on amazon help out . It 's nice to know what people think of the different things they buy.thank you Amazon for having this section and for everyone that adds something too it.Tonya
 This monitor is horrible . I just put my daughter in her crib tonight for the first time . She is three months old . All I see is fuzz and all I hear is static . It makes me dizzy just looking at the thing . With all the technology out there ca n't they come out with something better . This will not help me get a good nights sleep because i 'll be checking up on her all night long . I only give it one star because I can hear her making noise if she gets up .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ... If have a cordless phone , a microwave , or intend to walk in front of it . The picture stinks the sound is awful and it 's an all around piece of junk .
 I ordered this because my daughter has one and loves it . I sent this to my daughter in law because she was expecting a new baby . I wanted this to get there in plenty of time . My son ca n't seem to get the monitor to stop rolling . I am hoping you will replace this unit with one that works .
 You would have to be an idiot to buy this . Read below.This piece of equipment is unable to get clear audio reception.We live outside the city with neighbors more than 100 feet away . We have no phones , no anything that uses 900 mhz -LRB- or any other frequency -RRB- . I tried 100 's of different orientations of the monitor and its cord to reduce the static -LRB- which sounds like a machine gun ... ha , try sleeping to that -RRB- . At one point I had it reduced but as soon as the dog came in the room it started firing again.So shoot the dog and you might be alright .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS A TOTAL DISAPOINTMENT FOR US . IT HAS TERRIBLE RECEPTION AND THE PICTURE IS SO UNCLEAR I CA N'T TELL WHAT I AM SEEING . I WOULD NOT RECCOMEND THIS PRODUCT OR ANY OTHER PRODUCT MADE BY THIS COMPANY TO ANYONE , WE HAVE A MOVEMENT MONITOR THAT IS JUST AS BAD . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I thought these would be handy to carry one or two in my purse , &#34; just in case &#34; , but the wrapping came open , the wipes got dirty , and my bag ended up wet ! Terrible product , definitely would not buy again .
 I bought the Avent ISIS pump for use when I went back to work and had been using it w / great sucess . Then one day I forgot my pump and since I live pretty far from work , I decided to run and buy one . I should have just spent the extra $ 15 and got the ISIS pump . The evenflow is a piece of crap . It leaks , the suction 's terrible and it overpumps making a loud annoying noise -LRB- just what you want at work -RRB- . I could also only pump about 1 oz when I 'm usually able to get 3 or 4 . Besides the fact that I thought I was going to get carpal tunnel syndrom when I was done.DON ' T BUY THIS PUMP !!! GET THE AVENT !!
 I bought this pump while still pregnant and threw away the packaging . Now I 'm stuck with a useless product . I have tried several times to use it and am unable to express more than 1/2 oz . of milk ... and that takes a half hour or so to do . And , this is with an extremely heavy milk flow . I also have another pump -LRB- it 's the yellow , manual breast pump , ... also for sale at babies r us -RRB- , and even though alot of work I 'm able to use that one successfuly .
 Barely pumps anything out . Great if you only need to pump a tiny amount till you can breastfeed or pump with another pump .
 This reviewer 's use of words and phrases is quite similar to that found on the company website . This reviewer also does n't share much of her own experience , other than saying `` it 's the best pump ever . `` I personally am not familiar with the pump and ca n't comment on it -LRB- so my star rating is exactly what the current `` average reviews '' indicates -RRB- , but did want to comment on this review ... it might be a totally valid review , but it 's certainly radically different than the other reviewers !
 The worst of the worst , I ended up with more milk in my lap than in the bottle . I had a Avent last time and it was so much better and so much more effecient . I really suggest NOT wasting your money on the Evenflo model !
 I bought this pump after breaking the pump I was given in the hospital when I had my baby . I ca n't beleive what a piece of junk . I was only able to pump about 3 ounces at a time , when I was able to pump at least 5 oz with the other . I am very dissapointed and I feel I have wasted my money . I would have bought the same pump I had gotten in the hospital , which was half the price , but it was n't available in the store I was in .
 Do not wast your time and money w / this pump ! It leaks takes a long time to pump just a little milk . Thank god I got to exchange it ! I 'm now using the isis avent pump and I like it alot .
 I purchased this pump when I went back to work so I could remain breastfeeding . This pump does not encourage the natural let down process and the vacuum adjuster gives either too much or too little suction . The pump also leaks extremeley bad . I went back and purchased the Avent Isis pump , which was a much better investment .
 I bought this a few months before my son was born , so that I would have `` something '' in the house . When I started feeding him , I realized that this one was n't worth it . It leaks badly , and does n't have a very strong suction , even on the highest setting . Also , it is very easy to `` over pump '' the handle , causing the pump to jump its seal and loose strength/power . Not to mention , it 's tiring to use . .
 I have tried 3 types of pumps
 I had been using the Avent Isis but it had cracked , the only one available at the store was this one . I was experienced at nursing/breast pumping for 7 MONTHS so this is experience here.This pump LEAKS - I would pump 4 ounces and 4 would be in the sink , it is hard to use and horrid . It would cause someone NEW to the whole experience to quit . A product that would undermine a Mom 's nursing and a babes HEALTHY development!I emailed Avent - they sent me a replacement part for free & a free sippy cup too !
 This pump is a waste of money . It leaks badly , and makes pumping really hard work . Plus it broke after 6 weeks , and the Evenflow customer care people could care less . Their remedy for a broken pump is to send you a new instruction booklet!I bought the AVENT ISIS - and it 's a joy to use . Save yourself the money and time and just get the avent pump - it 's a better pump and well worth the extra $ $ .
 I would highly reccommend putting out the money for a medela or better brand breastpump . I thought that I was getting a bargain when I picked this breastpump up on sale . I figured it would be great since I planned on pumping only once in a while . Unfortunatley my son had a poor latch on . I was able to use this pump twice , and both times I wore more breast milk then what was in the bottle . Save your money .
 I gave this pump 2 stars only because it produced more milk output than the electic doulble breast pump I used , but it definitely leaks and is not nearly as comfortable nor produces as much milk output as the Isis Manual Breast Pump . Spend the extra money and by the Isis , you will save yourself time , frustration and money in the long run ! I even got this pump on sale and it still was n't worth the money .
 I bought this pump as my second evenflo pump . My first one was the electric one -LRB- that just quit working after 3 uses -RRB- . This pump has failed me several times . It leaks around the top when not held in the EXACT way it says . After having problems with this pump and my other evenflo pump I called the 1-800 number on the box and got a recording 5 different times telling me that they were experiencing `` high call volume '' and could I try my call again at a later date . I was then disconnected . I would n't recommend this pump to anyone . If you are deciding on breastfeeding and are going back to work after your maternity leave , I highly suggest investing in a better pump . I thought I was getting a bargain for the price , but I got what I paid for ... twice . Do n't be affraid to spend the extra money once instead of three times like myself .
 When I went back to work , I used the Avent ISIS pump and have had great success w / it . One day , I forgot to bring my pump to work and since I live pretty far away decided to run to the store and pick up something as a spare . What a disappointment !! I wish I had just gone ahead and spent the extra $ 15 and got another ISIS . Nothing is good about this pump . It leaks , it 's incredibly inefficient -LRB- I usually get 3-4 oz and got only a 1 oz in the same amount of time and felt like I had carpal tunnel -RRB- , it 's easy to overpump and it makes this annoying noise.Stay away from this thing !!
 I really wanted this stroller b/c I wanted one that had the option to face forward or towards mom and dad . The look of this is great , the color is great , it 's definitely comfortable and has a lot of nice features , but I have gone nearly insane getting my frame to open and close and getting it into my Prius . We are constantly in and out of the car living in L.A. , and it 's super aggravating to have to constantly struggle with the side latches on the handle that make the thing collapse . Also , because it 's two pieces , the seat part has to sit on the dirty ground and/or be leaned up against the car while you collapse the frame . Also , our big wheels are completely bunk , both lost air after only a few dozen strolls and the little caps on the valves got striped and fell off , so now I 'm trying to track someone down at Bugaboo who can help me get them replaced , hopefully they 'll be cool about it and send me new ones without a fight . On a good note ... having a stroller with a bassinet is pretty great , and if you watch the video that comes with , there are a lot of things you can do with this . But if you 're in a big city moving around a lot or in and out of a smaller car , I 'd recommend looking at the Bugaboo Bee , which also can face both ways , but is one piece and more easily collapsable . No bassinet with that one , but a lot easier to deal with I 'd say .
 I think the design is a great idea , but was a little frustrated when the poles that hold the top together kept popping out and apart - I had to take it apart and tape them together . Also this is not easy for a newborn to `` nest '' in - they can not lay completely and are uncomfortable propped up . I will try it again when she 's older , but right now it seems like a waste of money
 This item is not worth what you pay ... it is way overpriced . I was excited to get this item until I had to put it together . The center has to be blown up with air and then inserted into the cloth cover . What a task !!! You have to blow it up according to age and try to fit into the small zippered area they give you . Once you have accomplished this , you must next wrestle with the plastic poles to create the posts to hang the colorful accessories . This was impossible . They were not very flexible , and once you got one together the others would disconnect . VERY frustrating !!!!! Needless to say ... I did not get much use out of this and my daughter now just plays with just the accessories .
 The playnest without the gym is EXCELLENT . The Gym farm is TERRIBLE . I bought this for my infant twins , thinking the gym would encourage them to reach and sit up more.I specifically bought the playnest with the gym for this reason.The gym farm must be put together , which actually is very simple.Eash leg consists of two plastic `` pipes '' that connect with one smal hollowed out pipe . The four legs connect at the top to another piece of plactic that has four hollow pipes . As you see in the picture it sorta looks like a spider before you connect it to the actual play next.Once connected to the playnest the pipes are pulled downward so the poles seperated ... it NEVER stayed together.We even tried duck taping the pieces so the girls could sit under it . This still did not work . I was VERY DISAPPOINTED !! The playnest itself is wonderful . Actually , its one of their favorites toys in the nursery . Now that they are crawling , they climb in and out of it , flip it over and lay in it , bounce on the sides.If I would have known how poorly this would have stayed together I would have saved the extra money I spent on the Gym and just bought the playnest .
 I saw this item and just had to have it ! I run a daycare so it get a lot of use . There is one BIG PROBLEM ... the tubes inside the sleeves never stay inside the attaching tube ! I HATE having to fix it at least 2 or 3 times a week . I thought to return it , but it would have been more of a hassle to return it and the children I have in the daycare LOVE it . So I fix the darn thing ! I would n't recommend getting this product unless you have time to fix it over and over again .
 I can not get this thing to stay together . As soon as I put one bar in , the other bar falls apart . I guess I need superglue ? Did anyone else have this problem ???
 We live in nyc and this was a huge toy plus our daughter liked it only for 11/2 months . Now at 6 months she wants to dive out the side and land on her head !
 I purchased this at Christmas for my then two-month old daughter with the hopes that she 'd enjoy it as she grew older . As I write this review , the arch is sitting in the garbage . I actually ca n't believe this manufacturer would have the guts to put such a shoddy product on the market . As many other reviewers have noted , the arches do not stay together AT ALL . On one occassion , for no reason , one arch collapsed while my daughter was sitting in the innertube and the plane and the poles fell in on her head . It did n't hurt her because obviously this is made of very lightweight material but it has become a maddening experience for both my husband and I . We have resorted to using the canopy from her Gymini as a substitute , which is why we finally tossed the arches that came with the playnest . It 's actually a shame , since when it 's put together -LRB- and you do n't move it , touch it , or breathe anywhere near it -RRB- it 's actually pretty cute . Do n't waste your money .
 The idea is great and the pictures make it look like the ideal toy ... which is why I spent the $ 70 . But I ca n't get the bars together to make the arches and my daughter has n't spent a minute using this $ 70 toy.Cathi
 Although it looks nice online , I was disappointed once it was delivered . I do n't thing it 's worth the -LSB- price -RSB- I paid for it . It was cheap in it 's look and feel .
 i would not reccommend this for babies who can reach the toy bar as it is easlily collapsed when the toys are pulled . I did however like the blow up tube , it kept my son from falling over before he could sit safely on his own .
 I received this as a shower gift , and was very excited to get to use it . The pictures , fabrics , and toys are so bright and colorful . Once I got the whole thing put together , my daughter just loved it ! At 5 weeks old she would just lay inside the big comfortable tube and stare wide eyed at all of the bright , smiley faced toys!My problem with it was that the tubes that hold the toys up -LRB- I guess that 's the gym part ? -RRB- kept popping apart ! Every day I was pushing those tubes back together . It even came apart a couple of times when she was in it playing -LRB- with me standing right there , of course -RRB- . I thought about using some strong tape -LRB- like duct tape -RRB- to tape the tubes together , but then I figured for the amount of money that my friends paid for this toy , the manufacturers could have come up with a better design than having to push & interlock 8 small cheap plastic tubes together ! I finally got sick of it falling down all the time and returned it to Babies R Us . It really was a shame because like I said , the baby really loved it !
 We received this as a gift and I have not been impressed . I 'm just glad I did n't pay for it . It is impossible to inflate unless you get an automatic air pump . Then , good luck fighting to make it fit inside the sleeve . The worst part is getting the arches to form and stay . My two year old barely taps it and it caves in on her little brother . You form the arches but by the time you get one arch done and begin to work on the other , the first arch falls apart . It is not flexible . The design is insane . It is also very large , so I hope you have ample room because you ca n't take it down unless you want to struggle with the silly arches and disinflate the thing - trust me , you do n't !
 I ca n't believe this thing is on the market . Where is the Consumer Product Safety Commission on this one ?? I used this exactly once for my 3 month old son . I walked out of the room to use the bathroom -LRB- gone literally 90 seconds -RRB- , and came back to find him tipped over nearly facedown , with his face trapped up against the side and bottom of the inside of the ring . He had wiggled his little body just enough to turn and get stuck , and did n't yet have the neck strength to lift his head away from the side so he could breathe . I can see how this product could be fun for a baby , but not at the expense of his or her safety ! There 's nothing worse than seeing your child gasping for air , especially in a toy that is supposed to entertain and amuse them . From reading the reviews here I see that this has happened to other babies . I would NEVER put my child in something like this again . Do yourself a favor and avoid this product .
 This tube just is n't safe to turn your back on ! Because the sides give , a baby 's face could get trapped . It 's a pain to inflate and the toys fall over . It just does n't offer long-term use . I bought The Sitting Square and love it much better . It taught my daughter how to sit up and crawl and offered a safe nest-like area for her to play in . My older children love it too ! They read in it and watch videos !
 Got this as a baby present - also thought it looked cheap but interesting and more dynamic than the typical gymanee . BUT the thing is made terribly ! The poles fall down on my babies head all the time & that was before he was able to reach & pull at themon his own . I 'm bringing it back to the store & hoping for some credit , otherwise I 'll be trashing it .
 I was very disappointed with this product , as well as the two other versions -LRB- 2.1 and 3.1 -RRB- that we tried . Way too bulky and heavy - not at all what I expected based on other reviews and research I did online . My child did not like it at all either - uncomfortable in the crotch area and my childs legs got banged up on the pieces of metal on the base of the carrier . Funny that nothing I read mentioned that there were strips of metal on the bottom , which I guess are supposed to make if more sturdy and sit on the ground easier . Who knows . Anyway , they hurt my child 's legs . We returned this item , but also had some difficulty because the seller claimed they never received any of the emails I sent to them through Amazon .
 What was pictured when I bought this dude diaper bag was NOT what came in the mail . I had to return it .
 This is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . To enough room for diapers etc. .
 What was pictured when I bought this dude diaper bag was NOT what came in the mail . I had to return it .
 This is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . To enough room for diapers etc. .
 I liked this chair at first , but I was a new mom and really did n't know what else was out there . The biggest problem for me is that the straps have never been snug enough to keep my daughter seated . As soon as she learned how to stand up , she was always climbing out of it -LRB- even when you make the straps as tight as possible -RRB- . Even now , at 21/2 years old , she still gets right out of the 5-point harness without unbuckling it . Very dangerous and I can never take my eyes off of her . I do agree with the other reviewers that it is very hard to clean and you have to wash the tray by hand because it is so big . I took the pad off months ago and it 's ugly but at least I can just wipe it . I am now pregnant with my 2nd and will be looking for a different chair . This one is just too annoying . The wheels are its best feature and that 's not saying much . You think you need a recliner , but you really do n't .
 This chair certainly has some great features - comfort , adjustable heights , recline , folding , etc. . However , it 's so hard to keep clean ! Cloth is simply a bad idea for a high chair - it literally has to be washed daily . For a particularly messy meal , you 're out of luck for the next meal . But , even worse are the straps ! the lower strap can not be removed and since it 's in the lap area gets FILTHY . there is virtually no way to clean it . the upper straps can be removed if you have a ton of time and patience . Overall , not a great design for something that gets used so often in such a messy context !
 When I first took this high chair out of the box and set it up I was in love with it . I really liked how adjustable it was and the fact that it had wheels so it was easy to roll around the kitchen . The base is also very sturdy . -LRB- or WAS sturdy . -RRB- Over time though , the chair has sort of fallen apart . I was hoping to use it with my next baby who is due in December , but I 'm going to have to throw it away and buy a new one . The very first time I washed the cloth seat cover , the padding inside became tangled and bunched up . I could n't smooth it out so now the seat of the chair is lumpy and uneven . -LRB- Obviously it 's not very comfortable for baby . -RRB- The latching mechanism at the top that holds the chair in position seems to have worn out . Sometimes it looks uneven like the chair is tipped to one side . I have to pull it back into position and listen to hear the `` click '' . We have only had the chair about 12 months , and it has been lightly used -LRB- it has n't been moved around a lot or manhandled . It just sits in my kitchen and my son goes in and out of it at meal times . -RRB- Overall I 'm very disappointed with this product .
 I 've had this high chair and used it for about 6 months now . After washing according to directions , this thing has basically fallen apart.The stuffing in the pad is so mounded up my daugther hates sitting in it . I have to use alternative means to get her to sit in it now . The straps are horrible to clean and take about 45 minutes to pull out and put back in , with tools.The reclining position is n't reclining all that well . It 's loud , creaky , makes a big `` snap '' noise -LRB- horrible if she 's dozing off for a few -RRB- and gets stuck now!I 'd give it less than 1 star if I could.The company said they 'd `` fix '' it but I 'd have to go without it for 2 weeks . When I said that was n't acceptable `` JEFF '' from baby trend got a very mean nasty attitude and refused to give me anyone elses contact information . I asked for it several times , he even `` DARED '' me to contact the BBB . -LRB- They 're in canada , so probably do n't care about our rules over here -RRB- The product is not only horrible , but so is the customer service person , Jeff . I 've never met more unprofessional person in my life , and one that expects a mom to go 2 weeks without her high chair that 's basically falling apart is absurd!I recommend the fisher price chairs . Vinyl , easy to disassemble .
 I can only think that the people who gave this high chair positive reviews have n't owned theirs for very long . After two months of use , I have found the following problems :1 -RRB- Tray is too high . It 's armpit-height on my child , and he 's 33 inches tall -LRB- i.e. the size of a two-year-old -RRB- .2 -RRB- Seat cover is impossible to clean . All those gathers and seams absorb crumbs and smears after just one meal , and the cover is drip-dry only !! Furthermore , after only one machine washing -LRB- on the gentle cycle , as directed -RRB- the padding inside bunched up and could n't be straightened out .3 -RRB- Seat pad fell apart . The plastic-covered foam padding came apart at the seams just from being sponge-cleaned , and the velcro strips that were supposed to attach the pad to the chair shifted and eventually fell off .4 -RRB- The bottom seat strap could not be removed for cleaning . It got gross and stinky , and I ended up having to cut it off .5 -RRB- Since it 's impractical to use the seat cover , and the seat pad fell apart , there 's a huge gap between his chest and the tray . So food ends up all over his lap.I am not obsessively clean , nor do I brutalize my possessions , yet these problems developed within just a few weeks .
 This highchair has great features BUT it has a fluffy cloth seat ! The seat has become an absolute nightmare to clean with all the crevices and has to be put in the washer almost every day . Give your baby one piece of toast and it disgusting ! It is n't supposed to go in the dryer so you ca n't use the highchair whilte it is airdrying . Very poor design . If the chair pad was different I probably would recommend it.Another consideration is Baby Trend is not customer friendly . I looked on their website for a vinyl chairpad and found none . I call the 800 number and they say I have to go on the website to print out a form and email them in order to order it . Over 2 weeks and still have n't received it.I also agreed the tray is too high .
 I registered for this because of the great reviews both here and in the baby bargains book , but my daughter barely cleared the tray while sitting in the seat - so I had to use an inexpensive booster seat . She is now one , and still , the tray is very high for her and she is constantly needing a boost up .
 Based on so many positive reviews , we purchased this chair . While there are some positives , I found that it was very difficult to keep clean . The pad -- which ca n't be put in the dryer -RRB- never dried out over night after washing . I ended up taking the pad off -- huge mistake ! While it was easier to clean up the vinyl , food would get caught under the vinyl pad , sticking to the adhesive . Also , the pad slid and changed positions , never to return to the correct place . There are plenty of crevices for food to get stuck in . The straps were disgusting . My chair ended up smelling mildewy . Save yourself the trouble -- buy a molded plastic high chair -LRB- who needs to recline the baby in a high chair after eating anyway ? -RRB- for the first few months , then move on to a booster chair . Life is much much nicer with the booster .
 We registered for this chair because it seemed to have great features . We like the looks , the removable tray insert , the wheels and the reclining seat.However , there are a couple of big negatives . The tray comes up too high . Also , the way the seat is designed , it allows and even encourages slouching ! It also does not bring my son close enough to the tray . I would not recommend this seat !
 I read the reviews for this high chair and thought the positive comments far outweighed the negative ones , so I bought it . Big mistake ! For me the cons far outweigh the pros of this chair . My biggest annoyance , now that my daughter is feeding herself , is that the chair cover is hard to clean . After several washings the cover looks very faded . If you have a messy eater then this chair is n't for you.Pros-tray easy to remove-folds up easily-reversible chair cover-reclines and height adjustCons-cover hard to keep clean-tray does n't fit in dishwasher-tray too high - does n't work with our table -LRB- high chair has to be adjusted so low that my daughter 's eyes are level with the table -RRB-
 I really loved this chair for the first few months . Because it reclines and has straps , we were able to put our daughter in the chair to join us at the table starting at three months . I was very happy she could be a part of the family dinner time , she could observe all that was going on and be at our level which I feel was important . However , she was not eating food then , so I had no real clean up . Now at 12 months , we both dread this chair . I have to agree with others , the chair cushion clumped after washing and it 's no longer comfortable . There are so many nooks and crannies , I literally wheel the chair outside after every meal and hose it down . Especially in the foot rest area . The straps are caked with food . I do n't think a Mom was consulted when designing this chair . Thirty dollars plus shipping for a second cover , that will probably also bunch up after washing . When it 's time for baby to eat , this chair just does n't perform .
 I agree with alot of the reviews - the seat bunches up after one wash -LRB- and hung dry -RRB- . It 's so frustrating . The stitching has also started coming undone after maybe 5 washes . I emailed the company who said they would send me a replacement `` this time '' -LRB- like it was my fault it 's bunching up -RRB- . When I asked about how to prevent this , the customer service rep said to not put it in the washing machine . My daughter can cover the seat with baby food in one sitting . I bought it specifically so I could put it in the washing machine . I am very disappointed in this highchair . I would definitely NOT recommend this chair for anybody who wants to wash the cover .
 I agree with all the comments about the chair tilting , lack of customer service and the chair pad wadding up . Our chair leans to one side but we ca n't figure out how to fix it -LRB- assuming it 's fixable -RRB- . Also , I have tried to order a replacement cushion through Babytrend . Their website shows most of the seat covers as out of stock except 2 , one vinyl and one cloth . When I tried to buy the only cloth one , nothing would add to my cart . So , I called them and was told that they were out of stock and I could try back in a month or two ! Huh ???? How is any reputable business out of stock for that long ? And what am I supposed to do until then ? All in all , this chair is not worth it -- I 'll buy a new chair and tell everyone I know about my experience . There are too many other goods ones out there to choose from .
 The seat belt system is dangerous ! When you remove the shoulder straps the little holes where they attach to the lap belt becomes dangerous . Being a curious child my daughter would get her fingers into the little holes and on several occasions I nearly ripped her little fingers off trying to take her out of the seat while her fingers were inside the little holes . In addition , I had purchased this high chair in a different fabric and washed the seat cushion cover immediately upon purchase . The cover has plastic inserts in it which do not work very well in the wash . The fabric looked worn out and old after just one wash . -LRB- We had inherited a 4 year old Peg Perego for my other twin and that fabric has held up through numerous washes and still looks great and peopel actually thought that was the newer highchair ! -RRB- Also , the seat back on the Baby Trend was crooked where my daughter was always leaning to the right . We could n't get the seat to sit up straight . The tray was always very difficult to put in . We returned it and purchased a Peg Perego and are very satisfied.Baby Trend should use actual babies in the chair when they design the chairs so that they know what works and what does n't . Also , they should actually try and wash their seat covers before claiming it is machine washable ...
 After reading all the reviews , I immediately put this highchair on my baby registry . It looks great , has all the wonderful features everyone says and is very comfortable . The tray and the cloth padding are easy to wash BUT not the seatbelt . The safety bar that goes between the legs ca n't be removed easily . When my baby got older , she got messier and there was always food stuck on the belts or in the creases . When she was 15 months old , we bought a plastic one for under $ 18 . I wash that all the time . I will get another plastic one for my second baby .
 The manufacture 's site states that the tray can be removed so that the chair can be pushed up to a dining room table . My wife and I tried this configuration this evening . Within 5 minutes , my seven month old daughter had managed to get her arm wedged in the two inch gap between the plastic arms where the tray attaches to the chair and the legs of the chair . Had she jerked or twisted the wrong way , we would have been in the emergency room this evening.My wife spent over 40 minutes on the phone with manufacture describing the problem and requesting a warning be offered about using the high chair without the tray . The response was to roll up towels and place them in the gap . It seemed that this was a rehearsed response and the manufacture indeed knows about the problem . Where is the warning ?
 We tried this with two kids and it did n't work out for either . Even though our kids are tall for their age - very tall - they sat so low that the tray was up to their armpits . It 's easy to clean and store , and quite sturdy , but useless given the fit .
 I 'm disappointed in this chair because I think Baby Trend usually makes good products . While it is easy to use , it seems geared toward bigger kids . My 10-month old always falls to the side of the chair and the tray is too high on her chest -LRB- she 's average height and has been sitting up for months -RRB- . I have been able to get food stains out of the fabric by washing the entire cover on Delicate cycle and then air-drying . However , the cushion on the bottom has bunched up inside the fabric and I have not been able to flatten it out.My nephew has a Graco Contempo , which my daughter has used , and I like it much better because she sits up higher and the tray comes right to her at the appropriate height . When my daughter is done with this chair , I think I 'll sell it in a garage sale and get a Graco for the next kid .
 I got this as a shower gift , and also loved all its features . But after owning it for almost a year now and many many washes the padding fell apart , and the batting fell out . Baby Trend was not all that plesent to deal with , and after waiting almost 6 weeks for a replacement pad i was very upset to recieve it with the seams torn and the batting again coming out.All Baby Trend offered to do was to again replace the pad ... but this should be recalled before someones child chokes on it loose materials .
 I have a 15 month old son & have used this highchair for a year now . This is the only purchase I regrete . I will step up & spend the money on the absolute nicest one for my next baby & it would have saved me money in the long run . Do you really want to wash a pad in the wash every day ??? I do n't !! Never . . never by fabric on a highchair . Yes , it does wash very well & still looks good ... but I have other things I need to do . My son is very tall but the tray is too high for him . It looks very uncomfortable . My friend could not feed her 7 month old in it yesterday because her little head came up to the tray . I also hate putting the tray on . . you have to line it up perfectly & I still have problems with it . All my friends highchairs are so much easier . I did like the looks of it until I finally removed the fabric pad for good ! Now it is ugly . The only good things I can say are ... I love the wheels , & the removable tray -LRB- which most highchairs have -RRB- . Spend your money somewhere else . This will be the most used baby product you will buy !!!
 but if I had to choose a chair again I woulnd ' t buy this.We bought this chair for our 1st child and now our 2nd child is using it . My biggest complaint is the seat cover -LRB- I have the Tahoe print that is no longer available -RRB- ; I washed the cover on delicate and hung it to dry just like the directions said and the batting in seat bunched up from the start . I would also think twice before ever buying another highchair with a fabric cover . I also feel that the tray it too high for my daughter to properly eat at the age of 1 -LRB- and she is in the 95 % for height -RRB- so I put a mini phone book under the seat cover which has helped tremendously . I have just purchased a new seat cover -LRB- the Malawi one that is vinyl on one side -RRB- and I am hoping that this one is of better quality than the last.Pros : Rolls fairly easyStores compactlyRemovable tray makes cleaning easierCons : Fabric cover is cheap and bunches up -LRB- even when hung to dry -RRB- The chair is a pain to clean upCustomer service is a pain to deal with . Their forms are difficult to find and are n't very informative , and when you do e-mail them question they do n't always respond .
 I can not stand this highchair ! It was way to difficult to clean . The tray sits up to high for baby ! I went with another one after using this one for 6 months !
 For the most part my wife and I are pleased with our high chair . The big exception has to do with the reclining option . Our chair has always had a problem with locking into a place . This presents a safety hazard if you think the chair is locked in the upright position and is not fully locked into place . My son , through normal movement , was able to jar the chair loose from the upright position and subsequently found himself in the fully reclined position . My wife tried to communicate with `` Jeff '' on numerous occasions with increasing frustration ... `` Jeff 's '' final communication was condescending and rude.I am glad to see others feeling our pain ... even with the same customer service individual . Jeff 's horrible customer service has motivated us to do whatever we can to spread the word . Hopefully , company reps will see their customer service person is hurting sales . For those looking for more contact information ... They are in Ontario , California ... not Canada .
 I thought my research uncovered the perfect chair , but my gal is almost a year old , and this thing still makes her look like Lily Tomlin in the giant rocker . Yes , it 's assembled and flexible , and yes , the navy blue plaid we chose was n't too obnoxious , but my $ 16 booster is the bomb . -LRB- When we 're not traveling , it lives in our daughter 's kitchen chair . -RRB- Oh , and the removable top tray is a nice idea , but it was too big for our standard-size dishwasher . I 'm selling this thing . On a bright note , line-drying the cushion is n't a big deal and should n't hinder you from purchasing this if your heart is set on a rolling plastic monstrosity clad with ruffle .
 The tray comes up too high for our 10 month old son and the seat really does promote slouching . The cushiony seat cover can not be put in the dryer , that is a huge inconvenience.I should have bought a different highchair , now I am looking for a better one on ebay ! Good luck !
 We got this because we liked the pattern . The tray is way to high for our son . I do n't think it was designed correctly . Also it is a pain to wash . Food , etc. gets into every part of the highchair that you did n't even know was there . We ended up taking it back and are now using a feeding chair that straps to our kitchen chair .
 I 've read the other reviews here , so I decided to buy this seat for my 6 month old daughter , after being a veteran of Roundabout seats for my much older two boys . I used their Roundabouts until they were both almost 4 -LRB- then switched to the Graco high back booster -RRB- so I was more than happy to buy a new Britax for my surprise daughter :-RRB- . As soon as I got it home and quickly installed it in my car -LRB- I 'm used to doing this though -RRB- , I put my daughter in it and saw that the buckle is WAY TOO CLOSE TO THE BACK OF THE SEAT ! She 's 6 months old , 16lbs , and ca n't fit ! She was practically sitting on the buckle , which I did n't expect , since the Roundabouts are n't built so poorly with this huge design flaw . The Roundabout 's buckle is closer to the outside edge of the seat , so that baby can grow with the seat.She hated this Marathon - it was n't even plush or comfy like the Roundabout.NO WAY could any baby be in this until they are 65 lbs -LRB- or even 25 lbs -RRB- ... my 7 year old is only 60 lbs , and at 75 % of his height/weight ratio . Unless you have a bigger , younger child , but even then s/he would n't fit the seat because the buckle is too far back into the crotch . And no 4 year old wants to be in a baby seat , at 40lbs . Not only that , but I have a Toyota minivan and it was so huge that it barely fit in it in the rear-facing position . Too big for the captain 's seats . My other two kids could n't get around it . So I thought , maybe it 's just my weirdo Japanese Toyota -LRB- which is one of the most popular and safest minivans around -RRB- . So I asked my daughter 's babysitter -LRB- next door neighbor -RRB- to try it , who promptly hated it - she could n't fit it in her Dodge Dakota SUV!I 'm just writing this as a car seat veteran to help you all save your money and a big headache in a few months when your babies turn 1 -LRB- or earlier -RRB- and ca n't fit the seat any longer . Or when you go to buy your minivan , it wont fit.I promptly returned this to BRU and got the Britax Roundabout , which not only has more padding than the Marathon , but I got it in a much cuter and more sturdy fabric -LRB- Aloha -RRB- . And my daughter did n't scream bloody murder by me digging in her little private area just to get her buckled ... I ca n't imagine how traumatic this seat will be to babies whose parents have to dig in their crotches just to get them buckled!If you 're going to drop more than $ 200 on a good carseat that will last you for years , be safe , and has good resale value when you 're done with it -LRB- I got over $ 100 each on the other two Roundabouts when they were 4 years old -RRB- , buy a Roundabout . These Marathons will start to show up on eBay with the captions of `` Like new , just bought 4 months ago and ca n't return , too small for my baby and too big for my car ! '' Most likely , in about a year or two , they will no longer be making them -LRB- or do a huge redesign -RRB- due to the high return/complaint rate.Just a note , when I took this back to my BRU , I asked if they 'd seen a high return rate for these . They said YES , that people were really disappointed in them because their babies would n't fit or it would n't fit in their cars ! The male clerk said he tells everyone not to even bother with this seat and to get the Roundabout . So I asked where he was when I bought this joke !
 What was pictured when I bought this dude diaper bag was NOT what came in the mail . I had to return it .
 This is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . To enough room for diapers etc. .
 I purchased this a while back to train for a half marathon , while pushing my baby . I have many issues with this . The biggest being it is WAY too big . Do n't plan on putting it in your car , because it wo n't fit -LRB- And I have an SUV -RRB- . It does n't fold down . The only thing you can do is take off the front wheel and that does n't even help much . So unless you plan on starting your run from your driveway , thats the only way you are gon na get it to travel anywhere with you . I am a small person , and I ca n't help but feel like I am pushing a tank as I am jogging down the street . It is a bit awkward to handle as well . I really do n't recommend this stroller at all , especially if you are a petite person .
 I paid $ 299 for this from Wholesale direct . They have great customer service , but I ended up paying $ 130 to return the stroller . I was so sure I 'd love it and not need to return it . They currently have one available for $ 449 , same thing . I got a good deal but I returned it because it would not turn . I am out money , but I just wanted to get rid of it!So , I am torn with this stroller . It folds like a dream , and no parts scrape with folding/unfolding . It fits tall kids -LRB- I am thinking a 6-year-old could ride -RRB- . Not best for babies under 6 months . But older babies would be OK . But , I could not push it even three feet . It pulled to one side and DID NOT TURN AT ALL . You can not just press down on the handlebar , that does n't do a thing . You can lift up both back wheels , but ouch for your back ! Also , you need to unrecline the seats to fold which is a pain.I wonder how this stroller got put into production . It is beautiful and in every other way perfect , but I knew I would NEVER use it because the thing simply can not be pushed . I mean , who goes in a straight line all the time ? I could not even get it out of my neighborhood . Note the company Dreamer Design went out of business so there is no warranty or customer service either.The older model RPS Dreamer Design double was wonderful -LRB- we had that -RRB- . It is just hard to fold .
 Bought Happi Tummi with the hope of some relief to our 4 week old 's colic symptoms . Did n't seem to do anything except spread a pleasant chamomile scent
 I hate to give this products bad review because it is definitely a high quality product ... however the first time I used it on my infant daughter she squirmed and her rash got redder . By later that same day , I used it on her again and she immediately launched into a horrifying pain scream which lasted until I removed her diaper , wiped off the product and put Burts Bees diaper cream on her . It was a traumatizing experience for us both ; I felt terrible for causing her pain.Perhaps I can repurposed it as a hand salve for myself or something , but it is definitely not going on my children 's rear ends again .
 Despite the many positive reviews on the ColicCalm website , this product does n't work for me . My baby has Acid Reflux and I tried ColicCalm unsuccessfully on three occassions and all I got was a pile of black stained clothes . As the reviewer before me warned , be sure to put a bib on your baby before giving this to him/her because this stuff does stain !
 I bought this stroller based on some reviews . The majority were good including Consumer Reports . But a couple reviews mentioned this poor sitting position . The stroller has an adjustable seat but in the full upright position you can very lightly pull back on the seat and it will drop right down to a 45 degree position . The very motion of my toddler getting in to the seat and sitting back , for example , was enough to push the seat back . I returned the unit . Luckily , Amazon has this postage paid -LRB- Amazon picks up the bill -RRB- return option .
 I bought this stroller for my upcoming travels , needing a maneuverable and lightweight but sturdy stroller . When the Graco IPO arrived I had to do some minor assembly including putting on the wheels which I could not complete because the push-in locking assembly for one of the rear wheels was stuck inside the leg , making it impossible to securely attach the wheel . So it went back that night . I got a Maclaren Volo instead , which requires virtually no assembly , is smaller , and is more maneuverable although I found the Graco IPO to be easier to fold and unfold and I preferred the darker fabric . I do n't think the Maclaren is completely worth the price , but for me so far it is better than the Graco IPO .
 Do n't waste you money ! Recieved the stroller and used twice before the handle cracked and it squeaks so bad that I could n't stand it . Back was constantly falling down and my daughter only weighs 20 lbs . Poor design !
 I would love nothing more than to give this stroller five stars , but once again I am completely disappointed by a Graco stroller . This is our fourth Graco stroller . You would think by our third child we would have learned our lesson , but the cute fabric and cheap price lured us in . Here is what my husband and I would tell our friends : Positive :1 . The fabric is cute and after a year is holding up well .2 . ummm ... trying to think of something else nice to say . Guess we 'll just have to move on?Negative :1 . I want to cuss at the canopy because it will NOT stay on . My husband keeps throwing it to the side but I keep insisting on putting it back on to shield our son from the sun . After a few minutes our 13 mo old just pulls it off anyway . SO annoying ! 2 . The stroller does not fold and unfold properly . Not sure if it 's just mine but it 's never worked right ... but then again this is my fourth Graco and eventually they all did the same thing .3 . The tires will not work on smooth surfaces . Mall ? Grocery store ? Imagine kicking the tires to try to get them to roll or turn or WORK .4 . The seat recline worked great at first but now it does n't quite go all the way up.Do yourself a favor and buy something else !
 The construction of this stroller is sturdy and relatively lightweight . Our main issue with it is when it 's in the recline position our 2 year old , who is about 36 '' and 30lbs , her head would be almost over the top of the stroller . And there 's this `` pouch '' for the head that just fits her current height , so I ca n't imagine how a 35-50lb child would fit comfortably in the IPO . I 'm sure this stroller is great for pre-toddler children , but we were looking for something light and maneuverable for the occasions when our toddler is tired and wants to rest . Maybe they should advertise this as up to 50lbs and up to 36inches .
 I received this stroller as a gift . Even before using it for the first time , the back seat stays collapsed in the horizontal position.The customer service told me the would send a new piece , but I have doubts it will work since I read in many reviews that it does not solve the problem.I am REALLY disappointed with Graco.Bottom line
 I was excited when I found this stroller . I thought it was a great price for a reclining umbrella stroller but this is a case of you get what you pay for and the low price is not a value . The canopy on this stroller is terrible , that is my biggest complaint . I have since replaced it with a Baby Planet stoller .
 I bought this stroller for it 's wider frame and compactness . I had this stroller for about three months and was very satisfied ... then the seat started to recline whenever my son was sitting in it . We had to use a bungy cord to hold the seat in an upright position . I tried to return it to the store I had bought it from but it had exceeded the 45 day return policy . Graco is replacing the fabric portion of my stroller but I have no doubts that the same thing will happen after a short time of use . At $ 130.00 I consider this stroller to be a very expensive piece of garbage .
 I loved everything about this stroller , but I noticed after a few uses that the front wheel does not touch the ground , so the stroller veers off to the left constantly . I have 4 boys , so I need something that I can push with one hand , and it was very hard to push . I returned it BRU with full intentions of getting another one , but noticed the floor model was doing the same thing , and the one at Target did the same thing as well . I am disappointed because everything else about the stroller was great !
 I looked at Consumer Reports and reviews on-line before purchasing this stroller . I was not happy with how heavy it was and the shade comes off everytime you close up the stroller -LRB- the only good thing is that it closes up compact and very easy -RRB- . I also have a regular combi stroller that I bought with my combi carseat and infant carrier and that 's far lighter and manuevers better . I would not recommend this stroller if you 're under 5 ' 3 '' and small frame because the handles are made for someone around 5 ' 7 '' or taller and it 's heavy to get in/out of the car .
 We bought this stroller beginning or middle of June and right from the start it gave us trouble . The axle to the wheels were misaligned and the front wheels would not touch the ground so going for a walk was always a struggle steering ! I met another lady in my building who saw me struggling with the stroller and she mentioned that her Graco stroller had the same problem ! We are so disappointed because it one of the only strollers that has a seat that can be placed horizontally so baby can sleep comfortably . We only wish we saved the box so we could return it . We just bought a McClaren which I can now steer so easily -LRB- I can even steer with one finger and it goes where i need it to go -RRB- ! We learned a lesson - with strollers , go for quality even if it costs a bit more !
 I do n't like this stroller it 's hard to recline your child when asleep it 's simple.i DO NOT LIKE IT.It 's heavy and not comfortable .
 This stroller has a horrible sitting position , the sides are not padded so when you baby falls asleep the head touches the metal frame and the baby gets a mark because of that plus sometimes his head gets stuck in there . But for a mom is perfect ! Light and easy to maneuver . Please before you buy this stroller think about your baby being comfy .
 This spray burned my baby everytime I tried to use it.He cryed until I wiped it off.Then there were red welt 's all over his bottom.I do n't want to rate this product but I have to or it wo n't publish this.Save your baby 's bottom and do n't use this .
 I was surprised at the little jar ! I guess I did n't read the size when I ordered ... anyway - it didnt help at all . I went back to another product that I use that keeps it -LRB- rosacea -RRB- under control . I had high hopes , but this product could n't meet them : -LRB-
 Ordered the cream and it does nothing to control rosacea . It is ineffective at best or sometimes it seemed it made the condition worse . Disappointed : -LRB-
 I purchased this product and began using it two times daily as directed . I used it for 3 weeks with no improvement in my rosacea.When I tried to return the product to the seller , they refused to take it back because it had been used . I can not remember how many times I returned lipstick or makeup to a department store with no questions asked.Since then I have purchased and used Skin Medica 's product . It is much better quality . Initially it burns a bit when you first start using it bu it quickly goes away , and most important , it works very well in clearing up the rosacea . It 's more expensive but well worth it in my opinion .
 i would n't be surprised to find out most of the positive reviews are fake . Used it overnight and when i woke up my skin was dry and flaky where i had put it on . Put it on in the morning and by lunch time i need to use something else as it causes my skin to flake . Wo n't buy it again and would not recommend it .
 But due to the cost of shipment , etc , I do not want to bother to go through the hassle of returning it . It makes the connection between the outlet and your plug less secure because now between the plug-in and the outlet , there is the red rubber . The red rubber is also too short ... they better redesign this product .
 I love every other product I have gotten from baby jogger , but I was disappointed in this cooler . It 's about the size of a lunch box , but it really does n't even function as well as a lunch box . . I could n't get it strapped on securely , it kept falling forward . Maybe it was `` user error '' I do n't know . Also , it needs artificial ice , regular ice will leak through the seams , which I suppose would be the case for most soft sided coolers , but that 's something you 'll need to consider with this purchase . I bought this to take on a family trip where we needed to keep an entire day worth of breast milk cold while museum hopping , and since I did n't have access to a freezer at the hotel , I planned on using ice from the machine . This did not do the trick .
 Warning , if you are buying this for a baby jogger city select , do n't bother , it does not fit . Must fit a much smaller baby jogger .
 The item I received is a baby jogger cooler bag , but it is not the same as the one pictured . Also , my bag came without any instructions so I attached it as best I could . Its very small . Im not convinced its worth having . And it does impede the folding somewhat . I was hopeful for some storage since the basket on the city mini itself is fairly worthless . Overall , I 'm not impressed . This may be going back .
 Beware City Select owners
 My wife bought this mobile for our newborn baby . Assembly was relatively easy and it looks nice but once we turned it on we were horrified ! The rotating mechanism makes an awful grinding/clacking sound as it turns ! I do n't know if this is just a bad unit , or if this is a ` normal ' sound but this clearly wont do . Back to the store with this puppy ! Several other reviewers have mentioned similar problems so they 've either got quality control issues at the factory or some peoples notions of ` soothing ' are diametrically opposed to mine .
 Put the thing together , installed the batteries , turned it on and nothing . Re-checked the batteries . Still nothing . Batteries work in other toys . Nice work on design guys ...
 I purchased one of these from a tesco in the uk in 2009 for my son and it was brilliant so when I couldnt find them on sale in the uk when I had my daughter I decided to purchase from overseas . The mobile did not rotate so I requested a replacment the 2nd didnt rotate like it should either ! Think may be a motor fault maybe a faulty batch !?
 Too annoying the baby gets way too excited and ca n't go to sleep . I did not like the songs recorded .
 Shortly after turning this on in the night mode -LRB- with the lights -RRB- , I heard a continuous clicking and it stopped spinning . I had to coax it along with my hands . This happened over and over until I took it back and exchanged it . The second mobile had the exact same problem so it went back for a refund . It 's too bad -- if it were made well it would be a nice mobile . FOr $ 40 you 'd think the product would at least work for a couple of days !
 I never got to see this mobile in action , although my wife and I absolutely LOVED it from the start . It was just so neat and unique compared to the other mobiles on the market and it fit perfectly into our baby room theme.HOWEVER , I saw nothing to indicate that it would ONLY fit a crib with a very thin top rail -LRB- generally , one of the less expensive models -RRB- . My wife and I purchased a 4-in-1 `` Mid-Price Range '' crib with wider , thicker top rails with the front and back rails having a molded design -LRB- similar to crown molding -RRB- . It is physically impossible to attach this mobile onto any of those rails . The method used to hang and secure it does not allow for any type of adjustment other than a serious `` wood working '' project on the crib itself . So , the two mobiles we purchased -LRB- for our twins -RRB- were completely useless.Additionally , once assembled , it is physically impossible to dissasemble -LRB- even stated in the instructions -RRB- . So after assembling the first mobile and attempting to place it on our crib , we were stuck with it . We could not disassemble it so that we could return it for a refund . We will probably donate it to a friend or coworker who is also pregnant with the hopes that they can use it and return the unopened one for a refund.IF we had actually been able to use it , I 'm sure it would have been rated much higher . I am rating it at a 1 simply because none of the advertising indicated the severe limitation of the method of attachment to the crib and the resulting inability to return it because there is no way to disassemble it after it is put together -LRB- of course , this IS indicated in the instruction book -RRB- .
 I got this mobile as a gift and set it up before we had our baby . First , the way the mobile is designed to attach to the crib did not fit our style crib at all because the rails at the top of our 's were too tall to let the lip of the mobile rest on it . I attempted to rig something up , but just did not feel it was safe , so that was my main reason for returning it . Also , in the process of screwing the attachment to the crib , it easily scratched the wood.In addition , this motor on the mobile was EXTREMELY loud . I had to turn the music volume as high as it would go just to hear it over the motor . Like other reviewers , the rotation stopped several times and made grinding noises and I would have to push it to get it going again.I was disappointed in the design of this product because it does not fit all crib types and was very disappointed in the noise of the motor - not sure how this would be soothing to a baby .
 We received this as a gift ... I wish I had read all the reviews before installing it ! Unfortunately it worked perfectly and our daughter LOVED it for 2 months -LRB- sang to it every time we turned it on -RRB- until it suddenly stopped working . After trying two sets of new batteries , I sent an email to customer service about it . No response . Then I called them . The lady was very nice and said all I needed to do was send them the base back and they would send out a new one right away . So I paid the $ 14 to ship it Priority Mail -LRB- thinking we 'd get it back faster -RRB- and then 3 days later I got a call saying it 's backordered for 3 months - why did n't they tell me that when I called ? By then our daughter will be at the age where they say you ca n't use it on the crib anymore.Don ' t set yourself up for the disappointment we got . Such a great concept , but they need to figure out how to improve the quality and customer service !
 We got this mobile as a gift . Unfortunately , this mobile is very poorly designed . I came to check the reviews to see if other people were experiencing the same problem of the mobile getting stuck spinning . Turns out this is a common problem . The issue is the canopy is separate part and must be attached to the top . If the canopy opening is not perfectly circular then it will rub against the main assembly causing it to get stuck and make a terrible grinding noise . I have tried rubbing Aquaphor as lubricant and tried widening the canopy attachment but nothing works . Luckily , we have another mobile as I will be tossing this one in the trash .
 I too was very excited about this mobile when I bought it . My daughter would wake up from her naps and start it herself . Once the first set of batteries went bad , it seemed that each set seemed to drain faster and faster . Not to mention it 's 4 D batteries . It 's also a big pain to change the batteries . Lastly , once I got over the fact that the batteries were only lasting a week , it keeps getting stuck . It just stops turning and you can hear a `` click , click , click '' through the house . It never starts up again until you physically go in and push it . I am soooo unhappy with this purchase .
 While my daughter liked this , the lights broke the first day , and by the third day the motor was make grinding noises even with new batteries . It is very poor quality and I would never buy something from The First Years again .
 We had a manual mobile and my son loves it so much . I am bored of turning it on all the time so bought this electronic one . But unfortunately my son wo n't look at it at all , just crying when i leave him on the crib and turn on this mobile . Expecially when I turned on both of the mobiles , my son only smile at the manual one . I do n't know why . Maybe the creatures he does n't like .
 this is a very cute mobile and i read the reviews about it - many people mentioned how frequently they had to change the batteries , but i thought , ` how bad can it be ? ' well , although it is cute , it is such a pain to have to frequently change the `` D '' batteries - maybe once every three weeks or so . kind of expensive to buy all of those batteries too . my son does seem to love it though . he watches it as he falls asleep and now can turn it on by kicking the buttons himself - that could be part of the reason my batteries are dying so quickly but i ca n't stop him from doing that ! so , although it is a neat concept , i wish i had n't purchased this one !
 While this mobile is cute , and in theory should be great , we 've had a lot of problems with The First Years during this whole thing . Our mobile arrived , new and straight from the box , with the projection unit not working . They recommended trying a new bulb -LRB- do n't get me started-this is a NEW product -RRB- , but we could n't find the bulb in any stores . When I requested they let me know where to buy one or that they send me a new one , they told me to just send the whole thing back . It was already assembled , and my baby was using it . The customer service was awful . Plus , the motor does make a loud noise , though I think of it as a free `` white noise '' machine !
 I have had horrible luck with this mobile . I have tried to use three of them in the past month , and something is defective with each one.The first one stopped rotating after the first night of use . I returned that one to Toys R Us and got another one.The next one drained the batteries dead overnight after the first night of use , even though I only used the mobile for a couple of hours.After that , I called the company -LRB- The First Years/Learning Curve -RRB- . They offered to replace the mobile if I paid to send in the defective one and my store receipt . I paid $ 20 -LRB- !!! -RRB- to send it to them , and they sent a replacement right back . The motor buzzes loudly when the canopy rotates , to the point that it 's really annoying , not soothing.Now I am out $ 60 and still do n't have a product I can use . I am very , very disappointed and feel like I 've had rotten luck . This leaves a bad taste in my mouth toward this company .
 I received this off my registry and I was thrilled with it for the two weeks . The music was soothing and the projection screen was great . Unfortunately , one day it just stopped working . I figured the batteries had run out so I changed them . It worked fine for a day and then stopped working again . I tried a third time -LRB- with a different brand of batteries -RRB- and again it only worked for a day or so . Very frustrating . I ended up just buying a new mobile -LRB- Fisher Price Precious Planet -RRB- and it 's been working great . It 's not as cute as the Dreams-In-Sight but it 's dependable and it does n't burn through batteries .
 I came on this website to find if anyone else had the same problem i have had with this mobile . The situation with the batteries being drained in a day is exactly right . This mobile stinks . I went through numerous batteries , including rechargeables , and NiMh . This mobile drained the batteries like crazy . Horrible mobile . I will never recommend this .
 All the problems we experienced with this mobile were listed in others reviews.It turns on and off if you use a remote control near it.The canopy was so loud during rotation that we decided to return it.I found that it went through batteries quickly.When we attached it to the crib , we found that it damaged the finish.When completely assembled it does not have a music only function which I found that we would have really liked . When you remove the mobile , you could use it as a music only , but it looks strange with our the arm and canopy.The canopy on our mobile was really hard to snap in place especially the last piece.My baby does like it , but its so noisy that I ca n't use it to lull her back to sleep , it only works when she is awake otherwise it keeps her up.I am on the look out for a better option .
 SINCE THE FIRST MOMENT THAT I TAKE IT OUT OF BOX I WAS WONDERING IF IT WAS USED OR NEW , MAKE A TERRIBLE NOISE WHEN IT START AND , THE CONTROL REMOTE WAS BROKE BUT WAS NOT A BIG DEAL BECAUSE EVERY TIME THAT I TURN ON THE TV , THE MOBILE START , AND ALSO IT DOES N`T LOOK LIKE IN THE PICTURES
 If you are going to buy this you might as well get a second play yard ... I did not notice a big difference with this ... I do n't believe it is as much square feet as they say ... hmmm
 Summer Infant Secure Surround Playsafe Playard is not a fit for this product . Do not buy these panels thinking they fit even though they say they do . I do like how this product is more sturdy than our play pen . Looks like a good product if it fit our play area .
 This extension kit does not fit the model # 07804 -LRB- Portable -RRB- with same name . CAREFULLY look at the picture of your play yard panels before buying this extension kit . I thought they would have the same type of hook up but DO NOT . Not sure which one to return because the extension kit is made of a more durable plastic than the Secure Surround `` Portable '' Playard .
 Somewhat flimsy material , hard to insert in main play yard . Play yard can be tipped easily if not secured . I bungee corded an old tv cart to provide stability .
 I see how this gate is supposed to work . We purchased it work with the Summer Infant Secure Surround Playsafe Playard , and it is totally the wrong piece .
 We were disappointed in these play yard panels . Compared to others we have , they were floppy and not secure when baby pulls himself up on them . We also noticed that the connectors where you latch one panel to another , are extremely difficult to hook together and not very sturdy . They absolutely stand well and if they were constructed a bit better , we would be very happy with them . We would not recommend these , but rather would recommend ones that are stronger .
 as simple as that ... it floats freely , we can not use the lock , so we had to tie the extension to the main thing using a tape . . now we have a doorless playyard .
 When we first got this bouncer we were excited because it had great features that the other bouncers just did n't have -LRB- i.e. a remote , rocking feature and different speed settings -RRB- . However , we were extremely distraut when my daughter who was approx . 3mos started falling out of it.At first I thought I was doing something wrong , so I re-adjusted the belt , my daughter 's position and tried putting the chair on a hard floor -LRB- vs carpet -RRB- for better stability and watched and waited . I am not an engineer , so my assessment may not be techinically correct , but from what I could tell , the seat seems to be too taught and does not allow a child to sit deep enough in the seat so after anywhere from 5 to 15 minutes , she just slid down and started to literally lean/slip over the side . We did a few more very guarded tests , and it did n't matter if the chair was rocking , bouncing or still , she would end up in the same spot . Too many scares for us , so this chair ended up in the trash . I was really shocked how a baby product could be so dangerous and remain in stores .
 Although I like the way the bouncer looks , that is about all that impresses me about it . Yes all the remote controllers work and it has music , ect . but it does n't have a lot of give in the fabric so when you place your baby in the bouncer you have to keep your eyes locked on them the entire time they 're in the bouncer . Our baby does n't sink down in the bouncer enough for me to feel safe leaving her in it . In fact the two times I tried putting her in it she leaned to one side and I felt she may fall out of it -LRB- at 3 weeks old this should not happen -RRB- . I have another bouncer that is n't nearly as fancy but the fabric is sewn in a way so that she does sink down in the bouncer more therefore she 's more comfortable and so am I knowing she 's much safer . We got this bouncer on sale but I wish we would n't have spent our money on it in the first place as it 's going to be donated to goodwill the next time I take a trip there .
 I purchased this bouncer for my baby girl . She is now 7 weeks old . There are 2 plastic rods that are inside of the canopy to help it to hold its shape . The long plastic rods came out of the fabric `` pockets '' which barely hold them and poked my daughter . They have sharp edges and scratched her face and shoulder . Thank god they did not poke her in the eye . THese plastic rods are not secured in the fabric properly and the canopy can not be removed . If you already own this call the company and request a replacement before your baby is also hurt .
 We purchased this item for the grandparent 's house - and have since returned it , it was so very disappointing . After using the straps to secure the sides together -LRB- they EASILY slipped out if we did n't -RRB- the rails were almost unusable . A twin is a twin is a twin , but for some reason , the straps made the rails too small and they would n't fit the bed . They were so tight that the mattress was squeezed all out of shape , the rails were bending outward away from the sides of the bed -LRB- they should be upright , perpendicular to the floor -RRB- , the boxspring was being mashed down where the under-matress arms were , and the letting-down mechanism would absolutely not work . I could barely get my fingers on it and when I could , they were so mashed against the mattress that they would n't function . This was not a new , large , or oversized mattress - it is a completely ordinary twin bed . The bottom-side to bottom-side dimensions -LRB- when strapped to one another -RRB- are not available on the box , so there is no way to see if your mattress will fit or not until you take the product out of the box and try it . I thought twin beds were a universal size , but perhaps not .
 I bought this bedrail for my 3 year old but before her 5th birthday , it experienced a catastrophic failure - the plastic broke right at the joint on the left side and the rail collapsed . Luckily , my daughter did not fall out of bed as a result . The sides do fold down , but you need two people to undo each side of the bed - one at the top end of the bed and one at the bottom , otherwise its nearly impossible to fold down alone as both pins need to be pulled out concurrently . I 'm trying out a metal bedrail now from Regalo and it seems a lot sturdier . Its a hideaway rail , which is much easier to use than the `` fold down '' feature of this rail and to change sheets .
 I had ordered the Tadpoles set that came with one sheet , a blanket and cradle bumpers and was very happy . I decided I needed additional cradle sheets and ordered this item . The sheets were way too big ! I actually wondered if I had ordered crib sheets in error but they were not that big . They were also kind of scratchy . It is weird that I ordered the same brand of sheets as the one I liked and these were of such different quality . Not good .
 -LRB- I initially got this potty because it was cheap , $ 12.99 at the time of my purchase . Also because my daughters other potty kept travelling with her between stays with me and her mother . -RRB- Well , not every childs physiology is the same , and neither is bathroom-sink height , so to be fair to this product ... man . On paper , it seems like a great concept
 I bought this potty seat thinking it was perfect , as it has no special effects that would distract my son . Unfortunately , the pee guard just is n't tall enough and the couple of times he 's actually used the potty , the pee has ended up all over the floor . This would have been a great potty for a girl , but I 'd discourage buying this for a boy .
 My 3 month old daughter loves her mobile . She loves to watch the butterflies go around and sometimes , that 's the only thing that seems to calm her down . We got the mobile in Jan. 06 and it 's now the middle of April , and the music stalls . If you push the arms of the mobile , maybe it might play , maybe , but not always . I 've taken it apart and there seems to be nothing askew , but obviously there is . She gets very frustrated when the butterflies stop so suddenly and only after 15 seconds of play . Sometimes it wo n't even play after being wound . I had a mobile when I was a child and it still works to this day , almost 30 years later . I love the cute factor of the mobile , but the quality assurance is awful .
 Cute mobile , but it did n't fit on my crib . We had a crib custom made at an Amish store in Middlebury , IN
 Like most of the reviews have already said this is a cute mobile , but that 's where it ends.My daughter LOVES it , but it serves no good functioning purpose if I have to stand beside the crib to wind it back up after a min or 2 of spinning . The obnoxious noise from winding this mobile completely wakes her up after she was well on her way to dream land.If it was battery operated I would easily give this mobile more than 1 star , but there was a serious lack of attention paid to the functional side of a cute / matching mobile.I plan to return it .
 This is a very cute mobile , however , for $ 40.00 it should be a universal fit . It isnt . I have the whole Gossamer wings decor , but can not use the mobile because it doesnt fit my daughter 's crib . We have a sleigh style `` Serenity '' crib and the slats are too thick . VERY DISSAPOINTING since she LOVED the mobile on her bassinet . I dont know what Im going to do ... The 2 stars are for the look only .
 Ok -- so it matches the rest of the set , but my baby has little to no interest in it because the colors are so muted and blend together with no contrast . Then the stupid thing turns off every couple of minutes and has to be wound up again . I would have much prefered a battery operated one that last a little longer . I actually cut the butterflies , etc off and sewed bright colored shapes to reattach to the mobile and baby is a little more interested now , but it still shuts off too quickly . Do n't waist your money , get one of the high contrast mobiles -- even if it does n't go with your nursery decor .
 This product , like many others , seems a must-have for babies . My son was laying on it today on his back playing with all of the dangling toys . He pulled his feet into the air , and hooked his leg around one of the poles above his head . Within one second , as he brought his leg back down to the floor with the pole tangled up in it , he became rolled up and encassed inside the mat . The pillow ended up on his face while he was trapped in the mat . I will definitely be writing to the company to complain . Thank goodness he was not unsupervised .
 I was very angry and disappointed in this play gym . It collapsed twice on my baby within the first two weeks we had it . Once the base mat folded around my baby causing a suffocation hazard . I wo n't use it again and at $ 60 it is a pretty expensive piece of trash . The company has been pretty unresponsive in rectifying the problem as well . I expected much more from the `` Baby Einstein '' brand .
 I regret spending the money for this particular gym . To begin with , the surface is so rough that our daughter 's cheeks were always red within minutes of placing her down for tummy time before she could hold her head up . A main purpose for buying the gym is to provide an entertaining way to strenthen her neck and back muscles so that she can hold up her head , but this is impossible if the surface irritates a baby 's skin b/c it is so rough . We thought of placing a soft thin receiving blanket on top of the gym surface , but 1 -RRB- this could interfere w / baby 's breathing and so is dangerous and 2 -RRB- then the supposedly interesting colors and animals on the surface are covered up . So we could not use it for tummy time until our daughter could actually hold up her head off of the irritating surface of the mat . The second problem with this gym is that the volume of the music on the star is extremely loud , to the point that our daughter hated it and prefered that the star be on `` off '' position . I 've never heard a child 's toy be so loud , and there is no volume control and no way to muffle the sound . The music is also extremely monotonous and boring . The dangling toys are also pretty boring . Our daughter never found this gym entertaining in the slightest , despite our numerous attempts to interest her in it .
 Like the previous reviewer , we received both the Baby Einstein and Gymini activity mats . We actually tried them out ourselves by lying down on the mat and looking up to get the baby 's point of view -LRB- try it yourself ! -RRB- . We did n't find the Baby Einstein to be stimulating , creative , or riveting . We kept the Gymini and I 'm so glad we did . Our baby loved it and kept discovering new things about it every few days .
 I am torn about this product . My 41/2 month old baby loves it , but I am slightly disappointed . My son absolutely loves the musical star and cries when it turns off . I wish it would play a little longer . He also likes playing with all the toys that are attached to it , but at 41/2 months , he seems to be almost outgrowing the mat . The mat is very small compared to some of the other ones out there which really disappointed me , and it is already fading quite a bit . I have washed the mat several times according to the instructions and I do n't put it in the dryer , but it is fading quickly . I 'm not sure if it will hold up for another child , which I had intended . I read countless reviews before I purchased this product , but looking back on it I would have bought a Tiny Love product . My sister had a Tiny Love playmat for my nephew who is now 3 and it still looks brand new . I know it was washed many times and it has not faded . The mat is also a lot larger so it will last longer . That mat is now at my parents and my baby loves playing with that one when he 's at their house . My recommendation would be to skip this product and buy a Tiny Love/Gymini mat .
 I bought this product but they delivered another version than the one posted on line .
 I 'm not sure why the same product is listed three times , but here 's my review on the other listing : My son is ten weeks old as of this writing . We received this activity gym as a shower gift and began using it sparingly when he was a couple of weeks old -LRB- he was n't too interested in it yet -RRB- . The good news is that in the last few weeks , it 's come to be his favorite thing . It 's just about the only thing that gives me any ability to put him down during the day and , say , eat a snack . But I suppose I should be using the past tense , because as of yesterday , the music on the star stopped playing . Same story as the others . A few days ago , the music got raspy . Then it stopped . I changed the batteries . The music started again then quit after half a day . Now , after numerous battery changes , it 's a no go . My son has almost no interest in the mat now without the music . I 've emailed Baby Einstein , so I 'm hoping to get a replacement star that will hopefully hold for a few more weeks until I 'll probably have to write them again . I suppose in the meantime , I will keep my eyes out for a more durable activity gym.Bottom line is , I 'm glad it was a gift and we did n't blow fifty bucks on this . I like the activity gym concept , since obviously - when working - my baby is entertained and stimulated by it , but I 'm going to be scouring reviews carefully to find one that works for more than a few weeks .
 My daughter loves the einstein star that plays the music , but is has broken 3 times already . I keep exchanging it because she loves it so much , but this is ridiculous ! Each time is has been something different . The most recent one keeps stopping and restarting and wo n't go last the first song .
 We purchased this toy when my daughter was about 1 month old . We figured for the price it must have been a good toy , but after 5 mins of the music my husband and I were ready to take it back . It plays only 2 or 3 diff . tunes . My daughter however did like the toys and the star , but she would only lay under it for about 10 mins . She is now 5 months old and still does not like this toy . We do hook the animals onto another musical toy -LRB- made by Playskool -RRB- that was given to us by a friend whose daughter had outgrown it and she likes it much better and I believe it only costs about $ 20 . This is n't a terrible toy , I just expected a lot more out of it for the price .
 I do n't know if it was because my daughter was already 3 months old when I bought this -LRB- maybe you should introduce it to a much younger infant ? -RRB- or that she would n't have liked it anyway . She cried when the star was turned on and she did n't seem interested in any of the hanging toys . When she was placed on her back , she kept trying to roll over -LRB- to get away from that star , or so it seemed -RRB- and she learned to roll over right away . Unfortunately , the pad is so rough that her cheeks were bright red from rubbing against it for only 5-10 min . Maybe washing it would fix that problem , but I returned it the next day . Also , it was smaller than I expected .
 I just ordered this item and then realized how small it is . 16 '' ? That 's smaller than most newborns ! Even placed diagonally , the baby ca n't be more than 22 '' long . Is it really that small , you who have ordered and love this toy ? I would appreciate knowing that in preparation for trying to return it.UPDATE
 I am a big fan of the `` Baby Einstein '' products and thought I could n't go wrong with this one . Unfortunately , it overstimulated my daughter . I think it was all the bright colors and the little star that lights up and plays music hangs down too low . My daughter would scream after about 2 minutes when laid down on this play gym . She never used it longer than 5 minutes . Now that she is 5 months old , she does sit up on the mat and chew on the star for short periods and the toys detach and we have got some use out of those . But overall , I would not recommend it .
 My son liked this gym for only a few weeks . He quickly became bored with the toys and the musical lights made him cry everytime they were turned on . Luckily we received this as a gift and we did n't pay the hefty $ 50 pricetag . We now have the Gymini by Tiny Love and my son -LRB- 4 months -RRB- LOVES playing with it every morning . The music is much better , the hanging animals are more captivating , and the large mirror is perfect for curious infants . Save yourself some money and buy the Tiny Love Gymini .
 Our son loved it for the first month , but then the star -LRB- which lights up and plays music - his favorite part -RRB- broke . I read some other reviews and this seems to be a common problem , -LSB- . . -RSB-
 I have tons of baby stuff all over my house , having this Play Gym out on the floor all the time was not an option . Problem was this sucker was really tough to set up . The two curved arms are so difficult to put together I had to have an extra set of hand to hold it down while I put them in place . That right there was reason enough for me to return it . I actually registered for this Play Gym and a recieved a different brand Play Gym as a gift . I set both up and weighted the pros and cons of each . Yes the pillow on this is great and the mirror centered in the top center is nice too but this sucker was so hard to put together I never would have used it . If you have a home large enough to keep this thing out and assembled all the time , then this is a great Play Gym . If you 're like me and want to easily put it away once baby has had enough , try a different brand , our new one simply folds in half and snaps closed . These are a great way to entertain baby but I do n't think Einstein helped with the design of this particular Play Gym
 I am very disappointed with this playmat . I purchased it because I figured since it was a Baby Einstein product , it had to be good . Plus , the reviews for it were excellent . First of all , the playmat is too small for my boy . He is an average six month old -LRB- 19 pounds , 29 inches -RRB- . Whenever he rolls onto his tummy on this mat , he ends up halfway off the mat . Second , the musical star only plays three very short songs . My boy gets bored of the repetition . Third , when I purchased the mat , I liked how vibrant the colors were . After a couple washings , the colors have faded and the mat looks like we 've had it for a lot longer than we really have.Don ' t get me wrong . My boy does like to chew on the animals and he will look at himself in the mirror occassionally . But the mat only entertains my boy long enough for me to brush my teeth .
 I put this on my baby registry , received it , but now wish I had done more research . This gym is essentially a blanket with a few toys hanging too far away from a baby 's reach.The toys do not hang down far so it 's impossible for any baby to reach them unless multiple plastic rings are put together from the other toys . The light/musical star is really irritating -- the musical tones sound awful.Don ' t be wooed by the ` Baby Einstein ' theme . This is too expensive for what you get and I really believe you are paying for the name -LRB- the DVDs are good , specifically Bach and Mozart -RRB- . If you 're buying this for tummy time , there 's nothing special about it . If you 're buying it so your baby can grab at objects , it 's worthless . My son loves his $ 9 Sassy Bugs on Board that are attached to his car seat.I wish I had seen this tummy time item before my son was born
 I read about this mat online and was impressed by its reviews . So I registered for it and received it as a shower gift . First , I must say my son LOVES this mat . There is a little star that hangs at the top and plays music and lights up . He loves to watch it and sing along with it . -LRB- He is 3 mos . old -RRB- Unfortunately , the star has broken TWICE . The first time it just stopped playing after only a few weeks . I called the manufacturer and they sent a replacement . GREAT . So , I was using it and after about 10 hours of play it stopped working . I called the company again and they said the stars are on backorder for 3 mos . !! So ... while the mat is great and my son loves the star , the silly thing does n't work . I would have to say NOT to purchase this mat . There 's nothing worse than having your newborn like something and then having it taken away .
 After researching all of the different mats for our daughter we chose the Baby Einstein one solely because of the star with lights . If you read through the reviews here you 'll see that a huge number of people mention that the star is what makes this set worthwhile.We received our mat today and the star no longer has the lights in it . Since looking at lights is the current favorite activity of our 1 month old we were extremely disappointed . We called Baby Einstein and they confirmed that even though the packaging and instructions still say the star has lights that the star has indeed had the lights removed . They had no explanation why this was done.What a shame .
 There was a time I would have rated this well , probably 4 stars . However , today we had quite a scare because of this product . A choking hazard size piece -LRB- fits inside a toilet paper tube -RRB- of plastic broke off of the activity star today , the part of the Baby Einstein activity gym that plays music and shows lights . It is one of the round , yellow pieces of plastic where a light would be shown . My 6.5 month old daughter was playing with her activity gym when I noticed the yellow piece on the floor , picked it up , and determined its origin . I 'm so thankful that I found it so quickly before it ended up in her hands/mouth . I 'm also very concerned that this happened and the `` what if '' that came too close to happening . I filed a report with the CPSC and the company and I 'm waiting to hear back .
 I went out an purchased this playmat for my 3 month old son and was very disappointed . `` Baby Einstein '' products seem to be all the rave now but really it was n't worth the money ... the toys and pictures on it are very cheap looking and overall it does n't come with anything really interesting for them to look at ... what 's with the picture of the rabbit and the one page book ? At the most we use the musical star that it comes with and attach it to the changing table , , , it 's the only use we 've gotten out of it so far .
 My baby loved this play yard . It was the only toy that would keep her attention for more than 10 minutes . The problem is we went through 3 in less than a month . The star and lights device kept shorting out . Sometime is would just keep two seconds of music over and over or sometimes you would hear it shorting out and then just quit . My baby would get upset and just stare waiting for the lights to come back on . I ended up finally just returning and getting something else all together .
 My baby was having terrible gas problems so I after trying Avent and Playtex , I decided to give Dr. Browns a try . I saw no improvement in the gas problems my baby had , in fact , I ca n't stand these bottles now !!! They are the BIGGEST hassle to travel with -LRB- you ca n't clean them well without extra cleaning devices -RRB- , the leak like crazy , and they are basically confusing for babysitters/family members who watch the baby . Unfortunately , I bought 12 of them and I regret it terribly - they are a waste of money and time -LRB- they take much longer to clean -RRB- . I 've read the other reviews and it 's strange that there are so many positive reviews because I personally know at least 8-10 other mothers who also can not stand them for the same reasons I mentioned . Another problem is that the replacement pieces come in 3 packs but one generally does n't misplace 3 of an item ?!! Take a pass and save your money !!! Stick with Avent !!
 We purchased the Dr. Brown 's bottles for my son & I had a lot of trouble with them because they leak ! When feeding him we would have to wrap a cloth around the bottle because of the leaking . Eventually , after paying a lot of money for the bottles , we ended up switching , now we are so happy that we have . I would not recommend these bottles to anybody !
 I recently purchased these bottles before our baby girl was due . All I had heard was that they would help with gas / colic . My youngest daughter is now 3 months old and we started using these bottles from the moment that she was born . Not only are they expensive , they are a royal pain to put together and keep all part clean . The bottles are horrible !!! They leak constantly , the nipples do not fit accurately , and as for helping with gas / colic , I feel that they have not helped any at all . I also have a daughter that is 15 months old and we used the Avent Bottles , and they have been washed and sterilized several times and we have never had the first problem , we are now using some of the 4oz . Avent with our 3 month old . We have also purchased the new Vent Aire Natural Shaped bottles , they are also good , and alot cheaper than the Dr. Brown 's . I would not use the Dr. Brown 's if they were the only bottle left on the market ... You would be much more satisfied with a cheap bottle from the dollar store rather than these bottles !!
 We bought thse bottles thinking , as everyone else did , that they would help the spit up and the gas . Our other two kids used Avent with no problems . This little guy has reflux , so we were looking for anything that would help . After 2 mths of use they started to leak and were always a pain to clean . We switched to the Platex nurser and have seen less spit up and less gas then when he was on the Dr. Brown 's . Conclusion ... I do n't think the high tech bottle makes a bit of difference . It is a matter of what works for each individual baby .
 I am so sorry we wasted our time and money on this product . They LEAK all over the place ! For what they charge for these bottles compared to the others , they should be of better performance . I didnt see that it helped with gas at all . If you lose the brush it comes with you can not clean the long inside piece , and will have to boil it . The nipples dont seem to fit well around the ring either , I have lost more formula because of how poorly these are made . I am currently arguing with them for my money back . Avent is much better , the nipples are better quality , and bottles themselves dont feel so cheaply made .
 My son spits up a lot more with these bottles !! I read all of the reviews and people seemed to think these bottles were great , but we have had a bad experience . I did n't even mind spending the extra time cleaning the bottle , but my son began spitting up after every feeding ! We are now using Playtex nursers with great results !! No spitting up and no bottle leakage !
 I am a mother of twins and one of them has reflux . Since we have to put cereal in her bottle and cut the nipples , using a cheap bottle does the trick for us . When you have to make double the bottles , putting together all of the pieces to these bottles takes up way too much time .
 I STARTED MY BABY OUT ON THE PLATEX PREMIUM NURSER BOTTLES WITH THE INSERT LINERS THAT YOU CAN SQEEZE THE AIR OUT . SHE HAD A VERY MILD CASE OF THE COLIC AND WOULD BE A LITTLE FUSSY IN THE EVENING . I THOUGHT THAT GETTING THE DR BROWN BOTTLES WOULD HELP . THEY ARE ADVERTISED TO HELP WITH COLIC , BUT WHEN I FINALLY RECIEVED THEM NOT ONLY WERE THEY A PAIN TO CLEAN AND ASSEMBLE , BUT SHE WAS LESS FUSSY ON HER PLATEX BOTTLES . HER COLIC SYMPTOMS SEEM TO BE WORSE . I BEGAN TO USE THE PLATEX BOTTLES AGAIN AND SURE ENOUGH IT WAS BETTER . I WOULD N'T SUGGEST ANYONE TO BUY THEM ...
 the bottles were expensive , hard to clean , and leaked . They made my daughter spit up twice as bad as she did with any other bottle , and i tried alot of them . If i had it to do again I would buy the avent bottles and nothing else .
 These bottles are the worst . All they do it leak all the time . I tried everything the company told me to do to stop the leaking but nothing has helped . They even sent me new bottles and I shipped the old ones back but the new ones leak too . Went to the cheap evenflo bottles for 3 bucks and they are soooo much better . Do n't waste you time or money on the hype that surrounds these bottles . IT is not worth it ! Save your $ $
 These bottles are n't anything special ... my son is colic and it did n't do anything for him and quite personally their a pain to clean . I like the NUK brand better and they are also anti-colic . If you can get your hands on them they 're definitely worth your buck .
 I spent around $ 50 on a set of these bottles only to find they made her gas worse . The nipples is big and hard -LRB- she was breastfed for the first three months and only took the bottle sometimes at first , now she is on all bottles -RRB- . I think air was getting in around her mouth b/c milk was always leaking out of her mouth too . Next ... they are a MAJOR pain to clean even with a dishwasher . I started using playtex nursers during the hurricane because we had no power to run the dishwasher to wash those awful things and found that the nipple is soft , smaller , more like the breast , they do n't leak like Avents if you use a playtex drop in , easy to clean and most important , her gas problem was greatly reduced . The downside is the cost of the liners . I would buy these bottles as a last resort if all others have failed to help your child 's colic problem
 I love the Dr. Brown bottles . I just want to recommend you to get the regular bottle rather than the wide neck one.To save time , we got the wide-neck bottle in thinking that it could be cleaned better in dishwasher than the standard longer 8-oz Dr. Brown bottles . But I found my son has a hard time with the wide-neck 's nipple . I guess some baby may like the very long nipple shape . But my son found it confusing because he tried to put the whole thing in his mouth as he did to other bottles , but his mouth was too small for the big part . -LRB- When we tried Avent 's bottle earlier , he had no problem with it . But there are bubbles with Avent 's bottle . So I do n't recommend Avent . -RRB- Therefore , it would take him a longer time to drink the milk with the wide neck bottle than from the standard shaped one.The other reason I recommend the standard shape is because it is `` standard '' shaped , you can use other brand 's accessories on them directly . For example , I attached my Medela breast pump directly on the Dr. Brown bottle to wash one fewer bottle . I also found a more convenient way to mix formular rather than using the little plastic piece came along in the package -- When I was released from the hospital , I got some Similac breastmilk storage bottle . I simply use those Similac bottle cap for the standard-shaped Dr. Brown bottle to make my formula . I lost all these `` perks '' with the wide-neck set.For the above reasons , I quickly abandoned the wide-neck set , and purchased another set of the standard shaped 8oz bottle , and am still very happy with those bottles , and would recommend those with no hesitation .
 I am a solid believer in the Dr. Brown 's bottle . I used the 4 oz . bottles shortly after my baby was born and they are fantastic . I started using the tall -LRB- traditional shape -RRB- 8 oz bottle shortly thereafter . I had no problems with the functionality of these bottles . I tried many different varieties including all Platex styles including Ventair . The Ventair nipple did not have a good flow rate . I tried them because it would be cool to have an easier bottle to clean . I went back to Dr. Browns . The extra cleaning time is a small price to pay for the great performance . I was excited to learn about the wide neck style because the wide neck allows for easier formula preperation and keeps things cleaner . Also , it is easier to clean than standard bottles because soap does not spray off of the brush as you squeeze it out of the bottle.There was a problem though ... the wide necks leak horribly . It is a problem that can not be overcome for me . I bought three bottles and all three leak after they have been heated , even the most minimal amount of heating . Two leaked that had not been heated . I prepared the formula at room temperature , and the formula came spilling out on my daughter . It leaks from under the plastic ring cap that holds the nipple . Tightning it does not help . My mother and husband both noticed this . They told me to `` get rid of those bottles . '' Another problem is the nipple design . It differs slightly from the Dr. Browns standard bottle nipple . I guess my daughter was used to the other nipple and did not take to the wide neck nipple . It is a little too soft for her and she squished it in , and around her mouth and swallowed too much air.I wish Dr. Brown would make a bottle that is a wide neck versionbut that has the same design as the standard bottle . I recommend buying the Dr. Browns standard size bottles . They are well worth the money and effort in cleaning and preparing the bottle . Maybe Dr. Brown will come up with a solution !
 My 6 week old was having gas issues and spitting up a bit so we decided after reading the reviews on here to try Dr. Brown 's . What a waste of time , money , and laundry detergent ! For 3 days I tried these bottles and for 3 days he burped more and spit up MORE . We had to change his crib sheet 3 times in one day and his clothes and mine 4 times in one day all because he spit up a large amount of formula . So back to Avent for our little guy.NOTE
 I love this brand of bottles but , buy the thinner bottles . The wide Dr Brown bottles cost more and were to big for my daughter . The other nipples were better on the thinner , tall Dr. Brown bottles . Easier for a newborn to eat from the thinner bottles
 Okay , let us say at the outset that we anticipate the hate we will receive for giving the Dr. Brown 's bottles a poor score . Especially when , on average , reviewers here have rated them well . As such , allow us to explain why.These bottles were recommended to us by a father of twin boys . They , like our girl , had difficulty holding there formula down . The father had a positive experience with the bottles and we purchased them based on that experience . Twenty eight of them , actually . He seemed knowledgeable about baby equipment because he stayed home to raise his sons for their first few years.The bottles did not reduce the frequency of our girl 's spit up . The frequency and volume was comparable to the same result when we fed her with her brother 's Avent bottles . Link follows , Philips AVENT 11 Ounce BPA Free Classic Polypropylene Bottles , 3-Pack . We ran several comparison trials and found no benefit in using the Dr. Brown 's over the Avent bottles . We did find that formula for sensitive stomachs did reduce , but not eliminate , spit up . We also found burping her while feeding helped to reduce it too . Also , feeding her while upright seems to help too , but the bottles contributed nothing toward a solution . While our tests were not a double blind study in a rigorously controlled environment , we did make only one change at a time and ran at least three trials per change . We carefully observed and recorded the results.If that were the only negative experience , we would have given them three stars and moved on . We deducted an additional star because the rubber and plastic inserts increase the number of parts that have to be cleaned and kept track of . And the rubber piece in particular must occasionally be cleaned by hand . Its shape causes it to retain formula residue when washed on the top rack of the dish washer . Neither one of us want the additional chore without commensurate benefit . While some versions of the Avent bottles have an additional sealing ring , others do not.Also , when holding a baby while preparing a bottle , we have come to value the ability to make a bottle while using only one had . With its steeper thread pitch , the Avent requires only a quarter turn to secure or remove the lid . Dad can easily remove and secure the Avent 's nipple and sealing ring with one hand . Brown 's bottles require almost two full turns . This makes it more challenging to do one handed.Further , the Avent bottles seal every time . The Brown 's bottles have surprised us on more than one occasion by leaking and tossing formula around when we went to shake it up . When that occurs , baby is usually crying for a feeding . Cleaning up the mess is an unwelcome delay and additional step in the process.We chose to rate it two stars because the wide neck bottles make them easier to clean and to portion formula into them . Moreover , they do function as a bottle .
 the product i received does n't match with what photo shows and differs from the one i bought before . i cant tell the difference from `` 3 Pack Dr. Brown 's BPA Free Polypropylene Natural Flow Wide Neck Bottle 8 oz '' , which is much cheaper .
 Do not buy these bottles ! I tried the original , long and slender Dr. Brown bottles , and was so satisfied that I decided to purchase the wide-neck version as well ; they seemed more trendy and convenient ... more bulk/less height . First of all , they are not convenient at all as they are still very tall , almost as tall the regular shaped 8oz Dr. Brown 's , and much more bulkier ; making these far less convenient to take with you . Secondly the nipples in this version are different from the original size bottles ; Their feeding effect ... they are not as adaptable to an infant 's mouth as the regular slender-neck Dr. Brown bottles . You will notice the difference in your child 's feeding behavior ; it will not be smooth feeding time like it is with the traditional shaped.I am 100 % satisfied with the original Dr. Brown design , but I sincerely can not recommend these . Take my advice and do n't make the same mistake I did ; stick with the slender version bottles .
 After talking to my daughter who had tried everything she knew to do about baby 's gas , I looked online for some solution she had not tried yet . Dr. Brown 's had amazing reviews so I ordered 2 3-packs for baby grandaughter . They did n't seem to have any effect at all . I am glad they have been helpful for some of you , tho . It 's a very difficult time for moms ... long days , longer nights , little sleep . Oh , how I wish Dr. Brown 's had been her solution . Best wishes !
 I liked that this product is natural . If you are going to spend the day at the park , this one 's great . Very lotiony application . But if you are going to go swimming , this one 's a real hazard . It makes the skin so slippery when it 's wet , I wo n't ever put it on my girls again for swimming . Very , very slippery .
 We have used this sunblock since my son was 3 months old and it worked well . But when he developed eczema this lotion made the problem worse . As soon as the sun screen hits my sons face a bad bright red rash appears . I 've stopped using this product ... While I am sure this is great for most people I want to make sure people are aware this may not be best for a child with eczema ... We 've had better luck with generic brands .
 This was just okay . I found it a little greasy , and it had to be applied way more frequently than I would have liked . I used it on my son and myself - I got burnt pretty bad .
 This gave my 18 month old a sunburn . He was only outside for about an hour . I would not trust this product .
 I got the Snoogle Deluxe because the cover is supposedly 100 % cotton . But boy , is it itchy . I am sending it back because I could n't get used to the fabric and have decided to try the Boppy.Also , I feel that the pillow is a little too stiff for my liking . I woke up with shoulder and back pain .
 I also received non-Simmons brand changing pad covers sold by BabyAge and they were also labeled bonus and not for individual sale . They were described as being plush terry cloth , but are actually a thin knit and not very soft . I am very disappointed with this purchase.Update
 These are * not * Simmons brand changing pad covers , as advertised ! In fact , the packaging of the covers -LRB- sold by Baby Age -RRB- said `` BONUS
 I recently remodeled my son 's room with the entire collection of the InStyle Home Collection Sports Theme . I went as far as painting the walls to match the sheets -LRB- pinstrips and sports ball -RRB- . I was very happy with everything except the rug . The size is okay , I did n't expect it to be large since I did measure my space before I ordered it . I like the design since it matches the rest of the room , however I 've vacuumed it a few times and now it looks older than old . I 'm so disappointed in the quality of the rug . I do n't think its worth the money . I ended up seeing another similiar rug at our local store and bought it . It matches just fine and it was 1/4 of the cost and looks like it was made much better . I would n't have bought it if there was a review for me to read when I ordered mine . NOT WORTH THE MONEY . $ 15 tops .
 This rug has no backing -LRB- not skid resistant -RRB- and the color 's were much different than appeared . However I will say they handled my return wonderfully and provided a full refund promptly .
 I purchased a Baby Planet Solo Sport stroller based on the great reviews it has received . After one week , I sold the Solo Sport and purchased a 2008 Maclaren Quest Sport . I could n't be more happier with my Maclaren purchase . The Baby Planet has 3 features that are better than the Maclaren
 Most `` joggers '' do have stationary front tires and you will have to lift them up a little to turn . The problem I found with the Little Tikes jogger is when you are walking , it pulls to one side and is hard to operate . I was disappointed because I have purchased so many Little Tikes products and have never had a problem with any of them .
 I just purchased this cruiser/jogger , and I am extremely disappointed with Little Tikes . While the item can be attached to a bicycle as a `` cruiser '' with no problem ... it is definitely not suitable as a plain ol' `` jogger '' / stroller . The front wheel , when you use it as a `` jogger '' / stroller does not swivel ... it stays stationary straight ! Unless you live in a neighborhood that is just one long straight path , you ca n't ever make a turn ! I called Little Tikes customer service to inquire about it , and the rep told me that she had heard similiar complaints from other buyers , and all she could do was `` log in my complaint '' . If you want to make a turn you have to lift the whole vehicle up with your kids in it , and it it extremely heavy!I am extremely disappointed with Little Tikes . How could they put a product like this out on the market , and it is not usable as advertised ? No where on the box did it state that the front wheel was stationary and does not swivel ... and that you could only steer it in a straight line when being used as a `` jogger '' !
 I was very disappointed with the quality of this product . The front wheel always makes the jogger go to the left , so you are constantly having to compensate for that . The handle is not very comfortable either . I have had problems with the inflation of the back tires , also . I should have spent the extra money and purchased one with a better front wheel .
 Though the price was right , I now wish I spent more and got a higher quality one . On most joggers , the front wheel is staionary , so that did n't bug me , infact i wanted it that way for dirt trails . However , it would go straight do to the poor design . The tires it came with will not inflate correctly and if they are fully inflated their is a huge lump in the tire . Normally , little tykes stuff is great but not with this . do n't try and save money , get a quality one , this was a waste of money .
 I bought this jogger about 11/2 years ago . I have two children 11 months apart and I wanted something that did n't cost a lot that I could run/walk with and pull with my bike if I wanted . It is hard to run with since it does pull to the left . Ane yes , you do have to pop a wheelie when going around turns , but I just figured I 'd build up muscles that way . My kids love the stroller and now they are 3 and 4 years old and just starting to outgrow it a little . The tires do n't inflate well and there are big lumps in each one when fully inflated so the stroller does n't roll smoothly . It takes a lot of time to put together . It is very sturdy but not compact . Unless you have a huge trunk in your car or a van or something like that , then it is pretty much impossible to take with you . I was not very happy with the trailer attachment . It did n't clamp down well on the bike so it came lose and was a pain to pull . It would slide down and as my pedal came up it would hit the attachment . I only pulled it 2 times . But in all , for the money ... it works for me . I still use it now .
 We have eleven month old twins and a 8 and a 7 year old . Always love to ride bikes as a family . Bought this item because of price and product description . Husband loves to jog with older kids . Wanted something which would serve both activities . Big Mistake . Trailer is a nightmare to hook-up to bike . Connection is not secure . Rear wheels do not move to go around corners . Had to ride in the street in order to make a wide turn . Not safe . Directions were very difficult to understand for assembly . Bike pedals were always scraping against the connection . I was not very comfortable with my children in the trailer . I was always afraid the trailer would tip over . Returned item to the store and exchanged for a better item . Had store assemble new item and demonstrate connection . We now have a Burley Trailer and we love it . More expensive but more durable and safe . With the first trailer , we got what we paid for . I wonder if the manufacturer even tested this trailer to check for problems ? What were they thinking ?
 I just bought one second hand - should have read the reviews first . I have used several jogging strollers , but this one is very poorly designed . the front wheel attachment is very unstable , and as a result , the jogger has a tendency to pull to the left - spent more effort trying to keep it in a straight line than pushing it ! Also , front wheel shows premature wear and warps . As a bike trailer only , it is adequate . However , attaching it to the bike can be challenging - best if you can do it once and leave it on . All in all , disappointing product from Little Tykes . You get what you pay for !
 In the 2 years that I 've had the cruiser behind a bike , both the wheels have already warped . Not what I expeced from Little Tykes . I 'm having to deal w/buying new tires frequently due to flats because of the wheels . Now the whole thing wobbles making for a bumpy ride . Add to the fact that I could n't purchase replacement wheels online . Ughhh !
 I only bought this for the bike trailer feature , so I can not comment on the jogging stroller issues . However , like other reviewers have reported , the little rubber piece that attaches the trailer to the bike snapped one day as my child was getting out . Little Tikes does n't sell the replacement part . I tried various fixes and could n't get anything to work . So it is now worthless . I am extremely disappointed with both the craftsmanship and little Tikes ' failure to provide very simple customer service.UPDATE
 I purchased the Cozy Cruizer second-hand at a yard sale . Considering that the price we paid was only 1/8th the cost of one new , we could n't resist . Not good ! We have n't had much difficulty in attaching it to our adult bikes ; our problem was with the wheels . The plastic rims do not last and can very easily warp , making seating the tire pointless since it will very quickly pop off once you start inflating.In hindsight , we should have purchased a bike trailer with real bike wheels -LRB- ie . metal rims and spokes -RRB- . I would have thought that buying a Little Tikes product would have resulted in quality-especially for the price !
 I usually assume that anything made by Little Tikes will last . This is not the case with this product . A small rubber rod which attaches the stroller to the bike snapped in half . In my opinion , a part which attaches a trailer -LRB- with my child inside -RRB- to my bike should be virtually indestructible . I called Little Tikes , and was told that no replacement parts are stocked for this product . Since I purchased over a year ago , there is no warranty , and I was told to throw away the bike stroller . I am extremely unhappy about this .
 I was very disappointed when I received the Bunnykins bowl and cup for my first grandchild , a boy . I thought I was ordering the racecar pictured on the web site and instead received a much less cute camping scene . The bunnies all look creepy as they have no eyes . Only one adult bunny has a very faint black dot for an eye . Made in Indonesia not Europe . Assume it is safe glazing but who knows ?
 I ordered the Miracle Blanket because a few of my friends swore by its magical powers . Unfortunately , my three month old was way too long , so he could easily kick his way out of the foot slot . After he successfully removed his legs from the blanket , he was wide awake . This scenario occurred for three consecutive nights , and I gave up on the Miracle . Either I have a Houdini , or this is not the miracle most people need for their older newborn .
 If your baby busts out of other swaddles , he will bust out of this one too . Or he will just end up even more tangled up in it . We finally realized not all babies want to be swaddled ! Now this is a 30 $ rag ...
 To all future mommies , do n't buy this product . You do n't want to spend the few hours you do get to sleep trying to wrangle this thing on a newborn or young infant . Swaddling is great at night , when you 're trying to get the baby to sleep on her own and you want to make it as easy as possible for you . I bought three swaddle blankets , the Kiddapotamus , the Miracle Blanket and the Halo Swaddleme Sack Micro Fleece . I have a Winter Baby , and the only one I used consistently that actually got my baby to sleep was the Halo , it 's so easy to use , just zip and velcro that you can do it in the dark in your bedroom after night feedings . And the micro fleece fabric prevents him/her from wriggling out . I have an 8 week old and she is now sleeping 4-5 hour chunks at night . This helped me not disrupt her so that she could fall straight back to sleep after having her night feed . She actually only used the Swaddleme from week 3 - week 6 , but it got her hooked to good sleeping habits that when she outgrew the thing , she continues to sleep well . My neighbor also used the Halo , and her 2 month old was sleeping 6 hours straight . Anyways just buy the Halo one , it 's simpler and easier and wo n't drive you nuts .
 I had a friend tell me that I HAD to get this for my baby , so I did . I only ended up using it about 5 times . I do n't see how it 's any better than a regular swaddling blanket . In fact , I prefer the regular -LRB- 35x35 -RRB- swaddling blankets by Carters -LRB- around $ 10 for a pack of 2 -RRB- . They are soft , stretchy & lightweight -LRB- so baby does n't sweat -RRB- . Maybe if you have trouble swaddling , I can see how this would make it easier , but trust me - with a newborn , you do it enough to get the hang of it pretty quick . I think I read that some people had babies who wiggled their way out of normal blankets so they really liked this , but that 's never happened with my baby .
 Bought 2 and returned one . I did n't like how it strapped the arms down , it was too intrusive and wakes the baby up . Also , it wraps around so many times , it ends up with a buch of blanket under the baby and when you lie him down , he is more reclined .
 It works well if you do it perfectly -LRB- I was only able to do that once -RRB- , but at 2am -LRB- or any time the baby is squirming -RRB- it is too hard to get perfect . I found if it was n't done perfectly my son was easily able to wiggle out of it . Maybe it 's me and I just could n't do it right , but as a parent -LRB- more importantly sleep deprived parent ;--RRB- I needed something easy . I bought the Baby Bonko , which has velcro and is easier to use . It 's still not perfect , but a lot better than the miracle blanket and generally he does not get out of it .
 My baby loved to sleep swaddled , either in receiving blankets or `` Swaddle Me '' blankets . As he began to outgrow these first two options , we decided to try the Miracle Blanket and ordered one from Amazon . We were particularly confident in trying it because of the miracle blanket company 's `` 100 % Satisfaction Guarantee '' . Although we have heard that most babies adore the Miracle Blanket , our child hated it and after several attempts we followed Miracle Blanket 's written directions for returns -LRB- found on their website -RRB- precisely and sent the blanket back expecting a refund . I even spoke with one of their representatives over the phone before sending it . This was over 4 months ago , and we have yet to receive our refund via PayPal.I am now incredibly skeptical of the company 's `` guarantee '' ! Consider yourself warned ...
 We have the Halo , SwaddleMe and Miracle Blanket for our 3 week old . They also gave us another Halo in the hospital as a going-home gift . The Halo is the best out of the three , particularly for the middle of the night diaper changes . I love that I do not have to take the baby completely out of the Halo to change his diaper . I also love that the swaddle portion comes off , which is great when my baby is too hot or wants his arms free . The only downside is that the micro fleece version can be a bit bulky and bunch up a little under the baby 's face . I use the velcro safety straps , so it is never high enough to smother him.The SwaddleMe is the next best . I love its simplicity , but you have to take it off to change a diaper.The Miracle Blanket is the worst . It is way too complicated to wrap . It does not have velcro or snaps to keep it closed , so you have to tuck it ; and you have to take it off to change a diaper . It is the least bulky of the three . However , that is not necessarily a good thing in the cold , midwest winter .
 I am truly and completely baffled . How this product has received so much praise is beyond me.I wo n't waste my time or yours . I 'll say it bluntly and plainly
 Not what I expected . Never understood the directions and , after learning how to swaddle at the hospital , this was more complicated . After the first month , if the baby is strong enough to unwrapped himself , then this product becomes a good idea .
 This was going to be a gift for christmas . it was supposed to arrive 12/17/09 . it did not arrive until 12/24/09 . when i opened the box they had sent me the frame for a girl . i could not get anyone from the company to awnser my emails .
 I used the original BundleMe all winter and loved the convenience and warmth it provided . When it started to get too warm for that , but too cool to go without a blanket , I decided to try the Bundle Me Lite . I assumed it would just be a thinner version of the original . It is not at all the same . I would consider it greatly inferior . We have the Chicco Keyfit and the original fit perfectly in the seat . Although the Lite seems to fit , the material -LRB- nylon or something as opposed to comfy cotton -RRB- is too slippery and it will not stay put , especially when you stick a squirmy baby on top of it . It is difficult to get it zipped once you finally get it correctly situated . The material reminds me of a raincoat or windbreaker - not a blanket . It seems uncomfortable for the baby and I stopped using it after less than a week .
 I bought one of these for my daughter . I had it in the car seat when we left the hospital . The nurses made me take it out . They would n't let her leave the hospital with it . They said it was n't safe to use . They said the it does n't allow the seatbelt straps to lay properly over the baby 's shoulders making it unsafe . I wish I would have known this before I bought it .
 I was NOT pleased with this girl 's photo frame kit . It comes with a PURPLE clay for your child 's handprint . I would NOT have bought this item had that information been disclosed .
 This product is cheaply made , and isnt packed well in shipping . You could easily make this yourself . The stickers dont stick and you have to glue them
 Lets cut to the chase with this unit.Pros : - Compact , fits through most all doors and is ok for shopping - Great Sun Shades , you can flip them all the way forward to the point where they are resting on the lap of the child and fully covered . - Deep storage pockets under the seat . - Cup holdersCons -- You must have a smooth surface or the stroller is a bear to handle . If your sidewalks are heaving , bumpy or being encroached by grass and dirt , you will have difficulty moving this stroller . - NOT FOR POWER WALKING AT ALL - TOO HARD TO CONTROL - Tall people -LRB- 6 '' plus -RRB- kick the center back wheel when walking - Handle is too low for the tall people -LRB- again 6 '' plus -RRB- you have to slouch - It is not agile at all . You must put forth effort to turn sharp or quick . - One side is narrower than the other - 5 point harness is difficult to adjust . It fits too loose for our daughter who is small framed . Yes , it holds her in but only loosely . - When folded , it is still large and a bit heavy for the smaller framed people of the worldI would not buy this stroller again nor recommend it to any other parents For the money any jogger is the way to go with a twin umbrella stroller for shopping or travel if the jogger is too large to come along .
 I purchased the Unity Double stroller in early August . I was very , very unhappy and disappointed with this stroller for the following reasons : ** The canopies are small and do not pivot , which means my 8 month old twins are usually in full or partial sun . ** The stroller is extremely difficult to open and close . Really , really difficult . I was an engineer and my husband is in maintenance and it was a struggle each time we tried . Repeated tries do not `` ease it up '' . This is beyond frustrating . ** And lastly the stroller is very very heavy . And the weight is exaggerated because there is not a good place to grasp the stroller once folded.This stroller was a stretch for my family of five 's budget . I am a stay at home mother of multiples , and really wanted to buy `` only one more stroller '' that would last until they no longer needed to be in a stroller . Due to the complaints listed above , there is no way I could commit to a few years of dragging this stroller in and out of my vehicle several times a day.I am disappointed in the product and the response I have received from your company . I contacted Baby Planet customer service to have a box sent to me so I could return the stroller to the distributor from Amazon . It took over 2 weeks to get the box . I contacted the rep -LRB- there is only one -RRB- in customer service at least 3 times and on each occasion she was less than courteous . When I expressed all of my concerns listed above , the response was `` I have always enjoyed working here '' . While I am sure this is true , it was irrelevant to my complaints about the product and service I was receiving.To date , I received nothing but a `` sorry you did not like our product '' from Baby Planet . I am now forced to pay a very large shipping fee to return the product as well as the restocking fee from the Amazon website company.Do not waste your money on this , consider yourself warned !
 For the price , this stroller is definitely not worth the money . The sun hoods do not pivot , so when you face the sun , your children are in direct sunlight , and there is nothing to do to fix this . The stroller is also incredibly heavy and is very awkward to pick up . I am not a happy customer and am in the process of returning it .
 We purchased this bed five months ago for our then 16 month old . My husband was out of town when it arrived . I put it together by myself in about a half an hour with no difficulty whatsoever . It 's very sturdy , all wood , and not too high off the ground . My son has slept in it from day one with no problems .
 I bought the bed on the strength of the other consumer reviews , thinking that the one complaining about poor customer service was an anomaly . Never again ! The bed showed up without any of the screws or bolts needed to put it together . Several calls to the manufacturer went unanswered.I STRONGLY recommend against purchasing any products from Delta Enterprises . Save yourself the aggravation !
 I would n't know if I like this bed or not . I ordered it over a month ago and still do n't have it set up . Our son was really looking forward to using his `` big boy bed '' , however it has been a nightmare so far . We received the package , and opened it , finding no hardware or instructions . I called the manufacturer and they said they would sent them to me . Two weeks later we get hardware and instructions and sit again to assemble . We find out we are missing all of the support slats for the bottom . I call the manufacturer again . Three weeks later the slats come , so we sit down again to put it together . So page 3 and 4 are missing from the instructions ... we figure it out . Guess what ? There are 2 screws/bolts missing . Still in a crib .
 Super fast shipping from amazon . However , we were missing a part when the bed arrived . I tried to call Delta for the missing part but could only get through to the answering machine . I 've left several messages with no call back . I finally called a random person at the company who was unwilling to help me . She said to send a fax to the company . I sent a fax and still have not been assisted . I will be returning this bed . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
 After recieving this bed my husband fought for hours trying to line up the holes with the screws they did n't match up . He tried taking apart and re-esembling the bed in many different ways trying to make it work . I fought for many frustrating hours too ! This bed was made very poorly . My son can not even sleep in it because once we did get it assembled the screws came loose and eventually fell out . He has no bed ! Now he is afraid to sleep in this bed and we feel it is NOT safe FOR HIM TO SLEEP IN anyway . I also noticed something interesting we never have had this problem with other products we have assembled except some years back we bought a childs ` dresser that fell apart as well . I happened to look at the label on the bed and the bed was built by the same company that built the dresser -LRB- Delta Enterprise -RRB- . I called the manufacturer on the dresser when it started falling apart . They do not refund and expect you to pay to send their product back already assembled -LRB- yea right -RRB- to get a replacement for another unsafe product . They honestly tried to blame me that we used the wrong screw driver , now what will they say about the bed ? I used a different screw driver and followed the directions carefully . I will definately look at the manufacturer next time !! I will stick with the manufacturers we have had no problems with assembling their products and that have proven to be safe at the same time . When it comes to my child 's safety it is NO BARGAIN !!
 When I went to put the bed together the screws were missing then it took the company another week to send me screws . When I finally got the screws the bed was hard to put together.This is a cute bed but I would not recommend it to anyone . If you want this bed order it a year in advance so you have all the parts and can put it together by the time you need to use it !
 We recieved this bed without the screws , bolts , etc. . Called the number for missing parts and it was disconnected . All the other numbers we called went to a message machine and we never heard back from the company . Finally my husband went out and bought the screws and other missing parts -LRB- the directions tell you the size of everything you were suppose to have in the box -RRB- . He was able to put it together in no time and my 19 month old son loves it ! It looks great and is very sturdy . Unfortunately my husband will not order baby furniture items on-line again .
 We bought this product for our son . It has slats for support . It was hard to put together because two of the slats were too thick to fit in the slot for the rail , and you have to line them all up so the pegs fit in the holes . Relunctant to take it back , my husband sanded the edge a little , and it worked . It looked GREAT when we put it together . Less than 12 hours later , my 35-pound son plopped down -LRB- he did NOT bounce at all -RRB- on his new bed , and the slat snapped right in half . Turns out it is `` engineered '' wood
 I had the exact same model a few years back for my oldest boy which I ordered thru Target via Amazon . Quite satisfied , I reordered the same for my second boy . It arrived in awful condition badly gouged and damaged , scraped and banged up . The damage was from the warehouse and not delivery as the outer package was in perfect shape . The inconvenience of returning this bulky item which already took close to three weeks to arrive , is more then I wished to contend with but would advise to anyone considering ordering this online to be cautious as yours too may arrive terribly damaged . I gave this two stars as it is very functional , economical and when not so terribly damaged , very cute ... thankfully my three year old is unaware of the cosmetic damage and enjoys his ` big boy ' bed .
 I almost bought this bed , thank you for all the reviews . I refuse to buy this bed . Sounds like the company is terrible to work with to get parts , etc. . They just lost a sale . Not to mention other people who decided not to purchase this item due to comments made by people who received poor service . It might be a great bed but I do n't want to be treated that way . Service does matter .
 Do not buy this seat !!! I was using it tonight and my son put his thumb on the edge by the hinge . When I swung the tray closed I caught his thumb between the tray and the seat . With all the leverage of the tray you can imagine how hard he got pinched and how hard he screamed . He cried so hard he threw up . At least the tray was good for catching that !
 I usually love The First Years products . I already had the fisher price healthy care booster seat and loved it . I wanted to leave that one at my parents and have one to travel with so I thought I 'd try this one . I was expecting to love the swing feature , it was the one thing I thought was missing out on the fisher price one . Well , I returned this chair w/in 24 hours and bought a second fisher price one . Here are the reasons why ; The base of the chair is hollow and wobbly , it is also very wide and did n't comfortably fit across a normal kitchen chair . You have to attach the straps yourself when purchased and they are also too wide . At their tightest level they were still way too loose to be secure . Thought the swing out feature would be great but when the tray swings out , and then you wipe baby 's hands , as you 're putting your hands under his pits to lift him off , he 's already got his hands in the leftover mess on the tray . The back of the chair comes off every time you fold it down . You have to take the chair apart to adjust the level . And when folded up , it 's not as compact and portable as fisher price 's model . Do yourself a favor and splurge the extra $ 5 for the healthy care booster seat .
 This seat is a great concept , it just does n't stay together very well . I took it back to the store and they marked it as `` defective '' . For a few dollars more , I got the `` Healthy Care Booster Seat '' from Fisher Price . I 've had much better luck with it .
 I purchased this chair for use at the grandparent 's house when we travel , and it does fine for that purpose . I do n't use the tray anymore though , because it falls off when my toddler leans on it , and she is small for her age . It works fine to push her up to the table though .
 This bed was a disaster . . The holes did not line up properly with the wood it took hours to put together assembling and reassembling . The bed fell apart as the screws did not fit in the holes properly , the wood came cracked at the end of the bed and it came with several large and noticeable scratches . I wish I would have read the other review before I bought this bed !! Obviously not a fluke like I thought ... . I ca n't believe they would sell a bed especially a toddler bed like this !
 This bed was a disaster . . The holes did not line up properly with the wood it took hours to put together assembling and reassembling . The bed fell apart as the screws did not fit in the holes properly , the wood came cracked at the end of the bed and it came with several large and noticeable scratches . I wish I would have read the other review before I bought this bed !! Obviously not a fluke like I thought ... . I ca n't believe they would sell a bed especially a toddler bed like this !
 We purchased this bed five months ago for our then 16 month old . My husband was out of town when it arrived . I put it together by myself in about a half an hour with no difficulty whatsoever . It 's very sturdy , all wood , and not too high off the ground . My son has slept in it from day one with no problems .
 I bought the bed on the strength of the other consumer reviews , thinking that the one complaining about poor customer service was an anomaly . Never again ! The bed showed up without any of the screws or bolts needed to put it together . Several calls to the manufacturer went unanswered.I STRONGLY recommend against purchasing any products from Delta Enterprises . Save yourself the aggravation !
 I had the exact same model a few years back for my oldest boy which I ordered thru Target via Amazon . Quite satisfied , I reordered the same for my second boy . It arrived in awful condition badly gouged and damaged , scraped and banged up . The damage was from the warehouse and not delivery as the outer package was in perfect shape . The inconvenience of returning this bulky item which already took close to three weeks to arrive , is more then I wished to contend with but would advise to anyone considering ordering this online to be cautious as yours too may arrive terribly damaged . I gave this two stars as it is very functional , economical and when not so terribly damaged , very cute ... thankfully my three year old is unaware of the cosmetic damage and enjoys his ` big boy ' bed .
 I almost bought this bed , thank you for all the reviews . I refuse to buy this bed . Sounds like the company is terrible to work with to get parts , etc. . They just lost a sale . Not to mention other people who decided not to purchase this item due to comments made by people who received poor service . It might be a great bed but I do n't want to be treated that way . Service does matter .
 I would n't know if I like this bed or not . I ordered it over a month ago and still do n't have it set up . Our son was really looking forward to using his `` big boy bed '' , however it has been a nightmare so far . We received the package , and opened it , finding no hardware or instructions . I called the manufacturer and they said they would sent them to me . Two weeks later we get hardware and instructions and sit again to assemble . We find out we are missing all of the support slats for the bottom . I call the manufacturer again . Three weeks later the slats come , so we sit down again to put it together . So page 3 and 4 are missing from the instructions ... we figure it out . Guess what ? There are 2 screws/bolts missing . Still in a crib .
 Super fast shipping from amazon . However , we were missing a part when the bed arrived . I tried to call Delta for the missing part but could only get through to the answering machine . I 've left several messages with no call back . I finally called a random person at the company who was unwilling to help me . She said to send a fax to the company . I sent a fax and still have not been assisted . I will be returning this bed . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
 After recieving this bed my husband fought for hours trying to line up the holes with the screws they did n't match up . He tried taking apart and re-esembling the bed in many different ways trying to make it work . I fought for many frustrating hours too ! This bed was made very poorly . My son can not even sleep in it because once we did get it assembled the screws came loose and eventually fell out . He has no bed ! Now he is afraid to sleep in this bed and we feel it is NOT safe FOR HIM TO SLEEP IN anyway . I also noticed something interesting we never have had this problem with other products we have assembled except some years back we bought a childs ` dresser that fell apart as well . I happened to look at the label on the bed and the bed was built by the same company that built the dresser -LRB- Delta Enterprise -RRB- . I called the manufacturer on the dresser when it started falling apart . They do not refund and expect you to pay to send their product back already assembled -LRB- yea right -RRB- to get a replacement for another unsafe product . They honestly tried to blame me that we used the wrong screw driver , now what will they say about the bed ? I used a different screw driver and followed the directions carefully . I will definately look at the manufacturer next time !! I will stick with the manufacturers we have had no problems with assembling their products and that have proven to be safe at the same time . When it comes to my child 's safety it is NO BARGAIN !!
 When I went to put the bed together the screws were missing then it took the company another week to send me screws . When I finally got the screws the bed was hard to put together.This is a cute bed but I would not recommend it to anyone . If you want this bed order it a year in advance so you have all the parts and can put it together by the time you need to use it !
 We recieved this bed without the screws , bolts , etc. . Called the number for missing parts and it was disconnected . All the other numbers we called went to a message machine and we never heard back from the company . Finally my husband went out and bought the screws and other missing parts -LRB- the directions tell you the size of everything you were suppose to have in the box -RRB- . He was able to put it together in no time and my 19 month old son loves it ! It looks great and is very sturdy . Unfortunately my husband will not order baby furniture items on-line again .
 We bought this product for our son . It has slats for support . It was hard to put together because two of the slats were too thick to fit in the slot for the rail , and you have to line them all up so the pegs fit in the holes . Relunctant to take it back , my husband sanded the edge a little , and it worked . It looked GREAT when we put it together . Less than 12 hours later , my 35-pound son plopped down -LRB- he did NOT bounce at all -RRB- on his new bed , and the slat snapped right in half . Turns out it is `` engineered '' wood
 This product is very pretty but does not fit the Graco Safe Seat as it is too narrow and short for it .
 I got it for a EvenFlo baby seat & it fits like crap !!! Does ' t stay on the top part of the carrier -LRB- right at her head !! -RRB- It 's a newer seat manufactured in Sept. 2008 , so maybe thats why ? I was going to get the fleece one because we travel to chilly areas but now I wo n't .
 This product has a great appearance in the stock photo , but did NOT look like that on my son 's carseat . It fit very akwardly and would be a pain to reposition each time I put him in it ... therefore , I am sending it back ! I do n't know if the thickness of the regular Bundle Me would keep it in place a bit better , but this one just did n't work out for me at all ...
 Very thin fabric . Blankets look worn even though purchased brand new . Will likely use for cleaning rags rather than something to wrap my baby in .
 I did a lot of research before I bought a booster . I read reviews here , and other sites as well . I saw some complaints here about adjusting the straps in the back , and figured I 'd take a look myself and see how hard they were to adjust . I was able to adjust the height of the straps fairly easily -LRB- just press the metal plate straight down , and slide up to reinstall -RRB- . Installed the seat , no problem . Then we tried to put my 19 month old daughter in the seat . The problem is that the adjuster buckle is so close to the chest clip on the right . The straps are adjustable for the left shoulder , left hip , and right hip . The right shoulder strap length is not adjustable , and since the buckle is right there , the chest clip was right under my daughter 's chin . I took the seat back and went with the Evenflo Generations .
 I would not suggest purchasing this product , the straps as others have pointed out are impossible to adjust , it too me over an hour to adjust then with the help of a screwdriver and then I was unable to securely put then back in to place one I got them to the desired height . The arm rests are very cheap and fell off everytime my son got in and out of the seat . I used it for one evening but will be returning it , as I just do not feel it is safe .
 I bought 2 of these car seats , and totally regret my decision . I made the decision based on the padding , arm rests , and cup holder . So far the padding is the only thing remaining . The arm rests and cup holder wo n't stay on . Because they will not stay on , they pose a safety hazard . If we were to ever get in to an accident , they could become projectile , and injure a child . This car set has been a huge disappointment . Save your money , and do n't buy this seat .
 I have always liked Evenflo carseats from infant to infant/toddler and even a booster until this one . I purchased 3 of these that seemed to have had the same flaw . The adjustable straps in the back were very difficult to move upward and when moved the metal lock would not snap back into place on the left side . The lip that holds the piece in was not entirely there and kept popping out . I had checked the manufactured date on all three of them and they all were made in Nov 04 . So with that said hopefully the next batch of seats will be better until then I off to search for another brand and see what they have to offer .
 We purchased this booster seat 2 months ago for our 22 month old son . I love everything about it except all the accessories . The cup holder does n't stay put , the arm rests can get sticky and I washed the pad once and it is falling apart ! There is blue fuzz all over it and I washed it alone ! The stitching is coming loose and it looks pilled and it 's brand new ! It looks like it 's 2 years old after washing it . I am calling Evenflo b/c I can not imagine that Babies R Us will take it back looking like that , even with a receipt ! I would n't but this seat for the fact that that nice looking seat will not stand up to washing !
 This car seat looks great BUT1 -RRB- Was difficult for my husband to install -LRB- LATCH -RRB- 2 -RRB- The straps are VERY DIFFICULT to adjust . There is no handy button at the base of the seat , but the adjuster is right by the chest buckle which is awkward . This was the most frustrating feature as I would have to adjust them nearly every time I put my son in the car . -LRB- based on changing weather -RRB- . The only way I could get the straps adjusted was to not have my son in the seat , and that is n't very helpful to know how tight to make the straps !! I am used to my Britax -LRB- which I loved loved loved -RRB- .3 -RRB- My son was always complaining that his ` neck hurt ' . My guess is the straps were rubbing up against his skin .4 -RRB- I found myself always digging to find the buckles . Again , I am used to having the Britax Roundabout where the straps Velcro to the side of the seat and are always ready to go.I am getting ready to return my seat tomorrow ! It has been nothing but a frustration to me .
 We bought this carseat , took it home , had a heck of a time getting our child to fit in it -LRB- he is only 28 pounds -RRB- had a really hard time with the harness , and adjusting them in the back , I had to get a butter knife to adjust it and then on the left side it still doesnt fit right , I came on here to try to get information on helping me and found this site . I am sooo glad . I read the reviews and for the most part , it seems like everyone has the same problems , so I will be taking it back , I am so thankful I found this in time and very thankful for all the reviews from people who actually used this carseat . If it is this hard to deal with , down the road I would have only wished I had n't bought it . So thanks to all the reviews !!
 Arm rests are flimsy and do not stay secure very well . When placing our 35lb 4 yr old in seat sometimes her legs will brush over the arm rests . They fall off and it is very annoying . Cup holder cheaply made and does n't stay secure either ; it also slants back a little . I am sick and tired of always pushing these pieces back into their slots . Straps do n't seem to even out no matter how much I try to adjust . Buckle receiver way too short and close to her bottom . However it is hard to unclick so I know she ca n't do it and is safe .
 After owning this booster for only 1o months the clip which tightesn the belt to the car has lost its grip . We have moved the seat from our car to grandmas two times and its now too loose.If you plan to move this seat from car to car do not buy this seat . The seat jiggles from side to side and is very wobbly in the car . . it is obviously unsafe . There is no way to tighten it now.We have to go out today to replace this seat .
 I found this seat to be well padded , fashionable , easy to adjust , etc. . Thought it was perfect . However , my 2 year old son likes to climb into his car seat himself , when doing so , he holdsthe armrest for support . This armrest is NOT attached to the seat , it pops into a plastic hole . He leaned on it , the arm let go and he went flying backward . If I had not been standing behind him , he would have fallen on his back and hit his head heavily on the pavement . The armrest is now broken and can not be used . A 30 pound child broke this and almost got injured . The attachments are cheaply made of pliable plastic and are easily broken . I have 2 other car seats in my husbands car and my mother inlaws , both have attached , built-in arm rests -LRB- both are Eddie Bauer -RRB- and have never had this problem .
 I do n't even know where to begin , that 's how horrible we found this seat to be . First off , the harness
 We tried several seats the day we bought this one . Even took them out of the store and tried them in the car before we picked one . Had our son sit in them , but made the mistake of not actually latching it . We thought the one sided strap adjustment was a little weird , but we thought we 'd get used to it because the seat was nice otherwise . Well , it was awful . It was hard as heck to adjust the harness , and the latch between our son 's legs dug into his thighs , plus the latch across his chest had to be squeezed very hard to get it open . Since this seat was going in the back of a two-door compact car , this seat was WAY too much trouble to get him in and out of . I absolutely do not recommend this seat at all.We have a Cosco Alpha Omega in one car and it 's great aside from a little twisting on the straps . And the one we replaced the Evenflo with is a Graco Ultra CarGo and so far it 's fantastic . If you 're interested in this seat , please make sure you try out all the adjustments and latches and get your child to sit in it to make sure it 's comfortable before you buy it .
 There were positive things that attracted me to this seat :1 . Reasonable cost .2 . Atrractive non-busy pattern .3 . Nice accessories for my child ; cup holder , storage bag , armrests and many comfy looking pillows and support pads.I ended up returning this seat because it was very difficult to adjust the straps . Yoh have to twist and pop them out of the back of the seat . It was only possible with a scewdriver and many attempts . The directions made it look a whole lot easier.Another issue I had was with the chest strap adjuster . It sat against her chest right underneath the clip and she did n't like it . It was hard to keep the chest clip right at armpit level.The head pillow and lumbar padding was nice , but too much for my daughter . I had to remove it in order for her to get a good fit . It was very easy to remove.Lastly , her chest buckle was very difficult to open and close . I had to use a lot of pressure to squeeze it . I do n't believe all Evenflo car seats have that problem . I think my seat happened to be defective .
 I purchase the same brand/style seat back in Jan. 2004 . I am replacing it due to an accident . I bought the upgraded model because the model involved in the accident is discontinued . I was very happy with the previous model especially because it held up well in an accident , however the new version is a bit more difficult . Like another reviewer said , the straps are not easy to adjust . Installation of this seat was a bear . The other model -LRB- and my other car seats -RRB- have a split seat cover so you can help guide the seat belt or LATCH when installing it . This seat does not have that split , so I found myself with my hand stuck in the back of the plastic hole -LRB- not very comfortable ! -RRB- Also , the belt guides for when your child grows out of the harness unit are covered by the seat cover . I am returning this seat today and trying another .
 I just bought this for our 2 year old son -- had n't even installed it and had a big headache adjusting the straps in the back . I finally had to use a butter knife to pop the buckle out in the back but ca n't pop it back in after adjusting . I 'm returning this seat - adjusting straps should NOT be this difficult .
 I have bought several EvenFlo products over the last 3 years , and there is a common theme , they are all unusable . The problems stated by others regarding adjusting the straps is true . It defies physics and can not be done without possibly damaging the seat . Not something I am willing to do with a product `` designed '' to keep my child safe.I am returning this product today , and will never make the mistake of buying an EvenFlo product again . Hopefully this review will help some other folks avoid the same problem.One last lesson , always buy Gracco ... they know what they 're doing .
 This product is terrible . As prior reviews have suggested , the tray is VERY difficult to attach to the seat and presents a ridiculous pinching hazard for my toddler . It is unusable.This product is terrible . As prior reviewers have suggested , the tray is VERY difficult to attach to the seat and presents a ridiculous pinching hazard for my toddler . I need to push full force on the tray and it attaches with a huge snap - imagine if your child 's finger or arm was against this tray when you finally managed to connect it ? It is unusable . I was unable to return the seat to the store where i purchased it , and now am left with a big piece of plastic to recycle . I have submitted a comment to Safety First to see if they can resolve this issue .
 I have great nieces and nephews , who visit and I wanted something inexpensive to use for them to eat , instead of somebody holding her/him . I purchased this Booster Seat about 3 months ago , and had a chance to use it today.The seat is sturdy and the harness straps hold the booster securely to chair , but it is not worth the aggravation of dealing with this tray . I could n't get it on , so had my husband try . He finally got it on , but we had to get it off . After we finally got it off , we looked at each other and said , `` We were n't doing that again ! `` In a year it will serve as a booster , but they really could have come up with a better design that this !
 I like having a booster seat rather than a full size high chair . It takes up less room and works just as well . But not his one , the tray is such a pain to attach ! We finally stopped using it and purchased the fisher price model that is very similar to this -- except the tray is MUCH easier to attach .
 This seat looks like the Fisher Price , but is not even close ! Received this as a baby shower gift and did n't open it until about 4 months later when I was ready to try it . BIG MISTAKE ! The tray would not fit on the chair no matter how hard I tried . It had been to long to return to the store and they suggested I contact the manufacturer since it was defected . I did , they were friendly , but in the end just caused me to waist more time . In order to send me a new tray I had to provide them proof that I had registered for this as a shower gift . It was a little bit of a hassle , but I was able to get a receipt for that and send it to them . They sent me another tray which did n't even look like the right size . Needless to say , it would n't fit either . I contacted them again and was told that they appreciated my time and would make sure they noted that there were some problems with this item . I replaced it with the Fisher Price and am so happy with that product , that we have never even bothered moving the big highchair out of storage for our second son . They may look the same but , I found the Safety 1st version to be junk . It was definitely a waist of time and money .
 My 10-month old recent tried an older model booster chair at a friend 's and I thought it would be a great thing to have when visiting relatives , etc. . My friend 's chair was a Safety First product , and I thought this would be the same/similar to the older model that we tried at her house -- wrong ! She must have something like the Safety First Grow With Me Portable Booster Seat , because the model that I purchased -LRB- featured here -RRB- has an * impossible * tray that I can not attach . I have tried several times and have succeeded only twice . I am 5 ' 4 '' 110 lbs and I had to apply MAXIMUM force to get the tray to snap in -- I can not imagine performing this task while my hungry child sits in the seat ! I am * really * disappointed . I plan to return this featured chair to the store today . Safety First really needs to re-examine the snap-in design of this tray ...
 I bought this seat as an extra to have for travel . The tray is almost impossible to snap into place . I plan to return it and get the Fisher Price Healthy Care Booster . I 'm sure it 's worth the extra $ 5 .
 I bought this Safety First Deluxe Care Portable Booster for my baby girl . We tried and tried and only once managed to get the tabs on the tray aligned properly that secure the tray to the arms of the seat . I do n't think our model was malfunctioning -- I believe it was just designed that way for whatever reason . We took it back and paid $ 4 more for the Fisher Price model . It is superbly easy to use and very well made/durable . We use it all the time .
 this is a terrible seat . The tray is very hard to put on and if you happen to get a finger while trying it would be very bad . I was always worried about that until I put the tray on and my son started screaming ... I had pinched his skin on his tummy and cut him pretty bad . I felt terrible . I called the company and told them - they are replacing my seat w / the grow w / me -LRB- i have had that in the past and its a great seat -RRB- . Their service was good - so I was happy w / that ... but they should just stop making this seat .
 Yes , it 's easy to clean . Yes , it takes up much less space than a high chair . Yes , it folds and is portable . But , the tray is almost impossible to get on or off because the tabs that hold the tray onto the chair fit so tightly and are so large and rigid . This is a design flaw , plain and simple . The Fisher Price tray has a totally different design that allows for easy on-and-off but holds the tray in place just as well , if not better .
 As soon as I set this seat up and tried it out with my daughter I decided to take it back . The tray is difficult , time-consuming , and possibly hazardous to attach . You have to move it back and forth a little to find the right slots and then you have to press down REALLY hard . It took me multiple attempts . I had visions of fingers slipping underneath and getting pinched while I was trying to put the tray on -LRB- this did n't happen , but it made me uneasy -RRB- . I ca n't see doing this three times a day with an impatient , hungry toddler.Another thing I did n't like is that the waist belt straps are very tight . The harness straps may not fit an older/larger child . We have higher than standard dining chairs , so we need to use 3-point safety straps for a while longer , even though our daughter is 17 months old . She is small for her age -LRB- still in 12-month pants -RRB- , but the waist straps barely close around her waist to buckle . The straps come out of the middle of the seat back instead of at the sides , so they do n't reach as far around as other seat straps of the same length . There should be excess length to compensate for their location on the seat back . Design flaw in my opinion . No room for growing toddlers or extra big babies.The removable top tray is a nice idea but it does n't snap very tightly into place , so an older baby or toddler can whip it right off , along with any food on top of it.I give this booster one star for the rubber grips on the bottom that keep it from sliding around much on the chair seat . Nice design feature and the reason I chose this chair over others in the first place . It does seem to be pretty secure on the chair seat . It also looks easy to clean.If you just need the extra height of this seat and do n't ever need a tray or safety harness around the child , then this seat would probably be fine for you . Otherwise , buy a different booster seat .
 Not only is the tray nearly impossible to get on and off , but it 's a safety issue , as well . My nine month old began to choke and I needed to get her out of the chair quickly - and could n't . Luckily , she was okay , but I 'm afraid to use the chair anymore . Also , if your child has even slightly chunky thighs or a thick waist this wo n't work for you . The tray sits really low on their legs and pinches and I ca n't even get the seatbelt to buckle around her waist -LRB- it 's not long enough -RRB- . My daughter is only in the 75th percentile for her age - so she 's not that big .
 If you are just using the seat at the table , this booster is fine . However if you want to use it more as a high chair , look elsewhere . The tray is impossibly difficult to snap onto the seat and also hard to get off . The white top tray designed to keep the bottom tray clean is too easy to remove so the baby will just pull it off and make a mess . As a seat , it 's OK as long as you are putting your child at the table and rarely using the tray with it .
 We got it on clearance at Walmart , so I guess I ca n't complain too much . But now we ca n't sell it either and it 's pretty much a waste . First time we used it the back wheel brake broke off . There 's no tray on the back , which stinks for your second child . Difficult to steer , just not impressing overall .
 This stroller looks good on paper -LRB- and in the picture -RRB- , but there has been some type of oversite on the part of Eddie Bauer . The stroller seat is fine if you have an infant . If you have a larger child , the seat back is n't tall enough to support a child 's head if your child is over the age of two . Depending the on size of your child . Also , once you have assembled the stroller to figure this out , BABY AGE WILL NOT ACCEPT THE STROLLER FOR RETURN !!!!! Nor will Amazon . Happy hunting .
 This was very much like the stroller that you can rent at Disneyland , which was great for my almost 2 year old . Unfortunately though this product says it is for up to 40 lbs my child was too tall for it . She is 30 '' tall and her head was about 4 '' above the back of the stroller . Since the shipping is so much -LRB- the downside of Amazon Prime is you pay full shipping both ways when you return an item -RRB- we are keeping it . Anyone want to buy it ? Never used !
 This is not big enough for a toddler , the back rest is not tall enough to support a toddlers head . Also I do n't like the footreast flap . Otherwise it is a great buy . I guess if your child stays small it would be a great stroller .
 I loved this bedding set when we first received it . It went so well with the theme of our daughters room . Within a couple of washings the elastic on the sheet broke . We could no longer use the sheet because it would n't fit tight on the mattress . We used the quilt on the floor for our daughter to play on . After a couple of months the appliqu&eacute; on the quilt started coming off . Although this is a cute set I would not recommend purchasing this due to the bad quality .
 I bought this bib thinking that it would help with catching food etc when my one year old eats , but the plastic covering on the material started separating after the first HANDWASH ! not even putting it in a dishwasher etc !!!! This product does not hold up ... i am now looking for another pocket bib ... do n't waste your money !
 We bought two of these bibs and enjoyed them for a couple months . We would wash Crocodile Creek bibs using a rag and dish soap and let them dry -LRB- took at least four hours -RRB- , so it was good to have two in rotation . The velcro held up and did n't scratch him and he did n't mind them . The pocket worked marginally well . But then my son started eat regular table food and these bibs started to smell from being used too many times -- like wet fabric . So I tried a Baby Bjorn bib -LRB- hard plastic with open pouch -RRB- and fell in love . Only need one of those because it can be easily wiped dry and it 's only a couple more dollars than this one . Too bad about the CC bibs since they are so cute .
 It 's important to know that this floor puzzle has lots and lots and lots of little pieces - geared more toward three/five year old ...
 The description says `` slipcover zips off for easy cleaning '' , but the product did not come with a slipcover . The pillow itself is in the blue gingham pattern . Now I have to find a slipcover that wo n't blend in with the blue gingham pattern underneath .
 I got one of these as a gift . I never use it . There are major flaws with these slings .1
 i like the idea of the sling but the design of ring and its weaknesses and fabric material makes it very difficult to adjust once the baby is inside due to the gravity of the baby . also due to that i 'm not sure if the baby is in proper position or not or it could affect the bone of my baby . dont recommend this unless the fabric is softer and ring is stronger to easily adjust
 I thought for the price this one would be good , but it comes with poorly written instructions and it took two of us to get my son in it - once in it was not very supportive . I 'm putting it aside until he is a litte older to see if maybe it will work better for us then .
 I bought this one in pink-lavender stripes and found that it 's impossible to use it correctly and very uncomfortable for the child in it -LRB- the whole body and especially the neck -RRB- . I prefer the `` real '' carriers though . I would not recommend this type of carrier to anyone .
 Our DD hated this product . It nearly suffocated her , and caused what we think is painful bending in the neck and spine . She still hates it at 4 months , but loves the Baby Bjorn.I think it will be more useful when she is 6-9 months old , but I see no reason to kill your back with this when the Bjorn works so well .
 I bought this sling for my newborn and I LOVED the idea of a sling so I could have my hands free while holding him close . It is VERY difficult to use this sling without feeling like baby 's head is either `` chin-crunched '' or flopping all around . Maybe I 'm over cautious but only once did I feel comfortable with him in it . I did return this sling only because of useage issues . The fabric , instruction manual , pattern and rings all seemed just fine . It was a little more pink in color than I thought it would be . If you 're looking for an alternative I spent the extra money on the Moby wrap and I am THRILLED with it . It 's not difficult to use once you get a routine down and baby seems a lot more secure and I 'm a lot more comfortable .
 I took a babywearing class led by someone who helps make the international rules for babywearing . She told me that the rings used in this ring sling are craft rings , not babywearing rings . Now that I know what to look for , I can see that there really is a BIG DIFFERENCE ! These rings are tiny and flimsy compared with a real ring sling . That , coupled with the pointless padding along the rails of this sling make it impossible to adjust easily . I struggled to use this for the entire first month of my baby 's life and finally upgraded to a professionally made ring sling . The difference is unquestionable . I will say that the fabric in this sling is pretty , but it is also single-sided and very thin . I ended up giving it away to a friend to use as home decor . If you want a real ring sling , look for something condoned by Babywearing International ... or at least check their website for the features you should look for .
 I bought this product for my newborn and unless you have a gargantuan baby this sling will sag to or below your waist . I adjusted it as tight as I could and I just went to walgreens and bought a sling by infantino ... it was a waste of my money
 Material waaaay to thin and flimsy . Ring does not hold weight of a baby . Baby could easily fall right out . Instructions terrible . Immediately bought me a Mosby wrap to use instead of this crap .
 This thing was too long . It was n't what i expected . I lost my money . Ca n't even used it and can not returned it because I already put the receipt in the garbage . What a waste !!!!!!!
 Yea , I received this product , opened it , packed it back up , sent it back . The thing is impossible to figure out how to use . Only positive is that I got my money back ASAP from Amazon : -RRB-
 Difficult to put on and get baby in , and I did n't `` trust '' it anyway , so I pretty much was holding the baby while using this thing , which defeats the purpose . IMO , it 's junk . Great idea though , if it actually worked . Overpriced piece of fabric is all it is .
 It is just too difficult to use it . It 's just been sitting there . Maybe I am the type who does n't like to read instructions ; they seems to long to read . When I try it on with my baby , it does n't seems to work .
 I wish I never bought this product . It is really really uncomfortable to adjust and always has extra fabric hanging in the area where the baby should be sitting , so it never supports her correctly . No wonder my baby hates it .
 I was still pregnant when I ordered this and a newbie babywearer at best . I wanted a ring sling and liked the padded shoulder and the low price of this item . Unfortunately the padded rails rendered it useless for me , as I could n't snug it up tight enough to use before the padding would hit the ring . I 'm 5 ' 5 '' and have an average build , so it 's not like I 'm super petite or anything . It was even too big for my husband who 's 6 ' with an athletic build . I may yet try cutting it apart to get some use out of it -LRB- I 'd already washed it before the baby arrived , and did n't realize until I 'd tried using it with him that it would n't work -RRB- , but ended up buying a different sling from Sleeping Baby that I absolutely love -- even if it was more than twice as expensive.I will say the Charcoal Parsemage was quite nice looking though !
 I found this carrier to be horribly uncomfortable for carrying my 15 pounder . The shoulder strap cut into my neck , and the waist strap was thin and offered no support at all . I returned it after trying to wear it for about 15 minutes . It 's too bad because I really wanted this to work for us !
 I bought this baby carrier because my baby was outgrowing the Baby Bjorn that I loved so much when she was smaller . I saw the Combi Urban Carrier online and thought it was perfect . I liked the look of it and I liked the position that she would be in . I ordered it right away . As soon as I got it I put her in it and ... OUCH ! All of her weight went straight to the side of my neck . I got her out and readjusted and tried again with the same result . I tried it several ways . My husband tried it too and neither one of us could stand it . It was returned immediately . I do n't recommend this product at all .
 I ordered this product , but I have read in more than one book that these drops have been proved ineffective . The control group was given water and it worked just as well . It makes you feel so much better as a parent to be doing something ... but check out the studies . Unfortunately this product does not work.The saline drops sold by the same company are good , however .
 I tried these gas relief drops on my son numerous times . These did absolutely nothing for his gas-except when he 'd swollow them he 'd not scream for maybe a couple seconds.The pediatrician also mentioned that there have been no studies on these types of products that prove they even do anything for babies . Sometimes it will work , but if you do n't see a significant difference you should stop using them all together .
 I bought this because it looked so cuddly and snuggly for my baby and because so many people had reviewed it as being helpful for keeping newborn heads where they should be in the carseat . It is nice and soft and cuddly , and made of much nicer fabric than that ghastly polyester grayco liner , but I did not find it helpful and I did not find that it positioned my baby any better than she was in the carseat on her own.My main concern with this product is not that my baby will fly out of her carseat in a crash as warned by the 1-star reviews , my concern is that this did not prevent her head from flopping FORWARD -- infact , it was difficult for me to position the head pillow in a way that did n't make forward-flopping worse . This chin-to-chest posture can restrict airflow . Newborns ca n't necessarily protest or lift their heads to compensate when they 're being deprived of oxygen . I was warned about this at my baby-carrier group -LRB- before the sling recall , where some of the babies died for this exact reason -RRB- and it was something I worried about when my daughter was young because her head seemed to always fall forward in the carseat , even when it said it was well-positioned . I would not recommend this product to a new parent . It looks really cozy , but it did n't stop my daughter 's head from flopping in the direction I consider most dangerous , and it really only even fit around her in her carseat for a matter of weeks anyway . I love other products from this company -LRB- like the swaddle-me !!! -RRB- but the snuzzler is just another piece of baby junk that I could have done without .
 If you have a Peg Perego SIP car seat do n't waste your time buying this , because it does not fit with the car seat side - impact wings . If you do n't believe me , google `` Snuzzler '' and `` Peg Perego '' and you will see someone else stating this , and they have posted photos . The reason I have given this 2 stars is because it fits in my Graco Sweetpeace swing and my baby likes it in there . It looks quite comfy . I just wish it fit like it should in the car seat !
 Warning ! This product should not be used in a car seat . The extra padding that is placed behind the child causes more slack between the child and the harness straps . This extra material will compress in a crash , and the child could slip out of the car seat , causing serious injury or even death . It is fine to use the snuzzler in a swing or carrier , but not in a car seat .
 I bought this for my first baby , did not do anything to keep his head from flopping all over . Kept using it anyways , came in handy for the one total blow out he had . Otherwise only good for waisting money , needing readjusted alot , and needing washed .
 I was very excited about this until I washed it and all the batting on the inside bunched up terribly . I am in the market for a replacement . I took the two snuzzlers -LRB- $ worth -RRB- I bought back to the store !
 I do n't usually take the time out to write product reviews but I had to for this snuzzler ... I was initially happy about the snuzzler . . It gave enough support and cushioning ... The problem came when we went for a long trip.My baby was sleeping in this for couple of hours . . when we tried to take her out from the car seat , the Velcro of this snuzzler was struck in baby 's hair . . we could n't take her out from car seat . . we were very tensed , and baby was crying ... we made her sit in the car seat , gave her milk , and then tried to take the Velcro strap out of her hair very slowly while she was drinking her milk ... luckily we could take the Velcro out of her hair without much injury to her back of her head . . The Velcro straps are not firm , it bends . . So be very careful abt this ...
 it can give your infant a heat stroke if you are not careful , they should make similar with natural fabric
 I was told at the hospital to never use any product with a car seat that was not specifically approved by the car seat manufacturer . Their safety tests are based only on the car seat and they can not make any claims about your baby 's safety if they never tested using items such as these.I got one of these for my shower and returned it . I agree it would have been nice to have for my newborn who tended to flop around in the seat for a few weeks , but I would n't take the chance .
 This is a great product for use in infant swings or bouncy seats , but I wish the labeling was clear that it is not safe to be used with infant carseats . Use of this or similar products with a carseat can make the straps of the seat unacceptably loose .
 My daughter was small , but this really seemed very cumbersome to use . Did n't really see the need for this-a much better buy that my mother insisted on was the harness pillow for support .
 There is a reason not to use this and it is simple , if the unthinkable happens and you are in an accident and your child is injured or god forbid killed you have no recourse whatsoever because you have voided your car seats warranty . All car seat manuals specifically state that the use of ANY after market product , which this is , voids the warranty of the seat . Just something to think about , it does n't matter if there is n't any padding or anything else , simply by using this product in the car seat you have given up any legal recourse you might have if for some reason the seat fails in an accident even if the snuzzler had nothing to do with it because you voided your warranty and went against the specific instructions in the manual which clearly states not to use any after market products in the seat .
 It looks nice and cuddly , easy to install , etc. . But be aware , that some -LRB- if not all -RRB- US hospitals WILL NOT LET YOU USE THIS to take your newborn home . The nurse that checked us out on car seat safety/use insisted that we remove this before letting us take our son home . She claims they have been poven unsafe.If it 's unsafe like the nurse claimed , then why does everyone seem to use them ?? I was unable to return ours which upset me even more .
 the head support doesnt fit to my car seat . my baby head is squeeze and i guess it only fit in the stroller . i like the touch of it but i have to return it .
 You must not put ANY padding behind your baby in a carseat . The padding could compress in an accident , creating slack in the harness . Your baby could be ejected from the seat.If you have this , PLEASE discontinue use.These aftermarket products render your carseat 's warranty completley null and void.You should NEVER use any product with your carseat that did n't come with the carseat when you bought it . Any other product has not been tested with the seat and can not be guaranteed to be safe .
 I have not recieved this item , ordered it on the 17th November , today is the 20th december , they estimated time of delievery at the lastest would 14th december , getting impatient now !!!! they sedn it could be another 4-6weeks , not good service at all !!!
 I thought this was the perfect gift for my Sister-in-law at her shower ... we set it up in the carseat and it was sooo cute !! Weeks later at the hospital they would n't let her use it -- it does n't physically attach to the carseat so in an accident this could actually make the seat more dangerous by slipping or being thrown out of the seat ... WASTE OF MONEY !!!
 I am a certified Child Passenger Safety Technician . Aftermarket products like this should never be used in a car seat , only accessories that came WITH the car seat . The padding can compress in an accident , and the baby can be ejected from the car seat . Using aftermarket products will also void the warranty of a car seat . If you want the nice inserts/supports/etc , buy a car seat that comes with them .
 I like the handles ; they seem to fit my baby 's hand just fine . I also like the colors but the valve falls out only to suddenly hear your baby trying to gulp down large amounts of water . And you have to screw in the lid just so as to align the spout with the handles , othewise the baby will not get a tight seal on his/her mouth and wo n't be able to drink . I like the Playtex trainer cups better .
 I always think that Gerber sippies should be to perfect - they 've been in the business a long time . This cup is fine , except that the valve falls out all too easily . And , really , the valve is the whole point . Other Gerber sippy designs with the same valve have given us the same trouble . For sippies , I go with Playtex .
 After losing one of our Gerber Sip n smile cups -LRB- which we love -RRB- , I bought one of these to replace it . Boy was that a mistake ! The spout is way harder and although it is possible , it is extremely difficult to line up the spout and handles properly . My son wo n't even drink from it . Oh , and it can leak . Waste of money . Go for the sip n smile cups . They 're awesome for young babies .
 The Valve falls out very easily and makes this cup easy to spill . I purchased 3 different colors thinking maybe the first had a defect and was disappionted to see that they all had the same issue . I would not recommend this cup to anyone for this reason .
 This is a nice cup ... good handles and a nice size for my son 's eleven-month-old hands . However , it does have one MAJOR drawback . The valves do not fit snugly . When my son bangs the cup on the table or even his leg , the valve falls out and milk can splash and POUR out of the cup . It is definitely not leak/spill proof . I have several of these cups and they all do the same thing . This is very unfortunate since I prefer everthing else about this cup over the other styles I have purchased to replace it . From what I have seen , all the Gerber cups seem to have this valve , so I would imagine even other styles of Gerber cups may have the same problem .
 That 's certainly a misnomer . This was the first sippy cup we purchased for my son . The little device that is supposed to make the cup spill-proof would always slip out , causing the cup to leak . The design of this cup looks cool , and Gerber is a reputable name in the baby-product industry , so I thought I was getting a quality product when I laid my money down for the 6oz Gerber `` Spill-Proof '' Cup . I was wrong.There are plenty of sippy cup options out there , and your kid is bound to go through quite a few of them during their sippy-cup days . Gerber makes plenty of other sippy cups with a sturdier design . Personally I prefer their sport cups ... that one has held up the longest in our house .
 I WANTED THE PABLO AND GOT TYRONE . THIS WAS FINE , i DECIDED TO KEEP IT AND REORDER . WHEN AMAZON REORDERD IT , I WAS SENT TYRONE AGAIN ! I WAS NOT HAPPY , THIS WAS FOR MY TWIN NIECES WHICH ONE HAS HAD 4 SURGERIES AND IS ONLY 10 MONTHS OLD . HER FAVORITE CHARACTER IS PABLO !
 When I had my baby 3 years ago I wanted really good quality products , and after research I picked California Baby products . Their diaper cream is wonderful and I loved most their products.The bubble bath was great , so much that I did not mind ordering it shipped to Canada and paying all the duty to have it shipped from the states.My most recent order was a real disappointment though . The bubble baths have been watered down . They run like water . They used to be very thick and last a long time . It is almost impossible to make bubbles now it is so thin.We liked a lot of the scents . The cold & flu was particularly helpful when my daughter was stuffed up . Unfortunately this last batch -LRB- I ordered a bottle of just about all the scents -RRB- had also changed in that you could barely smell the scent anymore.HOpefully they go back to their original quality .
 I spelled it wrong for a reason . Ordered this table for my daughter at their highly above market price because I wanted the specific color combination . It arrived just fine . The problem was the lack of quality control or any oversight I guess . The hearts cut into he chair backs were lopsided on one chair and in the other there was a large divot cut out like the router/jigsaw skipped and flew . They just painted over this and sent it out . The hardware to attack the table-top to the base is sub-standard metal that was bent in shipment and i was able to bend back with just my hands . The holes drilled never aligned to the hardware or matching pieces . Is it attractive , yea ideally , and the idea is wonderful , but I should n't have had to spend a day woodworking and painting to correct their mistakes for such an over priced item .
 Not sure how any reviews could be greater than 1 STAR - the construction and quality does NOT DESERVE EVEN ONE STAR . It is CHEAP , CHEAP , CHEAP . First , the table top will not connect to the table legs , 3 of the 4 joints broke when trying to tighten . Second , the two side legs -LRB- for lack a better description -RRB- make the table rock vs. sit even on the ground . Very disappointed in the quality of this table - it is going straight to the trash can - it does not even deserve to be given to Good Will or burned for fire wood . Buyers beware !
 I purchased this from amazon for my girls ... delivery was fast but when I went to put it together there was no hardware in the box ... I called Kidcraft and they sent me the missing hardware ... . Just beware if you buy this you may have to wait for parts !!
 I was desperate for relief when my milk came in and I was dealing with engorgement . The concept behind these is great and I really really wanted to like them , but no cigar . They do n't hold heat or cold for very long , but worst of all they are absorbent . They are full of all natural good stuff I am sure , but as soon as your huge swollen melons leak all over them they turn into bags of mushy oatmeal , and when that dries they are very ... crunchy . You obviously ca n't wash them so they are ruined.Not very practical but oh well . I still have n't found anything that helps with engorgement significantly besides a good sleeping nursing bra , It 's just something you have to get through . It does end though , I promise !
 Pros : Fits very VERY comfortably inside braWorks well when heated to soften engorged boobs ... But be Careful not to overheat ... Just a few seconds too long in the microwave can cause burnsCON : Stays cold for only a minute if that . When my boobs were hot and itchy and engorged I just wanted icy cold relief and these tubes could NOT provide that relief !! The cool softness would last a few seconds on impact but in a minute or two my boobs would WARM UP the tubes ! Even if the tubes had been in the freezer all day !!
 I found the material to be itchy and uncomfortable . The design did not work for me . I bought the similar product from bamboobies and like those much better .
 Not only do these not get very cold , but they do n't even stay cold for 5 mins when you use them . I would not recommend these for cool relief . I have n't tried them for heat yet which is why I did n't give them 1 star
 Bought these because I thought they were the litle 4oz cups that are used to start with . They came in and they were the same 8oz cups I could have gotten anywhere . Really disappointed that they were not what was shown !!
 This is the worst item . There is very little direction on how to use it . There are very many different bottles out on the market and all it says is to use so much water for an 8 oz . or 4 oz . bottle . Well , you do n't use all 4 or 8 oz . a lot of the time , so you have to guess on how much to put in the thing . I know as a new mom I want somthing that does n't make me do all the guessing work . At one time I would have a bottle to hot and another time it would be to cold and they would come straight out from the fridge . So what 's up with that ?!
 At first this was a great product . I used it for about 2 weeks and the on-off switch began letting off sparks . Which turned otu for the best . In a pinch I started placing warmed water in a thermos . And it works better , no waiting and always a warm water supply no matter where I am . Like I said save your money and invest in a really good thermos : >
 I use Gerber bottles and this product does not warm them very well . I followed the instructions carefully and the formula was still cool even after running the machine twice with full vials of water . I am going to return the warmer and go back to using a pot of water on the stove .
 hate it ! it does n't warm up a refrigerated bottle no matter how much water you put in it . you ca n't lock the cooling unit into the warmer , so it 's hard to carry around . forget this one !
 I bought this product thinking I would need it , but as it turns out , it is superfluous . I use powdered formula and water when I make a bottle . I just weaned my baby and so now when I get up to get him a bottle , all I have to do is mix it when he is ready . There really is no need to make it up ahead of time , chill it and then warm it up . I use bottled water that is room temperature and that suits him fine . If your baby requires a warm bottle , then this would be a useful product .
 I bought this prior to the birth of my 1st child . Now that he 's here , I realize it is just as easy to get out of bed and make a bottle as it would be to wait for this to heat one up . I have never even tried to use it . I wish I had kept the box so I could return it .
 Personally I think bottle warmers are a waste of money . If your baby is hungry they want to eat now and do n't want to wait for a bottle to warm up in this thing . It takes too long . I got one for my shower and I 'm so mad that I threw the box away because I wish I could return it . I have always just warmed the bottle in the microwave . So many people are against that but as long as you shake up the bottle before you feed the baby there 's no problem . Only an idiot would n't check the temp before feeding their baby anyway . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND JUST USE THE MICROWAVE . It 's so much faster !!
 I agonized over which bottle warmer would be best as I awaited the arrival of my son . I chose this one because it got just as good reviews as all of the others . My advice
 I purchased this bottle warmer thinking `` Oh I 'm pregnant , it 's on the list of must haves '' so I bought it . First of all , If you do n't have to climb up and downstairs to reach the kitchen , you do n't need this . You can just use your microwave . Manufacturers suggest not doing so because they say the formula wont heat evenly . Well , thats nothing a little shake ca n't remedy . Just heat 10 seconds at a time . Second , it does n't heat the bottle with the recommended water level . It 's either to hot or not hot enough . Believe me , I had to run the bottle under cold water until finally I gave up on this product . What a waste . I do however use the ice pack that comes with it when I run out with the baby . It does help keep the formula cold inside an insulated bag of course .
 I have had this bottle warmer since my daughter was about 2 weeks old and she 's 8 weeks now . Last week I went shopping for a new warmer . I too have the Dr. Brown 's bottles and had to learn the hard way to unscrew the top , we do n't have to take the mechanism out we just unscrew the top to prevent the milk from spilling . About a week ago once I fixed that problem I noticed all the bottles were have this btown stuff on the bottom , well it 's rust . I 'm furious and not sure if I can get my money back since I 've used it for a while . So now I 'm trying out a new brand .
 We 're using the Playtex disposable bottles . . ca n't say how it would work with others . . hopefully better ! First the tubes used to measure the water . . the markings wore off the sides in about a week of use . Second using the recommended amount of water gave us bottles that were just as cold as when they were put in . We played around and using more water , about 30 % of the time the bottles are cold , 30 % of the time the bottles are way too hot and 40 % of the time they are just right except the outer bottle is extremely hot while the formula is just right . I 'm afraid my son might grab the bottle durring a feeding and burn himself .
 This warmer was a waste . I use the Playtex disposable bottles and when I would add the required amount of water the bottle would still be cold then when I would add more water and do it again then it would get too hot then I 'd have to wait for it to cool down all while my little munchkin is getting pissed that he has to wait so long for his bottle . I just drop his bottle is a bowl and run hot water on it and a minute later it 's ready .
 I bought this assuming it would be easier for my husband and I to heat our newborn 's bottles . I followed the directions to the T , putting the correct amount of water for the steam , that matched the amount of formula I had in the bottle . When I took the bottle out , it was still cold . So , I had to go to the kitchen and heat the formula . The next day I dedcided to try different water amounts to see which one would be the best for the bottles . Night two
 I have never written a review and am not one to rant , but ... it is now time . I bought this item due to the birth of twins this last summer - thinking it would be a lifesaver with time . However , I not only found it dangerous - when I called customer service - they were rude and stated that the product had been tested for this sort of issue . Dr. Brown 's bottles -LRB- wonderful -RRB- have an insert in them for gas and spit-up . When you place the bottle in the warmer - the directions never state take the top off and NEVER have the insert in . You can not see milk coming up and steaming over the side ... making the machine continue to heat and causing a huge mess/smell . If I have not of tested the temperature of the milk I would have burned my babies ' mouths . I tried this three times - knowing that I needed to take the insert out , but wanting to understand what I was doing wrong to cause this . After reading serveral other reviews I learned that other moms had the same problem . This really bothered me so I called customer service and explained the problem . They told me that I was probably doing something wrong and if I would cut the cord off and mail the product back that they would mail me a new one . Why in the world would I want a new one of a product that did not work and what kind of customer service asks you to do that ??? I continued to speak with the rep. and actually filmed the process to email it to the company ... showing it was not me , but the product . I have not heard back and have banned the purchase of any first years products . I hope this helps ... sorry to rant , but this was the only product of the million we recieved that really disappointed me .
 The formula does boil and bubble over . I ended up returning this item - it was easier and faster to just go downstairs and make a bottle then to have to hassle with removing the vent of the Dr. Brown 's bottle or the hassle of cleaning up the mess that is made when the milk boils over ... Plus , the heating is n't consistent .
 I 've been reading a lot of reviews on bottle warmers . Some heat up bottles in 1-5 minutes . Well I have a way to make it even quicker without using a warmer . Assuming you 're using formula -LRB- this wo n't work for breastmilk -RRB- this is what I do . I used to buy the liquid formula which took forever heating on the stove . Now I buy the powder formula . I keep on the kitchen counter a pitcher of sterilzed water , the powdered formula can and a glass measuring cup . When my 3 month old starts fussing for a bottle I pour the water in the measuring cup and put it into the microwave for 15 seconds . I only put water in the microwave , not the formula . While it 's in the microwave I get the bottle ready -LRB- which I keep out of sight -RRB- . By then the water is done . I pour it in the bottle , add 2 scoops , shake and I 'm done . It takes less than a minute to make a bottle for my son . Just about every night I wake to his `` beginning '' fusses , which are more like moans . I get the bottle made right before it turns into a full blown cry !!! Plus I do n't even need a portable warmer because I can put more water in the microwave for like a minute and store it in a thermos . So it 's still warm for when I need to make a bottle . Again I pour , add 2 scoops and shake !! Makes life so much easier . Do n't waste your money . And Babies R Us sells a 2 lb can of baby formula -LRB- powder -RRB- in their brand -LRB- especially for baby -RRB- for $ 12.99 . If you 've tried it and you do n't like it because of the bubbles once you shake it add one tiny drop of infant gas drops . Works wonders !!! Just passing info along . I do n't like it when mom 's spend money on something that could go better for something else , like cute clothes !!! or diapers !!
 I disagree with this item being a must have ... it takes way to long to heat up bottles at night . 2 to 4 minutes of my twins screaming can feel like a life time at 3am . I 'm sad I wasted the money on it .
 This bottle warmer would be perfect if it actually worked all the time but it does not . About 1/2 or more of the time , the bottles are cold even though we changed nothing and followed the directions . It is just hit and miss with it . In addtion , there is a burning odor in the room from the warmer and when you remove the bottles and dry them off you are then left with brown circle stains on the towel . We can not figure out why the brown stuff is being generated but we can see it at the bottom of the warmer and assume it is realted to the burning odor .
 I was excited whrn I saw this warmer in the store . I just knew it would allow me to quickly warm a bottle and keep a cool one on reserve , so I could feed my baby quickly and get more sleep . Well , I was dead wrong . First of all , you can not use this contraption with disposable liners or drop-ins . When I heated the water , it got so hot I burned myself . Believ me I tried every setting and water amout in the book . The instructions say you can use this warmer with disposable systems , but that is bologna . You also need a Ph.D to use this thing . It has too many parts ans simply does not work . Using warm tap water is a much better idea . Do n't waste your money !!!
 I bought the product after reading positive reviews here , at Amazon . However , I regret that I bought it . Here is why :1 . If you follow instructions on how much water to add , you will not be able to heat it to the desired level . I had to spend a couple of days using a `` trial and error '' method to figure out the amount of water that needs to be added .2 . After a few days of operation I smelled a burned milk/formula .3 . At the end of its second week of operation the `` start '' button will not shut-off and will be on at all times . I had to unplug it from the outlet every time .4 . Thinking that I got a defective item I returned the product back to the store and got a brand new replacement . In a few days of operation smell of burned formula came back . The product is going back for a refund !!! No more Night & Day Bottle Warmer for me . Save yourselves from frustration and inconvinience
 This bottle warmer overheats the bottle and actually shattered a glass container due to extreme heat . My husband burned his hand on a bottle when removing it from the warmer . It does heat fast , too fast . I am sticking with my Advent warmer .
 I use platex nurser with the disposable liners , and when I tried to heat it in the warmer sometimes it would be cold other times it would get so warm that the liner would leak . I would not recommend buying this item . It is much easier just to the bottle in a glass on warm water
 This unit comes with water measurements . These are not accurate !! I heated up a 4 oz . disposable bottle with the recommended amount of water and the milk scalded !! We just ca n't get it right . Either the bottle will be too cold or way too hot . and if the bottle is too cold , you have to wait 10 minutes to reheat the bottle which is not recommended when handling breastmilk . I 'm taking it back ASAP .
 We registered for this as it looked like a great item . Ended up having to get it ourselves and wish we never did . We had issues right from the start with incorrect heating . Either it was still cold or more often , it would be scalding hot . Bit of a safety concern with a newborn and maybe the company should look into this issue . We 'd have to put the bottle into the freezer for 10 minutes or so and try to calm a screaming baby because he was hungry and did n't understand that he could n't eat because his warmer did n't work . We read the directions and followed them to the letter , but had very inconsistent results each time . We now just make bottles on the spot and baby eats formula at room temperature . Takes MUCH less time and is n't a safety hazard .
 I just finished cleaning out the bottle warmer of Dr. Brown spillage YET AGAIN . We never overfill the botttles past the 8 oz mark and usually fill the water vile on the warmer right at or slightly below the 8 mark . The end result is always up in the air - sometimes perfect , other time way to hot and of course the random spillage . If we fill the water vile closer to 7 , the bottles are too cold , which is why we always go closer to the 8 mark . In the end , we often find ourselves standing at the bathroom sink running the bottle under cold water while our 3 month old is having a fit in her crib . I 'm going to try removing the center tube in the bottle to try and eliminate the leaks , but even if that works it does n't solve the temperature issue .
 Save your money and go to a local Walmart and get the bottle warmer by Parents choice . It allows the bottle to be stored on low for 8 hours and actually will boil water if need be !
 My bottle warmer does n't always heat all the water , so sometimes there is some that remains in the cup . When more water is added later for another bottle , and the machine is functioning properly , the extra water makes the bottle and milk VERY HOT . After complaining to the company , the customer service department said since my 1 year warranty has expired , there 's nothing they will do . Buyer beware .
 I thought that I just had to have this bottle warmer . Boy was I wrong . I found this warmer to be more of a hasssle than anything . I used Avent bottle -LRB- which I love - no gas !! -RRB- so maybe the bottles are the problem - who knows . The bottles were either too hot or too cold . It is just as easy to install an instant hot water thingy on your faucet and make a warm bottle in seconds .
 I wrote an earlier review giving this warmer 5 stars because it heated the bottles so fast and the cooler portion made it easy to use anywhere in the house and travel . BUT I noticed that the ON/OFF switch SPARKED EVERY TIME you turned it off.Luckily , I had kept the box so I just exchanged it for another only to discover the second did the exact same thing ! This is a HUGE FIRE HAZARD ! I have contacted The First Years about this problem but so far have not rec ` vd a reply . I even searched for information about Recalls on this warmer but found nothing . Maybe it was just a fluke that I purchased the two out there that did this - but if I were you I wouldnt take the chance that there are more with this problem , avoiding it altogether and buy a different brand!Initially I would have recommended this warmer but now I say DONT BUY IT ! The on/off switch needs to re-designed before it is safe to use . -LRB- I would n't be surprized if this gets recalled ! -RRB-
 I got this item as a shower gift and I wish I would 've kept the receipt and returned it ! I was so excited at first because someone actually got it for me -LRB- since I did request it on my registry list -RRB- . I thought this was going to be a great item to have for late night feedings , so I wo n't have to keep going back and forth to the kitchen . Boy , was I wrong !! I 'd have to agree with the rating from `` Stace '' . This item does n't work with the Playtex drop-ins , even though it says that it would work with disposables ! Yeah , right!My husband and I just could n't put in the right amount of water to warm the bottle just perfect -LRB- even after following the recommended amount of water for disposables -RRB- . It 's either too hot or still too cold!We 've even tried using the Avent bottle instead of the disposables , but it still did n't work !! My husband and I hate this item so much that we do n't even use it anymore !! So , do n't waste your money and your time !! Not to mention , at three o'clock in the morning , you certainly wo n't have the patience to warm a bottle two or three more times because it 's not warm enough !!
 I just do n't like this product . Basically it is boiling the water and the bottom of the bottle gets really hot and if you use the Vent Air bottle the water drips out of the bottom is it is really hot . I just started using the mircrowave and it seem to heat faster this way . It takes forever for the formula to get warm by this product .
 We exchanged another bottle warmer for this one and we were incredibly disappointed . The bottle is never the right temperature and the water levels for the side vials are incredibly hard to achieve . It has boiled MANY bottles right over the side and onto the counter , causing a huge mess and horrible smell-think fried baby formula . It has also boiled bottles over onto our bedroom carpet at 3 a.m. Additionally , we have twins and it wo n't warm another bottle after the initial one for ten minutes . Save your money !
 I registered for one of these bottle warmers and I never even used it one time ! Honestly , by the time you are up at 2:00 am and your baby is screaming the only thing you want to do it pop a bottle in the microwave and get back to your child ASAP ! Once you establish a time on the microwave , it is much easier and faster to use that than the bottle warmer . Also when warming breast milk I ran it under warm water , so the bottle warmer did n't work for that either ! Some people might like bottle warmers , but for me it was a waste of space on the counter !
 This warmer frequently oveheated bottles to the point at which they were steaming and could have seriously burned baby . Then had to listen to baby scream while another one heated up , which seemed to take forever . We finally figured out it is WAY WAY easier to fill a bunch of clean bottles with the right amount of formula powder and just add room-temperature water . Wish I had n't wasted my money .
 Read all the reviews on this product and decided it was a `` must have '' . Each time I tried to use it the bottle would get warm but the formula would n't . I returned it . Save your money and pop your bottle in the microwave for 8 seconds .
 The only reason why I 'm giving this a 1 star is not for the convenience it provides to others , but because it is so not necessary to have ... another baby product on the market that is not needed . I , being a first time mom , wanted all the baby products out there ! Well ... I too read all the reviews for this item , registered for it , and received it as a gift . Well ... we found absolutely no use for it . If you start your baby with warming his milk , then you 're only getting him use to it . I 'm sure most everyone either receives the Arrowhead or Sparkletts -LRB- or other -RRB- bottled water in their homes ... well , the water is already at room tempreature ... no need to `` warm '' it up in the bottle warmer device ... just add your formula in the bottle , shake and give to your baby ! It 's already leukewarm . The only time I warm up the bottle is if it 's been in the fridge ... at that point , I just run it under hot water to warm it up . My baby does not have 5 + mins to wait ... nor do I ! Save your $ $ and/or those of your friends/family who get it for you !
 I thought these were one for $ 10 -LRB- I think the description was not really clear , especially the title once you are on the page -RRB- and so ordered `` 2 '' ; but when I received 4 baskets in 2 boxes and examined them , I realized that these are indeed only worth $ 5 each . They are rather flimsy and not very well made
 I saw the other person 's review and still decided to give it a try . But she is definitely right
 This bottle system is the only one my son would take after having considerable difficulty introducing a bottle . It was strange to notice sometimes he would suck a bottle down and sometimes struggle for a long time , get frustrated and quit without having eaten much . We thought it was his mood or way of protesting the bottle for a while , then I noticed it was difficult to push even the air out sometimes and get milk out to check the temperature . -LRB- My husband usually gives the bottle and just had n't relayed such difficulty to me . -RRB- I read a review that the nipple flow rate is variable . I decided to test it . Out of 8 slow flow nipples , all seemed to have a different flow when I held them up in the sink . Only 2 of 8 had an adequate slow flow to support bottle feeding . My poor baby who has been struggling and hungry when I 've been gone ! I had already ordered 8 fast flow . Out of 8 fast flow , 4 had NO HOLE . We even tried sucking it ourselves to see if there was at least a small one ... could n't get a drop out . Out of the remaining 4 , only 2 had a large enough hold to be functional . So , we can use 2 of 8 fast flow nipples ?! I 'm contacting the manufacturer asap . Is there no quality control ?
 I am very disappointed in this product . These nipples do n't fit any of my Medela , Evenflo , Avent , or Similac bottles . Totally worthless purchase . After having ordered these , I found out that they cost less at Babies ` r ` us . I do not recommend this product .
 I was looking for the silicone fast flow but these were cheaper and on amazon prime . They were n't as fast and latex always seems dirty to me ! Just not for me ! Got here in great time though !
 these are the only nipples that my exclusively breast fed baby would take . i ended up purchasing a whole cartload -LRB- 20 to be exact -RRB- b/c she recently was diagnosed w / thrush and i was told to `` resterilize '' in between feedings - only latex does n't allow for that so we use it one day and then throw it away . we were wondering why she would only take 1-2oz throughout the day at each feeding when i was at work , tho normally she downs 6-7oz . in less than 10mins , until i read the one star review here and decided to take a second look at the nipples . imagine my surprise when only 2 of the 20 indeed had a fast flow , and the rest were slow ! i tried to use a needle to increase the hole but did n't really work - very disappointed since i 'm pretty much tied to this product since my daughter refuses all other types . i 'm going to try the silicone one with her tomorrow to see if she takes it - hoping for a miracle !
 I ended up returning these since they were defective . I noticed that my 6 month old was eating much slower with these so I tested them . Turns out these were slower than some of my slow nipples that I already had . Typically I Playtex has fairly good products so I do n't know if I just ended up with a bad batch .
 My daughter is close to 5 months of age and we wanted to get the fast flow nipples . We placed an order for these nipples based on the excellent reviews . However , these nipples are much slower than the medium flow nipples we have . My daughter took double the time to finish up the same amount of formula . And yes , I tried a couple of times and actually felt very sorry for the little one because she had to keep trying so hard to get her food ! This might have been an isolated case of manufacturing defect , but it did happen .
 I do n't mind assembling things , but this was so poorly made it was a nightmare ! The holes were not pre-drilled in many places , the paint chipped off , there were a lot of imperfections that had been poorly patched , the wood was split on the main right side of the unit . There were cheap plastic pieces to screw into the wood for anchors to other pieces and I could barely force them to fit so I could start turning them into the holes -LRB- note - have pliers handy , impossible to do otherwise -RRB- . Overall , it is the size I wanted -LRB- extended changing area with drawers/cupboard area -RRB- so I am satisfied that I found what I wanted on Amazon , but the manufacturer has some quality problems to correct . Directions noted 1 hour to assemble , I 'd say more like 5 hours with 2 people working on it .
 I bought this so my twin boys would n't get a sunburn . They still got a tan on their legs ! The sticky tabs they give you to put on the stroller and the cover do n't stick to anything ! I would have to stop every few feet to get the cover back out of my sons mouth . I even have the stroller that they are advertising this on -LRB- the double trouble by tike tech -RRB- . A bed sheet would have been cheaper and it might have even looked nicer ! NOT WORTH THE TIME AND MONEY I SPENT ON THIS !
 I bought this to keep sun out of my little ones eyes when we 're out running . Not only do the tabs not stick , as any toddler would , she protested being behind a curtain during when she just wanted to see the world . Would n't you ?!
 First , the adhesive/velcro fasteners which attach this cover to the stroller were inadequate to say the least . Second , it is opaque , so the kids could n't even take in their surroundings . Since it resembles a parachute , the only reason that the kids even got fresh air was because the * stupid * thing would n't stay attached to the stroller , the kids probably would n't have had fresh air . Go for hats and sunscreen/protective garments instead !
 I like think the idea of our child not flinging his bowl on the floor while his was becoming more independent.These suction bowls did not do has promised.They become just another baby/toddler bowl in our cupboard .
 None of the 3 bowls suction . I 've tried wetting them , drying them . Tried them on many different surfaces . No luck ! I 'll be contacting Munchkin directly . What a disappointment .
 These bowls are totally inadequate . They do not stick down to the table for more that a minute , if even that long . And not only do the contents dump out they fly out because the bowl is so lightweight . My LO is 1year old and she only has to barely move the bowl before it pops off the table and then she tips it . When it pops off the contents are out and on the floor very quickly . Luckily , I have only put dry cereal in them - for easy clean up - but what is the point , I could use any bowl . Yes , the lids stay on great , but so do the lock down lids of my other plastic contains . I do not recommend wasting your money on this item and I am probably taking mine back to the store .
 The suction on these bowls does not work on high chair trays . If you 're looking for something to keep your little one from dumping the bowl on the floor , save your money ; this is not what you want . They do work better than a regular bowl , when we 're working on using a spoon or fork .
 These bowls only stay suctioned down for a few minutes . I prefer The First Years Meal Mates bowls . They stay suctioned indefinitely .
 My husband bought these at a store , without reading online reviews . They do n't suction well , the lids are hard to seal , and the Nuby bowls with lids are easier to store . Save your money .
 I can not get these bowls to stay suctioned onto our highchair tray for longer than 1 minute . I 've tried making sure the tray is perfectly clean & smooth , wetting the bottom suction cup , etc. , but nothing will keep it on . My son does n't even try to lift the bowl and it pops up and moves around while he is trying to eat . Once even popped up before anyone had touched it at all ! If you want bowls that actually stay suctioned on , I would suggest the similar `` Sassy '' bowl set that also has lids . Their design has a removable suction cup that fits all three bowls . I think it works better because the suction cup is all one piece of flexible rubber and is not joined to the hard plastic bowl like the Munchkin set is .
 These bowls are completely useless . No matter how clean the surface and suction cup , no matter how smooth the table top or tray , these bowls will not stay attached for more than 30 seconds.How can a company continue to sell a product that obviously fails day one?I guess I 'll either get out the glue or return these to Amazon . I wish I 'd listened to the other reviewers and not wasted time ordering these .
 I like that these bowls have lids , it 's great for storing food that was n't finished . However , I must have had high expectations for the word `` suction '' because these failed greatly . The suction lasted about 3 times and then stopped all together . Nice bowls , just do n't expect them to actually suction to the table/high chair tray .
 These bowls do n't stick to the plastic tops on high chairs . My daughter is only 1 and can rip them right off . I bought these in the hopes of her learning how to eat from a bowl , but she just pulls them off and throws them .
 Like many other reviewers , I found the suction to be mediocre on these . I bought 2 sets and some of them stick really well and do n't come off at all and others do n't suction at all , even with a little water on the bottom . Fortunately , my toddler is starting to get over the ` let 's pick up the bowl and dump everything on the floor ' phase so the suction thing does n't bother me as much anymore . However , the lids are really hard to use . They are really ill-fitting and it takes a lot of time and effort to get them to snap on . Who 's got time to mess with lids with a young toddler running around ? So , if you do n't need lids much or suction , then these bowls are nice and deep and the variety of sizes available is very handy -LRB- although that would sort of defeat the purpose of buying these , right ? -RRB- .
 These bowls are an absolute waste of money . I bought these from Target -LRB- wish I had read reviews at Amazon -RRB- . I have hardly used them and now I am throwing them away . The suction does not work . . my 8mth old can pull it out with one hand . The lids take a hug amt of strength to close the bowls .
 The materials used to make these attractive bowls stinks ! It comes out of the dishwasher with white crust that wo n't come off . When I washed the first bowl I thought it was a fluke and even tried to scrape of the stuff -LRB- did n't work -RRB- . Then I realized it happened with all three bowls . I 've thrown them away because now they 're ugly !
 I bought this because I thought it would prevent my 6-month-old from tipping the contents of his bowl - I was wrong . My son is easily able to un-stick this bowl from his high chair tray . Maybe it will be useful when he 's a little older and learning to eat with a spoon . But it does n't help me now .
 ONE OF THE LID CAN NOT COVER THE BOWL.THE SHAPE HAS SOME PROBLEM , SO IT CAN NOT BE CLOSED . DUE TO LOCATION PROBLEM , IT CAN NOT BE RETURNED BACK .
 I bought these and then changed my mind . I tried to return them an Amazon told me to keep them because I was a valued customer . It turns out they are just such a piece of junk , they did n't want them back!The suction does not stay put at all . Like other reviewers hae said , you have to constantly push down on the bowl to keep it from sticking , which defeats the purpose of a suction cup bowl because then the baby thinks it 's a game to get the bowl off the tray . I have to hover over my twins while they eat when they use these bowls , to keep things from going flying.Save your time and money . These are useless .
 These are not worth the money . If you have little ones you know they like to walk around with their snacks . However , they do not know how to properly hold the container and eat at the same time . This leads to spilled food . The lids are detached , so there is no way to stop the spill or prevent it . Also , the lids are do not really secure the container . The suction does not stay on a tray or a table.Really , these are just small , nice looking tupperware .
 Cute , sturdy bowls . They are a wonderful idea , but they do n't stay put . These bowls do n't even require pulling on from my infant , and up they come . She thinks they 're super fun to dump out . I think the clean-up game is n't quite as fun.I would n't recommend these bowls , and I 'm debating on just throwing mine away.Save your money .
 We have 2 types of trays for my 8 months old , these bowls do not stay on either of the trays . I leave the bowl with food in it , leave and come back in 1 mins , he is grabbing his bowl hitting the tray . Of course , the food is all over .
 I was so excited to get these suction bowls , but they dont suction very well . I wouldnt buy this again
 I have purchased both the bowls and plates and both have been disappointing . The suction does not last and is no better than any other plastic -LRB- cheaper -RRB- product .
 I bought these thinking it would help my daughter learn to self-feed without dumping her food everywhere . I put cheerios in the bowl , stuck the bowl to our glass top table . It took my 14 month old -LRB- literally -RRB- ten seconds to unstick the bowl . These bowls `` unstick '' so easily that a brush from the dog 's tail -LRB- when a bowl was `` stuck '' to the coffee table -RRB- also knocked the bowl over . I thought it might be a flaw with one or two bowls - all 6 that I purchased do the same thing . Save your money .
 I bought the 3 bowl set with the hopes that it would hold the bowl to his high chair tray just enough to enable my son to pick out his finger food without spilling all over his lap . Alas it did not . I feel dissapointed that i basically just bought 3 plastic bowls as the suction part is non functional for more than 3 seconds . Ive tried using dampness to create a better seal and its to no avail . my advice ? save your money . this is a great idea but someone has yet to put it into practical implementation .
 These bowls are a good size for my son -LRB- 10 months when I bought these -RRB- -- the large one for meals , smaller for snacks . But the lids are very hard to get on and off and the suction took him all of about 10 seconds to get loose . Not so great .
 I used these bowls with a two year old that I nannied . The lids are really hard to pop on and off and the suction base only stick for the first few minutes . It does say not to microwave them which is something I overlooked on the first use and the rubber on the bottom warped and the bowl was ruined . I do admit that this was my fault in over looking but the fact that you ca n't reheat the food in them makes them really inconvenient to use unless you only want to serve fruit in them which who buys bowls with that soul purpose?I usually avoided these bowls and would have tossed them if they were my own .
 My 14 mth old can also pull up the bowls if the bowls dont release by themselfs .
 This bowls are worthless . The suction cups do not work . I 've tried everything . I make sure the surface is super clean , I add a little bit of water to try to create a greater suction , no luck . My 16 month old daughter pulls them up with ease . The bowls are a good size , but if you 're looking for something to stay put , these are not a good buy .
 these suck because they do n't suck for long . They worked at first but time has proved , getting a cheaper regular bowl would suffice .
 These bowls would be great if they worked . We 've had these bowls for 2 years and they never stick to a tray for more than a few seconds to a couple of minutes . Just when I let my guard down they 'd come loose and were easy for a little one to fling across the room . With regular bowls parents would n't expect them to stick in the first place and would be more prepared . -LRB- The lids on these bowls are very difficult to snap and unsnap , so I 'd recommend another set of bowls entirely . -RRB-
 These bowls were a waste of money ! They do n't suction to my baby 's highchair or to the table ! Completely pointless and I have no use for them now .
 These are really cute bowls . Unfortunately I find them completely ineffective.Pros : Pretty colorsNo sharp plastic edges or seamsCons : Suction cups are ineffective at keeping the bowl in one place - very easy for the baby to get them unstuckThe bottoms of the bowls are not very wide , so once the suction cup has been disengaged the bowl goes overThe covers do n't reliably stay on if you want to put them in a diaper bag or even a lunch boxI suspect that if you do n't ever put them in the dishwasher -LRB- they are listed as top-rack safe -RRB- or even wash them with hot water , they might work better ... but who has time for that ?
 Two big issues - they 're not microwave safe and the lids on 2 of the 3 bowls do n't snap-on . I have to put my whole weight on it and even then one side usually pops out . So frustrated with these . Wish I could return , but I threw away all the packaging before testing these out .
 The suction cups on these bowls are no match for a toddler . They fail to stick , which defeats the purpose of buying the product . The bowls still work as unbreakable bowls , and the covers make them good for carrying food on trips if necessary , but if you 're trying to thwart a little dumper , do n't bother with these .
 The product looks good ... but the suction cup does NOT hold bowl in place for more that 1 min !!! I 've tried every single bowl with suction cup on it , hoping to prevent my daughter from dumping the bowl with food on the floor ... so far I have n't had any luck!I would suggest the maker of this product to try a bigger suction cup ... this one is to little ! Wo n't do its job !
 If they are going to call them `` Stay Put Suction Bowls '' then they should tell you HOW to make them stay put or under what specific magical conditions under which they will stay put.They definitely do n't stay stuck for more than 2 seconds to my Mutsy high chair tray . They do n't stick at ALL on the wooden dining room table . They stay stuck on the kitchen counter for at least 10 minutes as long as you do n't touch them ... I 'm wondering if maybe they will stick to the tub . Or maybe a glass window ... I 'm pretty much on a mission to figure out what the hell these stinken bowls WILL `` stay put '' on . Geez !!!! It 's like , did n't they test these things out before they put them on the market ? Who decided to call them `` STAY PUT '' ????? If they were just called `` Suction Bowls '' my `` expectations '' might have been in check ... Really tired of all the reviews here that say our expectations are too high . Point in case ... they are advertised as stay put and that is the one thing they do n't do . Even when my 12 month old is n't yanking on them , they slowly just unstick themselves from the counter . It 's absurd ! I tried washing the counter really well , drying with a cloth , wetting the bottom of the bowl with water , spit , juice , nothing ... I feel like all I 've been doing with these stupid bowls is playing around with them trying to get them to work PROPERLY.No , not a total waste of money . The covers stay put , unlike the suction cup base . They wash easily , they do n't leak and they are colorful , which I do n't like - but my kids do ... I 'm still searching for a suction bowl that will stay put . And FYI , Boon suction bowls are even worse !
 These wo n't stick to anything for more than a few seconds . I might as well dump out the food to begin with because that 's what 's going to happen . These bowls are a great idea , but the suction just does n't work .
 THESE BOWLS ARE NOT WORTH THE MONEY . THEY DO NOT STAY ON THE TABLE AT ALL !
 I tried my new bowls out this morning and was very disapointed . The suction wo n't stay down for more than a second or two on our wood table . On the kitchen counter top -LRB- formica -RRB- they stay put for longer but not long enough for a meal.I am returning mine to the store today . Dissapointing.BUT , they are darling colors and the lids are a nice feature .
 Do n't waste your money . The suction does n't work . I learned the hard way after I wasted my money , filled the bowl with applesauce and within seconds it was all over . This company should n't even be allowed to call these `` Stay Put Suction Bowls '' . Another parent duped into a useless baby product ...
 These will not suction well to anything but counter top . I was hoping to end the food all over the floor game but alas it continues . I still use the bowls but no longer attempt to use the suction as it is worthless .
 these bowls do not stick to anything ... and we have tried again and again . What a waste of money
 Many of the other reviewers say that these are good as long as we have the right expectations . Well when I order a `` stay put suction bowl '' I EXPECT it to STAY PUT . The suction lasts a few seconds on granite , less on the wood dining table . -LRB- Also tried glass , tile , aluminum , and marble - none work -RRB- . I am very disappointed . Also , although their website says `` very few of Munchkin products contain BPA '' no where does this baby product say that it is BPA free , let alone phthalate and PVC free . Does anyone know if I can still get my money back even though I already opened the package ? I give two stars because I like the size and that they come with lids , that 's good . They will make good little bowls for something .
 My 7 month old can easily pull these off the table . I 've tried pushing down as hard as possible , moistening the table first , etc. . No luck , they still do n't `` stay put . '' also the lids are really hard to get on and off .
 These are terrible . 2 out of 3 bowl lids do not fit at all . The suction does not stay on tray . Aweful product !
 No matter what we tried , we could not get these bowls to stick or stay stuck . These bowls were a complete waste of money.They do work as regular bowls , of course , and I like that they have lids , so I did give them one star . But because they are advertised as `` stay put suction '' bowls ... they only get that one star .
 The suction cup does not work . It did not even hold the first time I used them . All they do is take up space in my cupboard .
 I have the new style and they do n't stick well to any of our surfaces -LRB- 2 different trays , kitchen table , coffee table , kid table ... -RRB- . We tried a bit of water , a bit of oil , a bit of spit -- no luck . They are instantly removable by our son -LRB- 14 mo. -RRB- and unsuction without his help after about a minute of not being touched . This was before we put them in the dishwasher , so that is not the problem.I wanted some suction bowls to help him to learn to self feed . He is doing great , but gets frustrated when bowls move around when he tries to scoop his oatmeal . These not only popped off when he was trying to use his spoon to scoop the food , but then they flipped over because of the rubbery suction instead of just sliding like other bowls . Not fun for mommy!Back to looking for a good suction bowl !
 Bought these so one of my daycare boys would stop dumping his food/plate on the floor - Suction did n't work right out of the package -LRB- washed first of course -RRB- . They stuck for about 10 seconds but then he was tossing it on the floor . Very disappointed and glad I did n't open the other 2 packages of them I bought . They will be returned as they do n't do what they say they 'll do -LRB- Suction and stop messes -RRB- . Cute colors but not worth the money if you are looking for something that will stick to the highchair , table , countertop . Yup tried a variety of different surfaces and still unstuck in about 10 seconds without anyone pulling at it .
 The other reviewers on here are right -- the suction cups do n't work . My fifteen-month-old yanked it off her tray with minimal effort . I also wish they were a little shallower to make self-feeding easier . They 're ok for transporting snacks , but in retrospect , I would not have bought them .
 I bought these bowl exclusively for the purpose that they suction to the table/highchair . Unfortunately they do n't stay put for more than 2 seconds . Great idea , but absolutely DO NOT WORK , at all . My 1 year old would rather chew on the suction cup . I wish I 'd have spent my money on more Take-n-Toss products .
 Cute bowls but do not stick to the tray . They do stick to the regular table better so I can see them being better when a child is older . But for my 13 month old it does n't stop the bowl from flying over the side .
 Great idea but wo n't suction to our wood table or formica counter top . Only suctions to smooth plastic top of highchair . And have to resuction to highchair several times during meal .
 Unless you want just another storage bowl do n't purchase these . The suction only works a couple time any never stay stuck .
 This is the worst way to spend your money . My 11 month old who was born prematurely and has the fine motor skills of a 9 month old ripped this bowl off his tray within a nano second . Lame .
 I got these when my son was 12 months old and already a strong little guy who enjoyed dumping his bowls of food onto his high chair tray . Trying to outsmart him , I purchased these hoping to keep some food in a bowl . Much to my disappointment , they only stick to the formica countertops well . The littlest one does n't even stick to that . None of them stays on my son 's plastic high chair tray for more than a second or two.On the upside , the lids are secure once shut all the way -LRB- which can take a little work -RRB- , so they make great storage for on-the-go finger foods in the diaper bag ... I have n't had one leak yet , and I put things like applesauce in them to test them . Not a total waste of money , now that I found this alternate use . They wash well , without any noticeable breakdown of the plastic , on the top rack of the dishwasher .
 I was very excited to get these bowls in the mail because they are so cute , and the concept of having a suction bowl was -LRB- and is -RRB- appealing to me . My son loved the bowl right away , as he was able to reach into the bowl for some puffs to feed himself instead of having to push the puffs around the table until he could finally grab one in his fingers . I 'd also like to add that he ate tofu cubes for the first time out of this bowl and loved them ! However , I 'm disappointed because the suction on the bowl does not work for more than a few seconds . I 'm constantly pushing the bowl back down , which is disruptive to his meal . Despite some of happy memories I 've had with this bowl , I would not recommend buying these bowls because as ` suction bowls ' they do not serve their purpose .
 The suction on these bowls is so weak that the baby pulled it off the highchair and dumped the contents in a few seconds flat . They do come in lovely colors , though .
 No where in the product description does it tell you these are not microwave safe . This is a deal breaker . Amazon needs to work on their product descriptions .
 I hate these bowls . I 'm going to return them . The lids are super hard to get off and the suction does n't work at all ! Sometimes I can get the bowl to stick for a matter of seconds , and I ca n't get them off . Then my son reaches over and pulls them off with no effort at all.If these are washed in the dishwasher and the suction cup is touching anything during the dry cycle , it will become deformed and ruin any chance you ever had of it suctioning.I would n't recommend these to anyone .
 Thought these would be a great learning bowl for my daughter to use . She figured out how to un-suction the bowl in about 3 seconds flat . Totally defeats the purpose of the suction bottoms . The lids do hold the food in well for traveling , but quite bulky . You 're better off using plain ole tupperware when toting around food .
 I bought these bowls because they had suction cups underneath the bowls , but the suction does not hold . The whole reason I spent the extra money was for the purpose of the suction keeping the bowl on the high chair . The suction sucks -LRB- or does n't suck , whichever you prefer -RRB- . I would NOT recommend these bowls .
 I bought this complete set ... . it is waste of money . the suction of the cups do n't stay not even a minute.I am really feeling i wasted money ... . Bowls are good in size but what to do ... lids are not even fit . I do n't know why they give those lids . If u just want a snack container without lid then u can buy ...
 I read negative reviews and bought these anyway because I was tire of feeding my son off the high chair tray or dirty tables when we went places ! These bowls do not suction ! He scoops them off and throws them ! Its terrible wasted that money !
 I ordered two sets of these bowls . In both sets , the yellow lids did not fit the orange bowls . And do n't mean that the seal was just less then perfect ; the sizing is so far off that the lids wo n't go on at all . A real dissapointment ,
 Do n't know what to add that someone else has n't said but , yeah ... . if you have an infant that throws his food on the floor , these bowls will not help you . I just used them for the first time and my ten-month-old son just threw a bowl of cottage cheese on the floor . Wet or dry , they do not stick for long no matter what you do . They 're cute , though and I like the lids . Time to mop the floor again .
 The bowls are fine , but the suction does n't work for even a minute on the smoothest plastic . Definitely would n't buy it again .
 they 're great bowls w/great lids , but will not stay suctioned to tray . my son was able to pull it off the tray instantly & toss it .
 I saw these on one of my surfing trips though amazon . My son takes any dish that is set before him and picks it up to take a look at it , and the contents go wherever they fall . In my mind the idea of a dish that is not pick-up-able was brilliant . It still is . But I have to find a dish that fits that description and these do not . The suction has not lasted for longer than 3 minutes . At first I thought it was because my wooden table is porous and air sneaks in . So I started shopping around for plastic place-mats that would not be porous . When I finally found one , the suction did not last any longer on it . Once my son starts trying to pull the dish up it takes him less than 10 seconds . He has figured out that you have to scratch at the bottom and this will make the dish come up pretty fast . I like the design , the colors truly are gender neutral and these bowls have turned into a cute toy for my son . But they do n't really work the way they are supposed to .
 Very disappointed ! Bought these when my twins were 10 months old and even when I suctioned them onto their clean high chair trays , they could easily pull them off ! Now we just use these bowls as tupperware for their leftovers . Very disappointed .
 I purchased these bowls in hopes of starting to teach my son how to eat off a plate and not play with it . Well they do n't work . He manages to get the bowl off his high chair tray in about 5 minutes -- so it was a waste of money !!!
 These bowls look great but do n't buy them if you want bowls that actually stick and stay put !
 I , thankfully , tested this product with my 9 month old BEFORE putting food in it and he was able to lift up the bowl within a minute . Nice idea but does n't work .
 These definitely do not `` stay put '' as the name suggests . My son -LRB- 1 year old -RRB- gets them off of the tray in about 5 seconds . The sizes are good though and the lids are super tight and secure which I definitely appreciate .
 I bought one for my baby and it had an awful chemical smell to it . I wrote to the company and they responded `` I want to assure you that the product is non toxic and will not harm or hurt child . The product is made of Polypropylene -LRB- a foam used to make plastic -RRB- . Sometimes as the plastic is being formed the chemical can seek out onto the outer surface causing a horrible smell . '' They sent me a replacement that also smelled . I threw it out .
 This is a cute little teether but after a few months of use the paint is beginning to chip off the caterpillar part . I do n't know where this toy was made , but considering the recent problems with lead paint on toys I tossed this one just to be safe .
 We were given this teething ring as a baby shower gift while I was pregnant with my son . Now that he is teething , we pulled this out of the package for use , and noticed it had a horrible smell . We 've washed it and sterilized this several times and it just did n't help . The smell is very much like that of the soap used in a child 's bubbles they blow with a wand . Very soapy or plasticy . I do n't want my son putting that in his mouth . God knows what is creating that peculiar smell .
 Personally I thought these bottles were very cute and they also had a good purpose of keeping air out of baby 's tummy . Well they did n't work for my son . He had the worst time with gas and spitting up when I used these . I had been using the avent bottles but the sound of the air entering into the bottle was just disturbing ! My baby choked on these nipples and they would collapse leaving me with a screaming child . I now use the Dr. Browns wide neck bottles and would highly recommend them to anybody . For one thing they do n't leak like these do !! The only reason I gave these bottles two stars is because they are so easy to clean and they have the cutest shape to them ...
 I loved the playtex VentAire Natural shape bottle . I bought them instead of the Playtex drop-in kind for money reasons . I have had these bottles for 5 months and they keep getting MOLD in the tiny holes in the bottom disk . I have boiled them and put them in the dishwasher . I ALWAYS let them completly dry before I reassemble them . I called Playtex and they said they were sorry and would only send more disk after I sent them all of mine ?? What was I to do for a bottle ?? This was their defect , not mine ! I just wanted them to at least give me some sort of credit toward the Playtex drop-in kind as that was the only nipple my son would take and they said `` SORRY '' . Now I have to buy more bottles for 5 more months!Don ' t make the same mistake I did !
 The disks , required by this system to vent air through the bottom , wear out rather quickly . These disks are NOT sold in stores , or online . The consumer must contact Playtex by the 800 number , wait for them to e-mail , mail , or fax a request form to you . You must then complete the form , requesting replacement parts , send the form plus a certified check to Playtex and wait 4-6 WEEKS for the replacements . Out of the 12 bottles I purchased , after 4 months of NOT constant use -LRB- I breast fed for 6 weeks -RRB- , I 'm down to 6 functional disks .
 We bought these bottles for our newborn ... what a nightmare ! The first time we tried to feed her with them , she tried to eat for 10 minutes and was getting very frustrated , so I check the nipple and nothing was coming out ! After cracking the hole on the nipple open , we tried again . After a while , the bottle created such a vacuum , that the nipple started to colapse , so I constantly had to unscrew the bottom , since that side was up , to allow more are to get inside . After all of that , I tried rolling the bottom ` vent ' portions to hopfully crack those seals open a little ... it helped a little , but she still was getting so frustrated and exhausted ! I tried the stage 2 nipples and the flow was so fast that she kept choking . After all of that , I returned them and bought the Playtex Premium disposable Nursers and the Avent disposables . The avent nipples were too long ... but she LOVES the Playtex Premium Nursers !
 By the time you buy the bottles and the separate nipples , these are not any less expensive than the Dr. Brown 's . My son is 7 weeks old , and we have had to replace several of the vents already because they leaked and ripped when stretching them . I called Playtex , and they were kind enough to send me a few vents to replace the ones that I had to throw away . Since they readily offer this service , I know that I am not the only one that has encountered this problem . I was told that if I needed more replacement parts that I could place an order , pay shipping , and wait for them to be shipped to me . No thank you ! In addition , the flow on the stage 1 nipples was too slow and the flow on the stage 2 nipples was too fast for my son . I finally gave up this week and purchased the Dr. Brown 's .
 We used these bottles for the first 5 months with our son and they were terrible ! First , the nipples are hard and it made it hard for my son to latch on since they were as realistic compared to the breast . Second , there are to many parts to wash and put together and since you have to stretch the rubber vent part after every cleaning that is a pain and also when he was able to hold his own bottle , he had a really hard time because of the curve in the middle and how wide the bottles are for babies little hands and becuase of all of that he just got alot of air in his stomach and spit up which defeated the purpose of `` vent air '' bottles.I would tell other moms not to waste their money and just to buy the Playtex Nurser System that uses the bags ... now those are GREAT bottles !
 These bottles made feeding my newborn a nightmare . During a feeding , the nipple would collapse keeping my son from getting any formula . I would have to stop feeding , unscrew the bottom and adjust the vent . This would happen several times in one feeding . My son would get tired from having to work so hard to get the formula , he ended up taking less formula than he did in the hospital . We switched to Avent bottles and feeding time is now enjoyable !
 We are loyal to the Soothie line of bottles and so forth , they have always worked well for us . I tried these hoping that it would help my baby sleep better with less gas but there were several problems right away . She did n't seem to like the shape , and it was kind of awkward for her . It was really hard to get the top just so , so it would n't leak . And the bottle will not fit in most warmers . I would n't choose this one again .
 We have been using this bottle since our son was 3 months old . We really liked them even though you have to take them apart and put them together . Unfortunatly my son in only nine months old and everyone of the six I have are cracked at either the top or bottom . Two of them are cracked so bad that they are unusable . Because of the cracking I am going to have to buy him new bottles for the last few months until he turns one . In my opinion , bottles should last more than six months . One good thing is that Playtex is replacing all my bottles . They are sending me a postage paid mailer to mail my bottles back and coupons for new bottles .
 I recently bought these bottles after using the disposable Playtex bottles . I have had a significant amount of leaking around the nipple of 2 of the bottles and around the bottom of 1 bottle . I called Playtex and they are going to send me replacement vouchers to give these bottles another try !
 I had problems with these bottles leaking on both ends . My baby hated the larger nipple , and half the milk always came out all over him . They also leaked from the bottom .
 Do n't waste your money on these . I had been using the playtex premium nursers with the `` NaturaLatch '' nipples , but buying the liners proofed to be a pain . These bottles use the same nipples and are not supposed to let air in the milk , but that proved not to be tru . First , the nipples are harder than the ones for the disposable system and tired my daughter out sooner . Second , the only way to relieve the vacuum in the bottle is to partially pull the nipple out of her mouth and let the air in through the nipple . This `` Vent '' system is definitely not working ; at least not for us . We are back to disposables until we find a suitable bottle for her . On the up side , the removable bottom does allow for very easy clean-up and the wide bottleneck is great for preparing the bottle without spills .
 Dr. Brown 's bottles did n't solve the gas issue , but neither did Playtex Vent Aire . Aside from the fancy name , Playtex did not reduce baby 's painful gas -LRB- from breast milk -RRB- . Also , the bottom can leak if not forcefully tightened - I lost 2 ounces of precious breast milk with these lousy Playtex bottles which were recommended by the women 's clinic . For people who produce little breast milk , losing 2 ounces is like losing large 24 karat gold nuggets in the sink . The number of parts to clean is comparable to Dr. Brown 's bottles , but Dr. Brown 's bottles at least provides you with a cleaning brush to clean the interior nipple ; with Playtex , you 're out of luck . I think that I heard the venting taking place ONCE when Playtex Vent Aire was dry . Since then , even when dry , I rarely hear the venting of air . All Playtex does is make you vent your frustrations in the product reviews .
 These bottles are horrible , first I got only two of this brand because of an emergency since I 've always used Dr. Browns but they got contaminated in the dishwasher , so I had to run and get at least two of this meanwhile cause Dr. Browns wide neck are hard to find at retailers in my area , so we used these two bottles for 2 days first they come with fast flow wich is Waaay to fast for my little guy and I would say any other baby younger than 6 months old , so I decided to get two nipples medium flow , guess what still fast , specially if You have a gassy baby , then in the last try I got the slow flow and guess what again , tooooo slow , It was like a nightmare , I had to use the small 4ozs Dr. Browns I had at home wich my baby is already drinking 5 ozs so ... These Playtex bottles leak horrible , and when you place them in the bottle warmer even worse because they get water in middle of the bottom rim , so they will be leaking anyways , for the amount of parts to clean up , I did not mind I 'm used to it , cause I 've always used Dr. Browns wich have several parts , these Playtex bottles got my baby full of gas wich defeats the porpouse of them bottles , they make so much bubbles in the nipples you can see and hear them , and the last thing is the nipple collapses so bad my baby stoped getting the flow and the nipples are really hard . bottom line , I ordered my 3 set of Dr. Browns wide neck shipping next day and I 'll be ordering a second set very soon . Dr. B best bottles ever specially for gassy babies .
 My baby hated these bottles . We have the original Ventaire bottles and she loves those , so we thought we would give these at try . My daughter could not latch on to the nipple , and wound up with half the formula on her bib . The bottles also have a tendency to leak unless they are put together absolutely perfectly . They were not as reliable as the original in keeping air out of the bottle .
 My baby started with Advent , but did n't seem to care for the nipple much . Switched to the Playtex Premium disposable bottles and they worked great however after a couple months I was looking for an alternative so I would n't have to keep buying the liner inserts . Saw these new bottles and tried them thinking it would save me some money in the long run . I really just ended up wasting it on this bottle ! After a couple sucks , my baby screams and refuses to eat . The nipple seems so much firmer and thicker and I think that 's why he wo n't eat . I 've tried it a few different times and each time is the same result . Possibly it would be different if these were the first bottle we ever started him out on . I also do n't like that it ca n't be used in a bottle warmer or that you have to make sure the disc on the bottom is just perfect to avoid leaks . Still had to tip the bottle to keep the milk in the nipple . Glad to see this works for some people , but we 're sticking with the Playtex Premium because that 's what works for us .
 I read the reviews before purchasing this product and chose to purchase the VentAire bottles , even though some reviewers claimed that they leaked.At first , I did not have a problem with them leaking , except for on occasions that I did n't wait for all the pieces to dry . But , I have now been using the bottles for 6 months and they are not holding up . No matter how much care I take in putting them together they leak all over the place . This is not cool when you have a hungry , teething , crying baby ! I 've begun to target the ones that are going bad and have thrown them away . Well , my bottle supply is depleating . I decided to try a different bottle ... well , my baby wo n't drink from any other bottle now that all she 's ever known is the VentAire natural shape nipple , so I 've now 1 . -RRB- Thrown away VentAire that have went bad $ $ $ . 2 . -RRB- Bought other brands that my baby refuses to drink out of $ $ $ . 3 . -RRB- And now ended up buying VentAire again -LRB- even though I know that they 'll leak -RRB- just to get my baby to eat $ $ $ . I 've wasted a ton of money . I should have listened to the bad reviews.My advise is to not buy these bottles !!! Besides the fact that they leak , it also becomes tiresome washing them and putting them together ... each bottle consists of 6 seperate pieces !!!
 I thought these bottles would be good to help my baby reduce her gas and throwing up . . wrong ! This makes my baby have worse gas . Also the bottles leak randomly and goes everywhere and makes a mess . Also my baby does not like the nipples they are too big .
 We had these playtex bottles and breastflow bottles . There are two main things I do not like about the playtex bottles :1 -RRB- If you do n't screw in the bottom properly , they will obviously leak . At 3am and half awake having to deal with screwing in the bottom part and the top part is a real pain . I would prefer something simpler .2 -RRB- The parts are small and I found would always fall through the racks in my dishwasher . This was really annoying . I did n't have any problem with the breastflow bottles .
 We switched from Avent to these bottles , and I 'm not impressed . The leaked often & their unusual shape did n't fit our sterilizer . I returned them for a full refund - it just did n't work for me .
 After a few months , these bottles start to leak like crazy . The little plastic piece in the bottom must be perfectly lined up , and even if it is , the bottles STILL LEAK . Unless you want milk all over you , your baby , and your furniture , buy bottles that DO N'T OPEN AT THE BOTTOM ! Waste of money !
 My daughter could n't get aything out of two of the three nipples ! So I have to use the same nipple for all the bottles !
 I am a huge fan of the VentAire bottle , but for some reason , the Natural Shape design leaks . Even when we are careful about how we assemble the bottle , it invariably leaks creating a huge mess ! We have about 9 of these bottles and every one , a leaky mess . Sometimes a slow leak , sometimes a fast leak - 95 % of the time some kind of leak ! If you like the VentAire , stick to the regular shape !
 Someone , who has no children themselves , gave me this for a baby shower gift . I started giving supplemental formula for my one-month-old who is a BIG eater and it is the worst product ! If you ca n't put the back vent thing on absolutely correctly then the bottle will not allow liquid out -- no matter how much baby sucks . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Imagine a straw with liquid in it on which you have put your finger to block the end and then you try to get the liquid out . My little man was having that kind of problem ... Kind of like having a lovely steak dinner behind a huge shield of plexiglass ... you can imagine the frustration ! &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; I am going to complain to the company ... right after I throw these all in the garbage can .
 I brought these bottles for my baby girl two weeks ago . I wound not recommend anyone buying them . I am going back to buy some other bottle . &#60; br / &#62; 1 -RRB- There are too many components , total 7 pieces for each bottle . It needs to be assembled really carefully else it WILL LEAK . It takes time to assemble the bottle and if one piece is missing then it become useless . &#60; br / &#62; 2 -RRB- It LEAKS when warming milk in warm water even after you take the nipple off . I highly suspect outside water will get into the bottle that way . A big risk factor for bacterial . &#60; br / &#62; 3 -RRB- Bad basic design ! They easily LEAK in general . &#60; br / &#62; 4 -RRB- My baby swallow more gas with this bottle then a cheap Evenflow bottle .
 Waste of money . The promise of no air and gas is simply a marketing trick . Feeding our twins with VentAire was a bad experience which was over as soon as we switched to Avent .
 Initially , I thought these angled bottles make a lot of sense so I put different sizes into our registry . However , when our baby girl -LRB- 1 week old -RRB- first tried to suck the milk out from the bottle , it did not come out . My husband had activated the vent and did everything according to the instructions . He thought the holes were not big enough since he did not see any on the nipple , so he put more holes on them but still nothing came out . He finally found out the way that these bottles work are not the same as a traditionally bottle does . The hole will not open unless pressure is applied against it and hole will get sealed back again when released . Baby has to use their tongue to push against the nipples in order to open up the hole . For a newborn infant , it is too difficult for them to figure out how to get the milk out especially if you are bottle feeding only . Luckily we had two Avent bottles -LRB- with the traditionally hole idea -RRB- so she is doing very well with the Avent bottles and she still loves them a lot . We ended up returning the unused VentAir bottles and got a lots of AVENT bottles but still stuck with the opened ones . I do not recommend these ` difficult ' bottles for newborn . Baby should not need to ` think ' how to get the milk out.For leaking problem , we do not have any issue with the Avent bottles . When it leaks , it is usually because the nipples have not been properly placed -LRB- push all the way though the ring -RRB- or the ring has not been tightly screwed . We also found out if you use a warmer to warm the bottle , you have to unscrew the ring once and screw it all tight again after the warmer . It is because the theory of heat with expense the plastic bottle which creates a gap between the ring , nipples and the bottle neck . This works 99 % for us with no leak.We are the fans of the AVENT bottles .
 I purchased these bottles for my son and at first they worked great . They now leak horrible . I used different tops and bottoms and they all leak . I finally tossed them all and went with another brand . Do n't waste your time or money !!!
 Hi all , I would n't rate a product so low in the face of 139 great reviews . But this is when things go very wrong :-LRB- . I bought a 3-pack of this product and while trying to hand-wash them , cut my finger . Calling customer service was worse !!! Ask for the supervisor and she did n't even cut it for a rep !!!! She forced me to choose between coupons and a refund only after returning the bottles , not fair !!!! Somewhere on amazon , I read evenflo customer service was so nice , replacing bottles and everything ... I would strongly recommend checking the bottles before washing or using them . . horrible molding !!!! Avent ones are so smooth to handle ... not a rough spot . . What 's wrong with Energizer Customer Care ???!!!!
 We had all kinds of bottles in our house . We bought these to try and used it maybe 5 times total . Too many pieces , a pain to clean , and the nipple is SO SLOW FLOWING ! This is not a `` middle of the night '' feeding friendly bottle . It took our son an additional 15 minutes to get this bottle down with the same amount of fluid in it as compared to the other bottles we had . We will NEVER use this bottle again . We threw them away !
 Not the best bottle . Looks Cool and you think its going to be neat with the `` vent air '' system when in reality it does n't make much difference . I purchased these bottles and after my ds hit the 2 month mark ~ he started to get frustrated with the slow milkflow . BOTH THE STAGE 1 AND STAGE 2 NIPPLES FOR THE BOTTLE ONLY HAVE ONE HOLE ! I ended up trying the ADVENT bottles which happen to have 4 nipple flow rates - all with more than 1 hole . My son finishes a bottle within 5 minutes compared to 20 minutes and is much happier ! PLEASE RETHINK INVESTING IN THESE BOTTLES . THE good reviews I understand ~ they are nice to clean because they come apart but also while using them I ended up losing some of the vent discs and riping one ~ YOUR GOING TO BE BETTER OFF AND HAVE A HAPPIER BABY IF THEY CAN DRINK THEIR BOTTLE AND SATISY THEIR HUNGER BEFORE FALLING TO SLEEP ~ TRUST ME !
 I had bought these bottles becuase of the look and they seemed to be a good bottle . But I was wrong ! I like the bottle itself but the assembley of the bottle is not good ! After you take them apart and clean them after each use and you put the plastic cover back on the bottom of the bottle . It always leaks ! There has been numerous times wich myself or my husband thought we got the covers on good and have put them in his diaper bag , and to our not happy surprise we notice later on that they leaked out water or formula everywhere ! And this goes for when you are pouring formula into the bottle on the counter ! I wish I had used a diffrent bottle ! They make a MESS !!
 I 've never felt compelled to write a review before , but felt so strongly about these bottles that I decided to voice my opinion . I bought a 5 pack for more than $ 20 and I wish that I had saved my money ! We have several different brands of bottles in our house , all of which we like and have had no problems with , whatsoever . But , for whatever reason , we decided to try these , honestly because we liked the shape and we thought that if they lessened the amount of gas our son had , then , why not?To begin with , they are absolutely inconvenient to use . You ca n't use a bottle sterilizer or warmer for them , so both of these items are sitting dormant on top of my fridge right now while I try these bottles out . You have to warm the Playtex bottles up the old fashioned way by heating them on the stove in a pot of water -LRB- while making sure that the water never boils -RRB- . This means that you have to keep testing to see if the milk is the right temperature - something that I wanted to avoid , which is why I purchased a bottle warmer in the first place - with the warmer , it 's ALWAYS the right temperature , with little fuss . On top of that , the Playtex nipple ring has to be off the bottle when you warm it , so what ends up happening with me is that I have our crying , hungry son in one arm , and am constantly screwing on and unscrewing off the top of the bottle with the other hand so I can test the warmth , and then invariably keep heating it because it 's still too cold . It takes way too much time to go through this . Perhaps I 'm a bad parent by not being able to anticipate when my son will be hungry so I can start slowly warming up his bottle ... all I know is that I never had these problems or the associated stress with our other bottles.Besides all of this , our son has equally as much gas/spit up as with our other bottles -LRB- he does n't do either excessively , we just thought that we 'd try these bottles to see if it made a difference -RRB- . And while I would n't call what these bottles do as leaking exactly , every feeding is an absolute mess . Milk everywhere - all over his face , on his clothes , etc. . NONE of the other bottles that we have tried have been anywhere as messy as these.In short , in my opinion , these bottles are a huge waste of money . I was given a cheap bottle from a dollar store -LRB- not to use , but filled with candy as a shower gift -RRB- and I ended up using it once in a pinch . That cheap , generic bottle was so much easier , mess-free and nicer to use than these Playtex bottles . I think that says a lot . I 've given these Playtex bottles a full 2 week test run and will be getting rid of them asap . My sister is pregnant and rather than give them to her to use for her baby , I 'll be throwing them away as I would n't wish these bottles on anyone .
 I used these type of bottles several years ago and had no problems except they would leak out of the bottom if the disk was not put in correctly . However , since they have redesigned them , they are not very good . The bottle itself works good , but the nipples are horrible . The stage 1 nipple , the hole is so small that my newborn was having to suck so hard that it would put him to sleep with out eating very much . I changed the nipples to the stage 2 and now the milk comes out to fast for the baby , so he would start to gag while sucking on these bottles . I have changed bottle systems for his regular bottles and use these bottles when I add cereal in his formula . Since it makes the formula thicker , my baby does n't gag when he uses these bottles . I would suggest using these bottles only if the baby is older , approx . 3 months .
 The only word that comes to mind to describe this bottle is garbage ! It leaks and is cheaply made . I 'm a nurse and used to working with all types of equipment and I know junk when I see it . All babies get gas , all babies need to burp . The bottom line is the basic 99 cent bottle at your local supermarket will do the job !
 No less air . Just keep any nipple full of fluid and your ok . Put the bottle togeather just right or you will be cleaning up a mess . Too many pieces to put togeather , I have enough to do .
 These bottles were a gift at our baby shower . I am glad I did n't spend the money on them because the instructions warn not to use them in an electric bottle warmer . We all know you are n't supposed to microwave bottles either , so you are left with the only other option , placing the bottle in boiling water to warm . That works fine except when you tip the bottle up to feed the baby , the boiling hot water that has been trapped in the vent holes drips down your hand/arm , and potentially onto the baby ! Now I have to remember every time to make sure I get a towel and shake the bottle a little to make sure all the vent holes are emptied out before feeding our baby . USE CAUTION
 This bottle is a waste of money , we bought them and the nipples did not have holes in them . Then when they were finally fixed , the formula never came out . a huge waste of money .
 We used these bottles for our first child . They were n't my choice , but my mother in law bought them and we were stuck . Should have switched . So much work was involved in cleaning them . Then the plastic discs would get clogged and we had to soak them in bleach every so often which made me worried . It was such a bummer when I would pour formula into the bottle thinking everything was put together correctly , only to have the formula -LRB- liquid gold to us -RRB- leak out all over the counter . After all of that , our son still spit up . UGH ! We are expecting our second child soon and I refuse to go through that hassle again . I am going to try something else even though we have so many of the other bottles from last time .
 I like the angled shape idea of the bottle and the colors , that 's it ! If your child is drinking just 4 oz , the stage 1 nipple is appropriate . However , when your baby is drinking more than 4 oz you need to throw these bottles away . When you switch nipples to a stage 2 , the milk flow is extremly fast because the opening is so -- large they choke and get gass ! They do n't sell medium flow nipples , it 's either slow or fast . So , you end up like me and spend more money and time buying different bottles , ones that your child can grow with . Plus , when you use a warmer with these the humidity/condensation build up from it 's vent system on the bottom is EXTREMLY HOT ! I already had some drip on my daughter 's leg that almost burned her , which other bottles do n't do . I love the Dr. Brown 's bottles , and are very happy with them .
 These were SUCH a pain to clean and use - my kitchen looked like a science lab . I threw them all out .
 My mother purchased these bottles for me for my 1 week old son , and I have already moved on to a different bottle . The size is fine , and I like that it 's wider and not as tall , but the whole deal with unscrewing the bottom to make the formula come out was just too much hassle . What 's worse is that I did n't realize I had to do that at first , and my poor baby was sucking on the bottle forever and not getting anything out ! Once I realized that I had to unscrew the bottom to make the vaccuum work , I had to tighten the bottom to set it down and then try and loosen it again with one hand while feeding . Once I turned the bottle too loose , and formula came out way too fast and my son almost choked . Not the worst bottles , but not my personal favorite .
 Instructions followed perfectly ... yep people feeding their baby do n't pay attention to one of the most important things ... Clearly an over-engineered product which touts perfection but falls short . Holes in nipples are , not holes but virtual holes , which lead your baby into thinking it might get something in a couple of days of sucking . Ventaire does n't work , and what ever machine they tested it on must have had the PSI setting to about 20 babies ... all the little bubbles coming back in the nipple `` hole '' . All the other negative reports here are exactly what this product does ... but maybe they have production issues that.Playtex can design a great product for holding boobs , but fall short of making a product that can feed like one.Went out and bought Avent bottles ... and guess what . . it works perfectly , and does n't have a removeable bottom ... wow .
 Do n't remember how we got these bottles , but I 'm pretty sure we got them free with some promotion . Now I know why . They do not have good flow through the nipples , which makes feedings last forever . The bottoms are also designed poorly and leak everywhere .
 These were great at first , we loved the size and `` tilt '' feature . However , we stopped using them because nipples would clog . We also use some formula that might be clog-prone , but we did n't have this problem with our other brand of bottles .
 I like the bottles but the nipples are not good for a newborn . It would take my daughter over an hour to eat with the stage 1 nipples and the stage 2 nipples were so fast that she could n't keep up . I am sure the stage 2 nipples will be fine in a couple of months but there needs to be something between the Stage 1 and Stage 2 nipples .
 I bought these bottles for my newborn son because they are supposed to reduce air which in turn would reduce gas in his poor little tummy ! Well these bottles made the gas even worse ! He also has acid reflux and these bottles did nothing to help that!Also the stage 1 nipples that came with the bottle -- half of them did not even have a hole in them . Yes I did boil them and all pieces before the first use as well ! The stage 2 nipples were just way to fast for a newborn!We junked these expensive bottles and went with Plytex disposables with the NaturaLatch nipple ! Absolutely no problems and no gas ! Very happy with the transition!As we all know a happy baby makes a happy parent !! : -RRB- Buying disposables can be a pain , but I would definitely go that route over these bottles anyday !
 I tried these bottles and was not pleased with their performance . Bubbles still formed because air would get sucked in through the nipple hole every time my daughter would release the nipple -LRB- due to the vacuum that formed while she drank -RRB- . She also had trouble forming a good seal around the nipple because the latex was too stiff . Also , these bottles should n't be used with a steam bottle warmer -LRB- or any warming method that requires you to submerge it in hot water -RRB- because the hot water collects in the bottom vent/cap and drips out when you flip it over to feed baby . This can burn your child ! I ended up having to either heat the bottle in the warmer and then spent extra time flipping it over to drain out the hot water that accumulated , or I would use the microwave -LRB- which you are not supposed to do either -RRB- . Overall , this bottle turned out to be a pain in the butt , and it was n't worth it because it did n't even work ! I have since switched to Dr. Browns and notice a significant improvement in my daughter 's gassiness . The Dr. Browns are the BEST and deliver what they promise . Get those instead !
 I ca n't even use this bottles yet because they arrived with FAST flow nipples , although the picture clearly shows a box with SLOW flow ones ! Annoying , inconvenient , and a hassle . Thanks amazon . Urgh .
 One of the biggest sources of my frustration after having a baby is just when I start feeding a hungry baby his milk , the bottle pours out over half of it all over a clean baby -- wasting breastmilk or formula , getting a clean baby dirty , his shirt all wet , and making him cry horribly because I have to pull the bottle away -- the bottles worked great for the first month I had them -LRB- I bought about 5 because I liked them -RRB- -- but now they are warped and the tops do n't fit properly on I feel like I want my money back -- it 's so frustrating to go to feed your baby and end up pouring the milk all over him .
 I chose this bottle system for my son after reading so many great reviews , and even bought one and ran it through the dishwasher to test for leaks ... no leaks ... They worked well , UNTIL recently . My son is 4 months old and they all LEAK . Constantly . I fill one up to put it in the diaper bag and within a half hour it 's empty . They are n't very durable , the plastic on the rings is actually breaking off and now I 'm going through the struggle of trying to find a new bottle system that my son will take -LRB- I hate the liners -RRB- ... And they never did reduce the amount of air in the bottle at all . Do not buy these bottles unless you want to buy a completely new system in 4 months .
 I bought these for my daughter thinking that maybe they would n't leak like the last ones I had used . They do n't leak , but the stage 1 is TOO slow and frustrates her . She 's 5 months and the stage 2 is TOO fast . They made a HUGE mistake in not making more stages . Had I realized this before I had used them , I would have taken them all back .
 A friend recommended these bottles , but since I started using them , other moms keep saying , `` Oooh , Vent Aire . Are n't those awful ? We 've had so many problems with those ! '' They really do leak - when you transport them in a diaper bag , when you shake them to mix the water and formula , and when you try to feed your baby . What a mess!I got rid of these and bought the Playtex Nurser -LRB- bottle is hollow and you drop in a new liner for each feeding -RRB- . You do have to consider the cost of constantly buying the refill liners , but at least the liners can be recycled . And the generic liners save you money and work great . I am really happy with the Playtex Nurser . Clean-up is so easy and feedings are no longer a mess !
 I bought these bottles for my baby who is a big spitter . They have n't helped at all , and one of them leaks like crazy all over the place . I will be calling Playtex to request a refund .
 The last thing any new parent needs is a hassle . These bottles are the hardest thing to not only put together EVERY time but worse to clean -LRB- forget sanitizing -RRB- !! We would have to unscrew the bottom to keep the nipple from collapsing and pray our lil guy did not hit the bottle and spill it.The only thing positive about this bottle is the story I get to tell about the time the bottom plastic piece was sucked in by my lil guy creating a pop so loud that I flew up in the air pouring formula all over us . If we only had the camera out.I can laugh now.Aventi bottles work pretty well .
 I have tried various bottles , including Avent and Dr. Brown 's , and the Ventaire are my least favorite . They are currently stashed in the back of my cupboard and I would only use them if I had no others available . I do like the fact that the bottom of the bottle comes off for easy cleaning but I have found that unless you have the bottom disc centered exactly , the bottom leaks . Not a problem if you take the time to put it together correctly but in the middle of the night , I am lucky I can stand upright , let alone put a bottle with several pieces together . Also , you ca n't use these bottles in a bottle warmer and if you use a pan of water to warm them , the warm water collects between the disk and the bottom ring and drips out onto the baby during feeding . My biggest complaint - I absolutely hate the nipples . They are so hard and rigid ! My daughter seems to have a lot of difficulty with them so I have simply put them away and started using the others . One good point - they are OK for water and/or juice , but this is because the hard , inflexible nipples do n't allow for a fast enough flow . Overall , I would not buy them again .
 Please do n't waste your time and money on these bottles . They leak and do n't withstand washings in the dishwasher . After only a couple of months they were all cracked and useless ! They also leak from the vent sometimes , and are annoying to assemble . Too many little parts !!!
 I bought one of these bottles because i likes the idea of being more like the breast , and i wanted to breast feed . I couldnt breastfeed but my son only really likes `` dome '' type nipples . I tried giving him this bottle and he couldnt get anything out of it ! He was just sucking air . I looked at the ammount in the bottle after a few minutes and he hadnt gotten anything . I tried twisting the top of the nipple to `` open '' the hole and tried again . he still had the same problem ! I use the normal ventaire ones and he love them and has no problem !
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that this product contains BPA / Bisphenol A. I returned mine . Pacifiers , bottles , breast pumps can have BPA in them as well such as the AVENT products that I returned . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 I was surprised that so many people said that this bottle is easy to clean . I guess it depends on how you look at it . Since you can take the bottom off , you can get at every nook and cranny from both sides , so you can clean it very throughly . However , there are a lot of little parts to clean , and a relatively large number of nooks and crannys.We adopted our son from Korea , and he came with two bottles . They are much better designed than this one . There are no sharp corners for food to get trapped in , and the screw threads do n't indent on the inside of the bottle to keep food out of there . The VentAire is much harder to clean by comparison , even if you can take the bottom off.It takes a fair amount of suction to draw air through the valves insert . As a consequence , I do n't think the feature is particularly useful . A lot of the air ends up getting into the bottle through the nipple just as it would in a basic bottle design . My son does n't spit up any less with these bottles than he does with other ones.THese bottles will also leak if you do n't screw the bottoms on correctly . It 's not that hard to do , but it does happen occasionally.If I had it to do over again , I 'd start with a simpler bottle .
 HUGE CON - SOOO many pieces -LRB- 6 -RRB- to wash per bottle!HUGE CON # 2 - Once they are washed they have to be COMPLETELY dry to assemble unless leaks do n't bother you . Putting them together at 2 and then again at 4 in the morning is HORRIBLE!HUGE CON # 3 - Your baby will throw up unless you burp every tiny air pocket out . They do n't take the air out any more then any other hard plastic bottle -LRB- that was the whole point was n't it ? -RRB- HUGE CON # 4 - These are about as expensive as bottles getAfter a month of problems with these bottles we bought the playtex bag bottles and have NEVER looked back . My son would throw up all over with the Ventaire . I thought that was normal for babies . Once we switched to the bag bottles by playtex things changed dramatically . No throwing up ! No leaks ! No sleepy eyed assembly at 2am because the disks still were n't dry when I went to bed . I highly highly HIGHLY recommend the bag type over ANY other . If you are worried about the cost of the bags use the store brands . I 've only used the playtex bags once before I saw you could use others . two boxes have lasted me 4 months . I will never use another type of bottle .
 We like the style of the bottle and the ventair system . Unfortunately the stage 1 nipple is way too slow and the stage 2 is too fast . With the stage 1 my son -LRB- who is only 3 weeks old -RRB- gets frustrated and with the stage 2 he spills a lot of the milk over his mouth . We have found other Gerber nipples that fit in the bottles that work much better .
 We bought these bottles for our newborn ... what a nightmare ! The first time we tried to feed her with them , she tried to eat for 10 minutes and was getting very frustrated , so I check the nipple and nothing was coming out ! After cracking the hole on the nipple open , we tried again . After a while , the bottle created such a vacuum , that the nipple started to colapse , so I constantly had to unscrew the bottom , since that side was up , to allow more are to get inside . After all of that , I tried rolling the bottom ` vent ' portions to hopfully crack those seals open a little ... it helped a little , but she still was getting so frustrated and exhausted ! I tried the stage 2 nipples and the flow was so fast that she kept choking . After all of that , I returned them and bought the Playtex Premium disposable Nursers and the Avent disposables . The avent nipples were too long ... but she LOVES the Playtex Premium Nursers !
 I purchased these bottles because my baby has problems with gas . I thought this would reduce the intake of air . Not so much . In order for the formula to keep flowing you must screw the bottom off the bottle several times . This can lead to a big mess if your baby moves or turns and the bottle tips . Also it leaks out the top and bottom . The nipples that come with the bottle are not soft and too firm . You can purchase softer ones to fit this bottle , but it 's a waist on the original ones . I do like the wider mouth idea . It made it easier for my baby to latch on -LRB- with the soft nipples extra $ -RRB- and it is a larger area to get the formula in . I would recommend the new Gerber bottles . They have the wide mouth , less leaks , and less air .
 they were fine at first , slightly annoying with several parts to clean without having a dishwasher . but after about a month the numbers began to rub off and they started leaking everywhere . i literally had to use a measuring cup to pour the correct amount of water in to make formula . very annoying .
 My three month old daughter is breastfed and we thought we 'd give these bottles a go . I was hopeful that she might like the VentAire bottles , but they were a fail . We tried both the slow and fast flow nipples in these bottles and she was n't able to get anything out of the bottle with either flow rate . It was disappointing to say the least.Even though the bottles did n't work for us , I 'm sure they probably work well for someone 's baby , so I will try to give you a run down on the bottles contained in this set . The set contains three nine ounce bottles with the fast flow nipple . There are no additional replacement valves for the vent with the set as there are in the newborn starter set.Other reviewers have stated that they had leaking issues with these bottles . In the few times that we attempted to use these bottles we did n't have any leaking issues , but I 'm sure they could happen given that the bottom screws on and has holes in it that are covered with the silicone valve vent.The bottles feel pretty comfortable in your hand . I have used bottles in the past that are not comfortable to hold , so I think it 's worth mentioning that it fits nicely in your hand.When it comes to cleaning these bottles you can be sure you have every nook and cranny clean since it fully disassembles , but that also means that you have lots of pieces to keep tabs on . The bottle has six parts total.Overall , while the bottles look nice , I think the Ventaire concept is really a gimmack and a poorly executed one at that . What good is a bottle if it 's nearly impossible to get anything to come out of it ? Personally , I 'd pass on these bottles and try either the Avent bottles or the Playtex Drop Ins .
 I bought five sets of both 6oz and 9oz bottle , because I thought the ventaire is good for my baby per the product description . The 6oz bottle has slow flow nipple and the 9oz bottle has fast flow nipple . I use these bottles from the time my baby around half a month to two months and since then these bottles are in a shelve . The slow flow bottle takes up to 1 and half hour to feed 3oz . My baby suck on it the whole time , but since it is too slow it can takes a long time . The fast flow is too fast , which can choke up the baby since she could n't swallow fast enough . My baby spits out half of her feed with the fast flow bottle . Stay away from this kind of bottle if you can or just buy one set to test it out first . I have been back to the standard yellow nipple which is much better .
 These bottles have two key defects ... 1 . -RRB- The numbers wore off of these bottles within the first two weeks ! Each day I had to rewrite the oz . markers back on the bottles with a Sharpie ... a total pain ! The only reason I continued to put up with this is because my son took to these bottles so well .2 . -RRB- The bottom seals/vents leak . I found if you put them in the microsteam bags , they warp easily and then the bottle will leak . I had to buy all new vents . I simply washed these in hot soapy water and no longer microsteamed them . That did the trick.These two performance issues drop my overall rating . All that said , my son took to these bottles extremely well . If you really want to go with this brand , get the Crystal Clear version . I had no trouble with the numbers on the Crystal Clear ones .
 These bottles have worked for us only because we mostly breastfeed and do one bottle feeding per day . If I always bottlefed I would 've bought new bottles by now.Pros
 I liked these bottles because of the wide , natural shaped nipple , the venting system that did n't allow air to go through the milk , and the bend in the bottle that seemed to allow for more upright feeding , and they were relatively inexpensive . Unfortunately they did n't turn out to be that great . You ca n't warm the bottle in water and expect the venting system to work , which is not very convienient . My daughter struggles with the vacuum sometimes and I expect that the water is acting as a sealant keeping the vent from opening . The ink marking the volumes -LRB- oz and ml -RRB- came off after the first washing so I ca n't know how much is in the bottle . I 've tried to replace the markings with a VWR lab marker -LRB- water and alcohol proof - pretty heavy duty marker -RRB- and these also come off . It makes me question what is in the plastic . The bottles have also recently started to take on a sour smell -LRB- after 1 month of use -RRB- . We also use AVENT BPA free and Born-free glass bottles and am much happier with these than the Platex .
 I was trying to get a Playtex bottle/nurser that did n't require liners , since the liners seemed like another unnecessary expense , but my baby liked the Playtex natural rubber nipple . However , I found these bottles confusing and the added features completely useless . They require a silicon nipple , and my baby could n't get a good suck on it . It might be good for other babies , but not mine . I 'm going to keep them around and try it out on her again , but I do n't have high hopes for this bottle .
 My baby boy spits up a lot and since day one we got Dr.Brown 's for him . However , the problem w Dr.Brown 's bottles are they are supper hard and time consuming to wash -LRB- at least they work fine and I am going back to them -RRB- . When I saw Playtex does not have much compartment like other bottles , I got one . To my disappointment Playtex Ventair does not work at all ! 1 . It does not reduce the bubbles as you can clearly see bubbles through .2 . It does not help with gas , colic or spit up at all , it is like normal bottle with way more expensive price tag3 . Worst of all it LEAKS sooooooo bad4 . It does not fit in my Dr.Brown 's warmer , in which it accepts most bottles.In conclusion , it did not work for my son and it was such a waste !
 Like you , I read all the reviews I could of bottles , travel systems , baby swings , cribs , etc etc etc. . I loved the shape of these bottles -LRB- very handy when needing your hand - you can prop the bottle under your chin while feeding -RRB- , and the concept of the `` ventaire '' system made a lot of sense ! HOWEVER , 2 months into using these bottles , I became FED up with having to wash all of the different parts , drying them thoroughly -LRB- it 's a MUST with these things -RRB- , and having to `` activate '' BOTH the nipples and the ventaire plastic seal ; wasting valuable time and energy that should 've been spent with my family , catching up on laundry , cleaning the house , cooking , and grabbing naps in-between -LRB- I also work a full-time job and did n't get home till 6 PM every night -RRB- . The WORST of all of it is that if you do n't install the vent juuuuuuust so , it leaks ... the person -LRB- below -RRB- who said it does n't leak if you screw it on right , has n't met me - I 'm 34 years old and DO believe I have learned how to screw on a stupid cap ! It 's a `` hit or miss '' deal ... sometimes I would go a whole week without a leak and then OUT of the blue ... water EVERYWHERE !!! -LRB- and they 're slow leaks too , so it 's not like you would notice right away ... it took like 30 minutes before showing -RRB- Then I called Playtex to ask them what the problem was , and they thought my water might be too hot and breaking down the material ... so , they kindly sent me some new ones . Well , yeh , THAT did n't work either !!! It is a GREAT idea , but VERY bad design !!! I finally threw my hands in the air ... and purchased Evenflo 's version of the `` angled bottle '' and now I am in HEAVEN !!! Do yourself , and your time , a favor and do n't waste the money .
 My babies found these bottes to be extremely difficult to get anything from . In fact , after trying to feed them for almost a 1/2 hour they had gotten nothing . I ca n't even draw air through the nipples ... way to difficult for a newborn . Maybe there is an issue with the set I have but I do n't like these .
 I bought this based on the name - Combi - and the fact that I have a travel system of theirs which I absolutely love . Unfortunately , their expertise does not extend to wipe warmers . Conceptually , this would be a great product for any changing table - my baby loves the warm wipes -LRB- I know this because she literally jumps when we 're out and about and the wipes I used are n't warmed - and she 's not happy when she jumps like that ! -RRB- . But the design of this unit leads to several problems . The design is as follows : - To open the unit , you press the yellow button on the top front , and the lid pops open . This lid holds the heater , so the top wipe in the stack is the warmest . - When the lid opens , the next piece you see is a plastic second lid with a hole in it - basically this holds down the wipes , which are on a spring-loaded base at the bottom of the unit . You pull the wipes through that hole one wipe at a time . And they are definitely warmed ! - To load wipes into the unit , you squeeze together two pieces of plastic which are attached to this second lid . They unlatch and allow you access to the wipes holder , the base of which is spring-loaded . You push that spring-loaded base down , load in the wipes refill , push down the latches on the second lid , and push down the first lid . The attachment of the first lid engages the springs , so the next time you open the lid , the wipes are pushed up to the heater.Unfortunately , the major design flaw here is the latches on the second lid , which ca n't compensate for the springs . They are n't strong enough for multiple wipe loadings , and have weakened over time.So let 's say you 've got a middle-of-the-night changing happening . You quietly put your baby on the changing pad , get out the new diaper , remove the old one , push the yellow button on this warmer unit lid ... and suddenly the springs release , popping all the wipes up , the second lid hits the first , and you 've got a wide-awake child on your hands ! -LRB- This happened to us several times before I decided to throw in the towel on this unit . -RRB- Another problem mentioned by other reviewers is the sudden appearance of water underneath the unit . This is true and is a major electrical hazard - based on how much water we found under this unit one night , I havea to admit , I 'm surprised this has n't been recalled yet . We mitigated this somewhat by placing a waterproof vinyl pad under the unit , but really we should have just chucked this thing a long time ago . I 'm in search of another unit now , but wanted to warn all parents about the dangers of this unit .
 After reading the reviews this sounded like an easy choice . I was VERY wrong . When I first plugged it in I could not believe how quickly the wipes heated . I thought it was great . I did think they were way too hot after they were in a while ... but a quick shake after I pulled one out cooled it down enough to make it safe . Then a few days later I was pulling them out and the inner lid popped open ... and kept popping open with every change . THEN when I lifed the unit to put new wipes in ... my $ 700 changing table / dresser was flooded and warped ! -LRB- I had it replaced !! -RRB- I had not known it because the pad and a basket were on the table , too . Same problems kept happening . So I called Combi ... Customer Service told me the Instruction Manual states that the wipes are to be left in the packaging . She said that the excess moisture which caused the flooding would be held by the packaging . Of course I could not measure the amount of fluid ... but I am not exaggerating when I say CUPS ! Even if it did hold the CUPS of water . . so when the plastic pacaking is empty and no longer has wipes , it is filled with excess cups of moisture and then you have to remove that to dispose of it ???? And although it is stated ... a -RRB- there should be a warning to NEVER use wipes not in a package and b -RRB- WHY ! I bought a large `` bag '' of Huggies wipes . . there is no package to pop in.Second ... she told me that the unit is not supposed to stay plugged in all the time . . and that this too , is in the Manual . So I lookeed at that , too . Not in the `` Usage '' part . . but on the back under `` Cautions '' it states this
 It worked great for a few days , then as I got to the bottom of the batch of wipes , they were totally dry . Also , the whole thing flooded my changing table , not sure why , but I am returning this unit .
 In addition to the weak design that makes this unit more noisey than it should be in terms of caring for babies , and in addition to the weak design that causes water to collect inside the unit , ours ' has heated to the point that the plastic on the lid has warped and the unit will no longer close - after only one week of use . I am calling the company and demanding that they take it back and refund my money .
 These are terrible . The blades are the cheapest things imaginable -- so blunt that they leave nails ragged , making it even more likely that your baby will accidentally scrape himself with his nails . And the rounded edges make it nearly impossible to use them on the tiniest nails . And they are larger than regular adult nail scissors , which I now use on my baby instead of these.Don ' t be fooled as I was by the fact that they 're marketed as baby nail scissors . Nothing about these scissors suggests they were actually designed to be the safest thing to use on a baby 's delicate , small nails . The only thing about them that says `` baby '' is the -LRB- admittedly cute -RRB- butterfly design . If all you care about is how they look in your medicine cabinet , these will do fine . If you actually want to use the scissors , definitely get something else .
 I do n't know if it 's bc i 'm left-handed but most scissors work just fine , not these . I ca n't cut anything with them . They are dull metal parts that should be sharp do n't even touch .
 The scissors are not a toy , and I was asked to review them as a toy . Hence , my rating may be of no value . I was a bit disappointed as they do n't work very well to trim an infants nails .
 I could n't use these clippers on my daughter 's fingers . I could n't see what I was doing !! It 's a cute but terrible design . I bought a summer infant set -LRB- home and travel clippers -RRB- and am very happy with it .
 My son did not enjoy this toy , the speaker volume was too low and the voice was boring and there was virtually no music to it . I liked the way it looked , and to it 's credit it was sensitive to touch , but it just was n't fun . I thought the sounds of the animals could be better and louder . This item was returned .
 The mat is great to teach shapes and animal sounds . My daughter loves it except she is falling all the time . The mat is too slippery and my daughter jumps from animal to animal and 9 out of 10 times falls . She thinks it is funny but I am not happy about it . We do not wear shoes in our house but I have her wear sneakers when doing this mat , which is inconvient .
 I bought this item from amazon for my 2 year old son . We did not find it useful at all . It was very hard to use . My son did not enjoy playing with it .
 They were suppossed to send me a 4 pc crib bedding set and I only got 3 pieces , its been so frustrating to get the missing piece that I lost a lot of time and phone calls trying to , and never got it . Neither amazon or the seller were able to solve my problem , the solution was to return it , buy another one and keep the part I needed or send me something similar , the bedding set is really nice but the transaction was the worst of my life !
 I returned this item . Did not like it . Thought it looked &#34; cheap &#34; and would not give it for a gift .
 I bought this as a gift and luckily my plan was to give it all set up ! The entire bassinet , even the area that holds the mattress is cardboard ! I was horrified when I saw how this was made . The card board was stapled and even the staples were loose and falling . I know it was n't an expensive purchase , but I have seen far superior quality for products in the same price range.This is a definite DO NOT BUY .
 I received this as a baby gift -LRB- not put together yet -RRB- . I 'm sure if the person giving the gift had put it together beforehand and realized it was junk , they would n't have given it as a gift . This bassinet is very poorly constructed . DO NOT BUY .
 There was n't a ruffled cover , or pad cover ! I had this sent as a gift !
 Hi , I am a bit upset about this purchase , this is not what it seems , I can do to trim have what I seek ? Where I can get the other part of the merchandise ?
 These are the worst baby wipes I have ever tried . They are the consistency of wet kleenex . They are super thin , much smaller than normal baby wipes , and they tear easily . You ca n't clean your baby with them because they are so flimsy.I only bought them to get the $ 25 free super saver shipping , so essentially they were free , but even free , they were not worth it . We tried them once and threw the remainder of the wipes away .
 This item broke down after 3 days and music does not work .
 I loved the Jumperoo with my first two sons , and I would give it five stars until today ! Today it broke and my third child ended up on his head hanging upside down . After several babies and storing in the attic , the straps that hold the fabric seat all broke at the same time . Just watch out and check your straps .
 Whenever a product turns out to be a piece of crap i go out of my way to tell the world . Our Junkaroo is only about two years old and is falling apart . And it 's not from overuse or misuse . The legs fold for storage/transportation . They are supposed to be held in the open position when in use by little metal nipples that fit into plastic dentents . Yeah ... plastic ... that 's gon na last . As one might expect , the nipple/detent system ultimately has failed and the legs wo n't stay in the open position . The whole thing is wobbly , dangerous and is basically going to wind up being more plastic junk clogging up our landfill .
 Spend the money at a store for this jumperoo . I had bought one several years ago that was much sturdier and smaller . The store bought one has the height adjustments on the bars itself and is not so flimsy . If it were n't for the cost of shipping , I would return this .
 I initially picked this one up because we do n't have a door frame to hang the regular Jolly Jumper from , and the stand alone Jolly Jumper looked too big for our small apartment.Big mistake . The height adjustment only had 4 levels . Not very good for a baby that grows . The seat did n't hold our son well , so he kinda flopped around in it as he tried to bounce . Two minutes in the thing , and he would get frustrated with it . The flashing lights and toys just got in his way - he wants to look at the world around him.I returned it after a week , and got the stand alone Jolly Jumper . Our son LOVES it . The first day we had it , he was in there three times , jumping like crazy , laughing , having a great ol' time.Get the Jolly Jumper before the over-rated Fisher-Price Deluxe Jumperoo . Your baby will thank you.Jolly Jumper with Stand
 No wonder all the customer pictures above are of sleeping babies ! This thing bored the poor things to sleep ! It only has 3 toys for baby to play with . Not to mention it is hard to store and takes up alot of storage . Hard to move from room to room if you have narrow hallways -LRB- although I would n't have minded the storage problem if it could keep baby interested for even a half of a second ! -RRB- . Not to mention the one and only button that activates music and lights is kind of hard for baby to push . I even had to push it a couple of times to get it to start . Spend your money on the rainforrest , precious planet , or the laugh and learn . They have better reviews and tons more toys on them to stimulate baby . FYI
 May I ask please why is this item 65 dollars as recommended on fisher price website and it is 169 sold here ? Please explain
 Would love to review this item but I NEVER got the item ! Send an email one week ago . Have n't heard anything yet but I 'm still interested in know what happened to that item -LRB- was it shipped , if so ... where ? -RRB- .
 My son is 9 months old and loved his exersaucer . So I thought that he needed to change his senery and would love to jump . I sold his wonderful exersaucer -LRB- bad mistake -RRB- and bought this online . Shipping was fast and very easy to put together . I put him in it and it was nothing but screams ! So I try day after day and still he hates it . My hubby says that it is because he is too old to get used to something new . I hate that , beacause overall I thought that it was neat.Just a thought ! Wish we could could return it , but threw away the box .
 This was not that great . it took up to much room even when it was folded for easy storage . My daughter couldnt really get enough bounce out of it when she jumped and would only last about 5-10 min in it before she had had enough , so i sold it at a second hand kid store -LRB- lost alot of money on it -RRB- and i picked up the fisher price doorway bouncer with the tray and bumper around it . MUCH MORE FUN AND EASY TO STORE !!!!! My daughter had a BLAST in it from about 7 mos . to 13 mos . she got far more bounce out of it -LRB- catching a little air occasionally -RRB- and she would sit there spinning like a ballerina in it cooing and laughing . This product was in my opinion a waste of space and money .
 I washed this bunny once on the gentle cycle prior to giving it to my daughter . It was kept in her crib and only played with while she was in her crib , usually during naps and overnight . She slept with it for less than one month . Yesterday morning I was horrified to discover that my daughter -LRB- who is 7 months old -RRB- had `` decapitated '' poor `` Bunny '' during the night . The head was completely detached from the body -LRB- the pink and white pieces were completely separate -RRB- , and the head 's stuffing was completely exposed . Fortunately , she had not removed any of the stuffing , but what a total choking hazard !!! Ironically , I had intentionally chosen `` Bunny '' because of its organic cotton ingredients -- I thought they would be safer for something to which she was frequently exposed and mouthing .
 I really wanted to like this product but had to return because after the first wash before use , I noticed the bunny head stuffing leaked brown colored liquid , turning the head dirty yellow and leaving a brown ring on the body part . If my baby sucks on it , he would have ingested whatever the brown juice is . This product is not safe for a baby !
 I do like the convenience of these bags , but they are marketed to be multiple use and every one I have used breaks -LRB- typically at the seams -RRB- after the first use . They are handy , but perhaps another brand would be better .
 If you are considering these Medala Micro-Steam Bags , PLEASE READ THIS REVIEW - you will still need to disassemble and wash all parts with warm soapy water BEFORE you put the parts in the bag and steam-clean them in the microwave . I have read several reviews - ones on this site and reviews on other sites - that state that these bags are great time savers because all you have to do is rinse the parts , stick them in the bag , and nuke them for a few minutes . My mistake was that I purchased these bags off of the rave reviews of other moms and did n't read the directions closely . A month after using them , I happened to glance at the directions printed on the bags and saw that step # 1 was to disassemble and wash all parts in warm , soapy water . So while I was happily throwing my rinsed off bottles and pump parts in the nuker to save time , I was actually skipping a really important sanitizing step . Now , I 'm just back to using soap and the bottle brush to clean everything . So yes , if you 're looking to sterilize your bottles/pump parts once in a while , these bags can work for you , but if you 're thinking of using them on a daily basis , they are not worth the money .
 Product name is Quick Clean but when you read the directions , you are required first to wash everything in warm soapy water before using the bag in the microwave . This is quick compared to boiling water but not what I thought the produvt was meant to do .
 I used this product exactly as directed and it melted my tubing . What a nightmare . I immediately ordered replacement tubing to be shipped via overnight mail . Not happy .
 This review is n't about the product ... it 's about the description.Nowhere on this page does it say the quantity of bags you are ordering . Could be 1 . Could be 100 .
 First off , I was not thrilled with the thought of microwaving pump parts -LRB- not with all the info that is coming out each year about what is and is n't safe to microwave -RRB- . However , I thought this might come in handy to `` dry '' sanitize -LRB- not have to submerge -RRB- teething toys , and in a pinch . WRONG . So glad I did a test run using 2 teething toys , prior to sanitizing anything more expensive in this bag , as my toys MELTED . I realize that it does not mention using these for sanitizing anything other then pump and bottle parts , however I would guess that if the item can be sterilized it should work in this ? NOPE . Also , the bag itself melted on the outside . So glad I did not first try this out with expensize breast pump pieces . Also , it has vastly different times for different wattages of microwaves . Granted , if I would have known 100 % what my microwave wattage was , this might have worked well . I looked all over our newer microwave -LRB- @ 2 years old -RRB- and was unable to find the wattage -LRB- no I did n't save the manual -RRB- . I figured since we are always able to cook food at the suggested time , we had a normal microwave . However , I used the middle suggested time range with the correct amount of water and had melting . I guess if you are 100 % sure of your microwave wattage , and are ONLY using this for breast pump pieces , this might work well for you . However , I think I will stick with boiling parts for sterilization . Seems better for the enviroment , cheaper , safer and honestly does n't take that much more time . I talked with a friend who also had melting with this product , and has since stopped using this as well . On a positive note , I love their other products and their breast pumps are great !
 They rip easily after they have been heated , usually near the steam opening . They also melted my tubing and I followed as directed ... i only have used it twice on my tubing at 6 weeks . First time because i thought clouding was bad , to find out the steam bags do and its normal . Second because some how milk got in the tubing . My hot water in my sink gets just as hot as the microwave so now i just soak them in hot water until i need them again instead .
 I bought these under the impression that I could use them instead of washing my pump parts in the sink , but upon reading the instructions -LRB- when our hot water heater had gone out -RRB- the first step is to wash the parts in warm soapy water . Also , if you have a Medela pump that has a `` soft fit '' breast shield , you can not use these bags for that shield , so you would still need to boil water or sanitize in the dishwasher , defeating the purpose of this product .
 U still have to wash them with soap and water , there s no reason to sterilize the stuff every time . I use these occasionally but not as much as I thought .
 I had been using the Dr. Brown microwave sterilizer but it accientally was broken so I was in the market for something new . The only downside to the Dr. Brown sterilizer is that it is bulky and finding a place for it . So I thought I would try bags and bought these Modela microwave sterilizer bags . They worked fine but the issue was with the size of the bag . They are tiny !! Could only get two bottles inside , so having to do a couple days worth of bottles took all day to do becuase I was doing them 2 at a time . The doc brown can hold 7 bottles plus all their nipples and takes the same amount of time . I 'll definitely go back to bulky to save valuable time as a parent to an infant .
 I did not realize I still needed to wash the pump parts before using the bags . I bought them thinking I could save a step . Now it is a waste of money and they are just going to be thrown away . I was also concerned about the pump parts warping since we have a high-powered microwave .
 We ordered these nipples for my 6 month old baby . The nipples tore from the tip after first few uses . I have been using Dr. Brown bottles since the day my LO was born . I never had any complaints with the company or its products before this . This is scary ! On the third day while feeding , my LO was having difficulty drinking out of the bottle because the flow was too heavy , that is when I realized that the opening on the tip had tore and milk was coming out of it much faster making her choke every time she suck on it !!
 Shipped through low cost carrier `` LASERSHIP '' which is notorious for losing packages ... like this one . Never received product .
 I could not get my little one to use these nipples . They are extremely small . I also was not crazy about the bottles since they have five separate pieces to wash !! Good gracious , like you wo n't have enough to do as a new mom ! I much prefer the Avent bottles over these for sure .
 I am in my 5th year of diaper-buying & have found these truly to be the best diapers . HOWEVER , there is no reason for me to buy them at Amazon when I can use coupons at Rite Aid -LRB- which has basically the same retail -RRB- and pay much less .
 Three months ago when I began ordering diapers online , Amazon charged only $ 7.49 for a package . That same package is now $ 10.49 . I can pick up diapers in the grocery store for $ 9.99 -- there is no longer enough of an incentive , even with free shipping -LRB- which takes f-o-r-e-v-e-r ! -RRB- to order these diapers online . But as far as diapers go these are my favorite ones . They are absorbent and fit snugly on both of my children . I like them better than Huggies because each time I changed my son , there would be little beads from the diaper 's liner clinging to his skin . I tried Huggies again with my daughter , but they just are n't as good a fit at the Pampers .
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this ! The diapers are the best ones out there .
 I heard from a friend that Amazon had great prices on diapers -- this is no longer true . $ 10.49 a pack is way more than any B&M store around . $ 7.99 was a great deal -- increasing the price to $ 10.49 a pack stinks !
 If you like diapers that leak , then you will love Luvs ! These diapers absorb wetness , but every time my daughter had a dirty diaper , she 'd leak and I would have to change her clothes ! I only let that happen a few times and then switched to Pampers instead , which is worth the money and time saved changing her clothes every morning !
 LUVS diapers are GREAT , never had an accident and my baby ; s sensitive bum is not bothered by them at all . But for 35 $ this is a huuuuuge rip off , you can buy the she pack at walmart for 6 $
 I picked a package of these up a week ago . . after one day my 6 month old developed a red rash . I thought it was the wipes but after a few days realized it is the Luvs . They do not hold wetness away from the skin as well as Pampers or Huggies . They may be a dollar or two cheaper but not worth the rash . .
 This is the second time I 'm trying Luvs , and I 'm annoyed with myself for even giving them a second chance . The first time I tried Luvs -LRB- size 1-2 -RRB- , they leaked HORRIBLY nearly every time my daughter wore them . I contacted customer service and they were snotty and definitely not customer-oriented . However , after many emails on my part they did send me a coupon for free Luvs -LRB- my first thought
 Well I am SO disappointed that Luvs has just changed their diapers -LRB- and definitely NOT for the better -RRB- !! They not only seem to be a little thinner , but they absolutely STINK ! They now have this overbearing strong perfume odor that smells like my grandmother 's perfume . Not only that , but I believe my baby is allergic to the scent . She has broken out all over her bottom after wearing these `` new '' Luvs for about 2-3 days now . We buy the 92 count boxes and unfortunately are out a lot of money now because since I ca n't stand the sickening perfume stench I will be putting them out for the trash and switching back to Pampers Cruisers . What a shame . I switched to Luvs and really USED TO like the old ones , but we are going back to our old brand . By the way , I thought it was my imagination until I Googled this issue and found an interesting message thread on BabyCenter -LSB- ... -RSB- Apparently a lot of people do not like the stench . YUK ! WHAT was wrong with the old ones ??? `` If it 's not broke , do n't fix it ! ''
 I was disapointed that the navy color bled onto the white of the blanket . The blanket material itself seems very good quality and it is oversized so it goes into a swaddle easily ... however it does n't stay swaddled very well . The only swaddle that has worked for us -LRB- and we have tried many -RRB- is the kiddopotamus swaddle with velcro ... that one worked great .
 We registered for two of these mobiles for our twins . We recieved both of them . Upon putting them together , we realized that the mobile ca n't operate without the pieces hitting the bar that holds it to the crib ! How annoying ! We returned them both .
 We have had this duck cover for about a year . Our daughter -LRB- 19 months -RRB- loves this duck ... but she loves all ducks . My husband and I HATE this cover ! It does it 's job - it 's stays on and protects our daughter from hitting her head on the spout BUT we have the hardest time getting the darn thing off ! It does n't just slip off , you have to tug and pull to remove it when bathtime is over . The inside of the hat is also moldy . Time to buy a new , different kind of faucet cover ! I think there are better ones out there !
 This product kept my daughter from injuring herself on the facet -LRB- many times , actually , otherwise I 'd give it one star -RRB- , but that is all . The bubble bath dispensing feature does n't work unless you are filling the tub all the way up because the bubble bath comes out way too slow . I never fill the tub all the way up with my 18 month old . I would think by the time your kid is old enough to be safe in a full tub of water , you probably do n't need a spout cover anymore!The most annoying thing about this cover is the fact that I almost have to pull the spout out of the wall to get the thing off ! There is no way to get to the shower diverter on top of the spout without taking the cover off , so this is truly frustrating . I 'm thinking of trying theSkip Hop Moby Bath Spout Cover - Sky Blueas it seems like it would do much better with the diverter issue .
 The duck is cute and yes my kids did not hit their heads on the faucet but it did wedge itself in between the wall and my faucet and caused flooding in two room downstairs . We did n't even noticed but know we have a hole in the ceiling in two rooms a week before Christmas ! $ 15 duck and $ 300 in repairs .
 Our 10 month old daughter loves the design and it keeps her safe from the spout . However , no one mentions how inconvenient this is for a spout that also works for diverting water to a shower head . This has become problematic in that you have to remove the duck each time after use if you intend to use the shower . In the process , it has been both destroying the duck -LRB- it wo n't stay on anymore -RRB- and it has pulled the spout out of the wall from constant handling . I would only recommend if you have another method for turning on the shower .
 It is cute , but a pain ! I have great difficulty taking this off to have guests shower . Also it developed black mold under the hat and the hate broke off itself ! It was a cute idea , but I am going to switch to one that has a hole so I can access the shower more conveniently .
 This spout cover is really cute , but it didnt work with my tub spout . It was too small . My spout is a little wider at the back where it is against the tile , and the duck could n't slide all the way on .
 This product had mixed reviews but I loved the concept and purchased as a first fathers day gift ... the frame is nice but the `` kit '' for making the footprint is cheap and DOES NOT WORK ... I followed the instuctions and the footprint would not show up well or hold its shape ... This product was not worth the money ... now I have an OK frame to put pictures in and have to start over in finding a good fathers day gift ... very disapointed !
 We received this as a gift . Like some of the previous reviewers , I was not satisfied with this product . The mold stuck to everything , including the rolling pin and roller that came with it . I had to flatten it out as best I could with my hand . The impression of our baby 's foot was mediocre , at best . I thought it just looked cheap and would not recommend it .
 The clay was too wet . I had bought the Discovery store versions in 2005 and 2008 and this appeared to be the same but was not . I noticed the clay was stuck to the foil pack but it felt fine when kneading . Then when I started to roll it the roller stuck to the clay . So then after finding another roller and getting it ready , I tried to imprint my baby 's foot . What a mess !!!! It was all over her foot . So I re-formed it and let it dry and it kinda worked but defiantly not well . Had it not been the precedent of the previous 2 frames for the older kids , I would have returned it .
 I purchased this as a cute fathers day gift and after following the instructions I discovered that the clay sticks to everything even my baby 's foot . The impressions never turned out . Needless to say it is being returned .
 We love the frame ... a perfect match to the one we bought 3 years ago . However the molding clay included to be used to make the baby 's foot print was hard -LRB- not pliable -RRB- and it did not keep the imprint of the foot . We ended up having to find and use other clay . This was very disappointing .
 This was supposed to be my husband 's 1st Father 's day gift . Instead , I now have to run around , find a last minute father 's day gift with a full time job and a 9 month old.So , it 's a nice idea and it looks great . When I received the product today -LRB- 4 days before Father 's Day , I was relieved that I finally got it so shortly before Father 's Day . I opened it tonight after he went to work and the baby was asleep and wanted to cry
 I was so excited to use this , but found it very difficult to use . I bought it about 3 months before I had my baby . I opened it only to find the photo side frame broken -LRB- I fixed it with glue -RRB- . Then the material was very hard to handle . It stuck to EVERYTHING ... I 'm not sure if I just got a bad bag ... we followed all the instructions ... overall , buy another product . This was not worth the money and effort . I got another kit at Target and that worked like a charm .
 Do not buy ! The clay sticks to EVERYTHING ! It was impossible to use . I had to make my own recipe to use inside the frame . This was aweful . I should have returned it .
 The product looks nice and makes a nice present for grandparents . We had a heck of a time getting the clay to roll out evenly . The included rolling pin is a joke . The clay sticks to it so badly we just used our hands . We ordered a different one for ourselves that has a side each for the hand and foot separately . The clay in that set is vastly superior . The difficulty in using the clay would deter me from buying this or recommending it to others . Keep looking . It was really frustrating to use .
 Item arrived in a super , over-sized box with no cushioning at all . Item has terrible &#34; bruises &#34; when received with chipped corners and damaged paint . It 's now still sitting in some corner of my house unused and about to be dumped as I would n't put up such a damaged item up for display -LRB- I mean , would you ? -RRB- . Furthermore , it 's in white , making all the damages all the more obvious . Utterly disappointing experience !
 Since I bought one of these kits for my 1st grandchild , I wanted one for my 2nd granchild , but could n't find it except online . I was very dissapointed with this ! The background matte was missing . The medium for the handprint was gooey and unusable . I 've been waiting weeks for a replacement . I would NOT RECOMMEND this product , from this company .
 -LRB- Bought by Grandma , review by Mommy . -RRB- We have done handprint and photo frames with our 2 older children and had no trouble with the `` clay '' , but the texture of this clay was very different - more like a putty . It was hard to push my child 's hand into the putty , it did n't show the fingerprints -LRB- like the other 2 had done -RRB- , and by morning it had lost most of the impression . Since it was n't completely dry , I tried the other side of the putty and pushed even harder , but within an hour most of the definition was gone . We will probably go to a craft store to find some decent clay rather than attempt to work with customer service to get another batch of putty .
 Save your money . I should have listened to negative reviews myself ! The putty is not elastic enough , so the imprint is faint . The glue wo n't hold the putty in place in the frame . The frame looks cheap and flimsy .
 Since I read good reviews here , I bought 3 frames for myself and 2 sets for the grandparents . When my baby was one month old I wanted to celebrate it by making the foot print . I opened all 3 clays and they were hard as rock . I was really disappointed and sad that I could not make them at that special date . Contacted customer service by email -LRB- which I got from Amazon reviews -RRB- and they said they were sending me a replacement . A month later , nothing . I contacted them twice again and no response ! They could at least tell me they could not help , so I would not wait until my baby is so much older ! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY , go to an arts shop and get your own old clay , at least you know it is going to work when you want it .
 We have put borders up in a few rooms in the house with ease - just dip in the water and go . We gave up on this product as both top and bottom edges would not stop curling . We tried more water and we tried less water and nothing worked.I live in an old house with plaster walls but I really do n't think that contributed to the problem . I just think that although this is an adorable product , it 's not well made . I think it 's made from cheap vinyl and unless you 're willing to use wallpaper paste -LRB- which we were n't -RRB- then you should n't waste your time purchasing this .
 So far my 4 month old baby boy has taken interest in this toy for about 3 seconds , then his eyes wonder off for something more colorful and interesting . He likes the feel of it in his mouth , but I have to literally put it in his mouth for him to even try it . I think because it 's white and small it 's just not interesting for him yet ... maybe soon as he grows .
 I have a few problems with this seat . The first weekend we used the new booster seat my 3-1/2 yr . old had an accident . I had to take the entire thing apart just to wash the cover . It took me at least 45 minutes to put the thing back together . Installation is difficult because I use the latch system and the strap is sewn in so you cant tighten the latch as much as you would like to . The rear strap is too short and extremely difficult to change the length . It takes me forever to install to my satisfaction adjusting here and there . The headrest is in a weird place . The strap which you pull to tighten the five point harness always gets stuck . I would buy a different brand next time .
 I labored long & hard over which to buy . My oldest daughter is a very tall & thin 21/2 year old . We have a Britax Marathon -LRB- love it -RRB- for her now , but she is very close to being too tall for it & too skinny & young for a regular booster seat . And with the addition of our newest baby , we are looking to move her into a convertible booster.PROS
 I bought this because the manufacturer 's description stated that it is for a one-year old that is 20 pounds . I went to Babies-R-Us and bought it and was told the same thing . After I arrived home , I saw on the box that it is only for children one year old , 22 POUNDS , AND AT LEAST 34 INCHES TALL . This is a problem since most one-year olds I know are not anywhere near 34 inches .
 I bought two of these as replacements for my 5 and 2 year old after a car accident . They are shaped exactly like the Safety 1st carseat that my son had prior . The only difference seems to be the cover . My daughter was only in this seat for 20 minutes and started crying because her back hurt . My son could n't get comfortable either . The covers on these have a big wad of stuffing at the lower back , then a seam , and then very little -LRB- if any -RRB- stuffing up to the headrest , which is ridiculously overstuffed . This put her back into a very uncomfortable curved position . My son could n't get comfortable either because of the stuffing at the lower back and the headrest . I 'm taking these back today and then going to Walmart to get the Safety 1st that has a better designed cover .
 After buying a newer version of this car seat in Feb of this year , I came to find out through a car seat safety expert - Cosco has the lowest rating for safety there is.This car seat is so top heavy that in a car without LATCH it can tip to the side , which happened to me while my daughter was in the car !!! Upon speaking with Cosco about the issue they suggested I twist my car seat lap belt 360 degrees to put it a full tension and hold it tighter . When I asked if this would n't incress snapping possibility in an accident the rep had no answer for me.Their other suggestion was for me to buy a kit , to install their `` teather '' strap , drill a hole in my back ledge of my car in search of a `` pre-drilled '' hole that all car companies have been putting in since 1989 and install this hook that would allow me to `` teather '' the top part of my seat to it.Completely not comfoprtable with installing after market saftey itmes in my car and told them that the car seat should be safe WITHOUT LATCH , and that customers should n't be required to buy added parts for their childs safety . Again the rep had nothing to say.The added parts are not talked about - and the on top of it all my daughter was rather uncomfortable in the seat anyway.I had to fight tooth and nail to be able to return the item because it was defective . COsco wanted nothing to do with my return and woul n't help me in any way.By the way - I have had my lap belts in my 1997 4 door Saturnm checked by 3 different mechanics and there is nothing wrong with it , the issue was entirely with the seat !
 Nice looking seat - had great safety ratings - and amazon reviews - we bought two - nice until one child got sick - it took 45 minutes to take the seat apart - and another half hour to reassemble - talk to the company customer service - they had nothing to say other then that is the way we design our products - we had a bowl of screws and pieces - a nightmare - just do n't buy it - ours are going back .
 I actually bought the 2006 version of this stroller in November 2007 . It broke last month -LRB- July 2008 -RRB- . The lever that you push down to open it cracked in half and now the stroller can not be opened . I give it a one star for 2 reasons - 1 . It broke and is completely non-functional 2 . It is still under warranty and Inglesina customer service has not adjudicated the case or returned any phone calls in 3 weeks so now I am stuck without my everyday double stroller . Before the stroller broke , I thought it functioned ok . I would have given it a 3 star . Good qualities included easy to maneuver , fits through all doors , very compact when folded . Downsides include very difficult to open -LRB- had to push really hard on the lever which is probably why it broke -RRB- , kind of heavy for an umbrella stroller , seat back was sort of lumpy and looked uncomfortable , the backside of the hood is too short and does not stay buttoned when the seat is fully reclined and actually flaps in my sons face when he is fully reclined , and the seats are very narrow so if you have kids that are above average width , I do not recommend this stroller . If Inglesina calls back in 1 week , I may change my review , but otherwise , I 'll stick with my one star .
 i love chou-chous thats why i am try to buy one with the suff that go with it .
 We have since switched our house to natural products and no longer use products like these that contain sulfates , fragrances , etc. .
 Ordered this item from Amazon after searching for a simple umbrella to use with our Bugaboo stroller , while we were on a sunny vacation . We were surprised that toys-r-us stores -LRB- and other big stores -RRB- did n't have anything.We did use the umberella , but I would say it was really difficult to use , mainly : - it did n't fit the Bugaboo stroller bars , it was tricky to get it to hold for a long time - it was really hard to change positions using its flexible rod - it was n't big enough to fully cover the baby from the sun , and required a lot of moving and repositioningThe only positive to this umberella is the price , and lets say you will at least get partial coverage from the sun . Plus it might work better with other strollers . We were kind of stuck for somthing and 2 day shipping worked great while we weere on vacation , so that is kind of a positive that we were able to get it that fast.I think we are going to be stuck with ordering the Bugaboo umberella , I just hope it works much better .
 We 'd bought this for our stroller that the car seat attaches to as it has no additional shade provided . Wished we had n't wasted the money for this as it 's not very durable and it 's limited in what bars it can be placed on the baby 's stroller given the attachment and it really does n't provide the shade we 'd hoped . Disappointing .
 Too difficult to use.Pain to fold the stroller.Annoying trying to get the right angles to be useful.Broke after a few weeks .
 I have a Gracco stroller and this umbrella does not fit on it ... I 've bought it and could never use it ! Sad ...
 Cheaper to buy these diapers at the local store . Amazon - I 'd rather order through you , but I 'd pay $ 3 more per pack - that 's about 40 % more than the local storeNormally I love to shop at Amazon , but not for diapers . In this case , Amazon stinks .
 Every other diaper presented leakage.These sizes run small and just do not protect against leaks.Try the Pampers Swaddlers .
 I HAVE BEEN ORDERING DIAPERS FROM AMAZON.COM FOR MONTHS AT $ 7.49 PER PACKAGE , NOW THEY ARE $ 11.29 . THAT IS INSANE !! THEY COST LESS AT THE LOCAL GROCERY STORE ! SHAME ON YOU AMAZON FOR JERKING AROUND THE PRICES !!!!
 I have been buying diapers from Amazon for a while now they are so expensive.Not sure why , they are cheaper not at Target.Bye - Amazon .
 What is going on ? I have bought my diapers from Amazon for as long as I 've had children ... and now the price is going up ? What 's going on here ? Bah ! I 'm going to drive 20 miles to the nearest town to save money on diapers , instead of having them shipped to my door ... yah , that makes sense . What an INCONVENIENCE !!!
 I have a 4 month old and have tired numerous diapers . Ive tried Pampers Swaddlers , Pampers Baby-Dry , Huggies UltraTrim ... NONE of which I recommend and most especially Huggies Supreme . Many of my daughters clothes have been stained due to the lack of absorbtion of '' # 2 '' . The diaper is very deceiving . It seems like it fits nicely but on the back side of the diaper the `` absorbant strip ends leaving a gap for the poop to leak thru and then even worse leak up and out !!! The poop used to get all over my daughter 's back !! I would literally have to JUMP out of bed when I heard her making poop and lift her up so that it would get all over the crib . Then when I would change her I found that her poop did n't absord anywhere in the diaper . It was just a puddle of poop . Sorry for being so graphic but I want you all to get the picture so you do n't waste your money ! The smae thing happened with the Huggies Ultratrim ... BIG WASTE OF $ $ $ !!!!! I have finally fould the best diaper EVER ... Pampers Cruisers ! They can get a little pricey but they are SO TOTALLY worth it when you think of how much you spend on those cute outfits and bedding . The absorbtion is GREAT , unlike any other !!
 They hold against leaks okay for my daughter , but they hold all the wetness in the front of the diaper . It creates a huge bulge even when she has barely gone . I really prefer Luvs . I have n't had any leaks yet .
 Huggie Supremes do not work on my daughter at all , the back of the diapers constantly `` open up '' allowing anything inside the diaper to leak out . Was a messy 42 diapers .
 Oh my gosh I hated this tanning lotion !!!! It made me look super orange ... and dont even get me started on the smell when I started tanning with it suddenly it became so overwhelming and it reminded me of burnt skittles lol I always had to take a shower right ater tanning because it was so strong and gross ... So in my opinion dont even waste ur time or money .
 The price hike really stinks . Great diapers ... bad price . Did n't Amazon learn anything when they hiked the price in Similac formula ???? I 'm really sad - my son is almost a year old and I 've been buying his diapers from Amazon exclusively since he was 2 months old and I was buying his formula here , too . It 's like loosing a good friend ... bye Amazon . I 'm off to Target .
 Holy cow what a price hike ! I could use a coupon anywhere and get this diaper for 7.49 , but the convenience of ordering on line was awesome with 2 in diapers , but the huge price hike made amazon lose a biiiggg diaper customer .
 No warning , No nothing just a 4 buck price hike ??? how rude - well guess what amazon - I wont buy anything from you - Im only one person but maybe others feel the same ???
 We are big fans of Huggies in our house -LRB- as much as you can be a fan of a diaper brand ! -RRB- , but did not like the Huggies Supremes at all ! They seem smaller than the regular Huggies , and do n't stay fastened as well . Thankfully we bought the Supremes in a small package - my dh especially disliked them and could n't wait to use them up !
 I switched to Huggies because they were cheaper than Pampers . It was a huge mistake . These diapers leak constantly . I have to change my daughters outfits 2-3 times a day when she wears these diapers . Also the tabs pull off real easily , making diaper changing a real pain . I highly recommend paying more to get the better quality from Pampers .
 My son has worn both pampers baby dry and huggies Supreme . The huggies are so stiff and the leave chaffing marks on his legs . I will stick with Pampers and every now and then they only cost 7.50 a pack with free shipping . Cheaper than wallmart .
 These baskets , while generous in size , are SO smelly . they smelled like turpentine . I 'm sure it was the paint on the basket . The liners also smelled and after 2 washes I still could n't use them . My husband now uses them in the garage .
 I was under the impression I was getting a clothing hamper . Instead I received 2 baskets . Very miss leading at least .
 These are not great quality . Nice looking , but super thin . Not sure how they will hold up after a few more washings !
 I was thinking ... J&J ; read my mind!I wanted to purchase J&J ; baby oilbut when I saw this product I thoughtit was the best of both worlds.It says it moisturizes like an oilbut feels like a lotion.It feels like a lotion but it certainlydoes not moisturize very well.The skin absorbs the lotion quicklybut I do n't feel my skin feeling moisturized.Sometimes it leaves a slight chalky feelingto my skin.I thought a brand like Johson * Johnsonwould make a better product.I 'd say ... just stick with Cocoa Butter.That seems to be the cheapest and works the best .
 I got these to match the swaddle designs blankets , which I really love . However , these burp cloths are nothing more than cheap cloth tri-fold white diapers , with either ribbon or flannel accents in the middle . The middle panel looks okay , but the sides are thin and flimsy . I expected the entire burp cloth would be higher quality cotton or flannel but instead you 're really just getting a cheap tri-fold diaper with some decoration .
 I bought this product thinking it was made of some secret material that would absorb liquid better than a standard cloth diaper since it was a bit on the pricey side . Well I was wrong . Basically that is what it is , a cloth diaper w / a design . Not worth the money . I bought a 10 pack of white cloth diapers at walmart for 10 bucks . Ya live and ya learn !
 Unlike the description of the product suggests , this product is not made in Germany . It 's actually made in China , which is a big problem if you , like myself , do n't buy made-in-China baby products .
 Well , I love the pattern and I 'm set on getting another one of these mobiles to match the bed set , BUT the thing fell apart as soon as I put it together . The pin popped out of the mobile -LRB- the piece that plays music and rotates -RRB- and the entire canopy fell into the crib . I was very disappointed . I 'm going to have to return it and hope the new one is n't broken as well . Oh yeah , I have a Delta Elizabeth crib and the mobile will only fit on the guard rail , not on the side of the crib . The sides are too big . : o -LRB-
 just bought it today - love the decor but the clamp is about 1/2 inch too small for our Simplicity Ellis convertable crib - so disappointing & frustating - we 're off to BRUs to return it & find another one - ugh ... needs to be re-designed to make it more adjustable .
 I was happy to find a diaper ointment without petroleum products in it . However , this product still contains known carcinogens . I had to look up the preservatives on the EWG -LRB- Environmental Working Group -RRB- website . If anyone is interested , I have discovered Badger Balm . It is the only certified organic diaper ointment I have found , and I believe I may have researched them all . Some products claim that they contain organic ingredients -LRB- and that may be true -RRB- but they usually also contain a number of poisonous chemical fillers and preservatives . Down with the chemical industry !! ... lol ... but seriously
 The list price on Alba 's website is $ 5.99 but on Amazon the list price is listed at $ 11.10 .
 This is a metal frame with fabric draped over it and tightened . The stitching is not perfect , it is actually pretty flawed , but it will work -LRB- unless you pull a string , then the seam splits -RRB- . The sizing listed online is for the base , but these boxes are actually trapezoids that are wider at the top than bottom so if your measurement is close - beware it may not fit . There is a piece of cardboard covered in fabric in the bottom - do n't get it wet ! Spot treat with water and hand soap to clean other areas .
 I bought this for my 2 month old and we put it up and the arch would not stay up , so I took it back the very next day and spent the extra money and got a better one ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!
 I agree with the other 2 reviews posted to date - the color is n't true on the picture ... but I ordered 2 of these and they were also wobbly - the manufacturer put corrugated cardboard under the felt on the bottom for some reason and it made them very unstable because the cardboard bulged out past the base . Not suitable for a child 's room !
 Unfortunately the other review was n't here when I purchased this . It is not white with opaque bubbles , as it appeared to me , but blue with green bubbles . In addition , it is n't metal even though it says that in the name . It 's plastic painted to look like metal . I returned this product because there was a smattering of yellow glue on the canvas shade for some reason , that I could n't really get off .
 The photo of this lamp makes it look as though the shade is a pale peach/rose color with a bubble pattern on it . It is in fact blue . Terribly disappointing . Just a warning . It would be cute in a little boy 's room .
 if you pull the nipple all the way to the sides , out will come a collection of ` things ' from hair to lint to dry milk ... one day while cleaning one of the pacifiers I noticed a piece of hair stuck to the base of the nipple , when I pulled the nipple to the side , the hair still would n't come off , so I pulled it really hard and along with the hair came a string of lint ... I did the same thing to the other 3 pacifiers and it was the same ... since then I kept an eye on these nipples and noticed that even within a few hours of use , it still collected lint and other things ... . I regularly would boil the pacifiers and wash around the base of the nipple , but this is n't enough for these pacifiers ... I am sending these nipples back to the company for my $ $ back ... do n't buy these unless you are willing to constantly keep washing them within a few hours throughout the day ...
 We bought this because it matched the bassinet and high chair . First of all you can not turn the music off - you have to wait until it is done . Also you can not adjust the volume . It swings so fast I was afraid to put my son in it while it was on . I returned this and got the Fisher Price Papasan cradle swing . My son loves that one . Do n't waste your money on the Eddie Bauer swing .
 I liked the look of this swing a lot . i set it up before i had my baby . after my baby was born one day i decided to put her in the swing . after about 1 minute in the swing she started crying . when i went to get her out the STRAP WAS STUCK ! i couldnt get her out ! this made her really cry ! when we finally got her out we never put her back into it and brought it back to babies r us assembled . i would not recomend this product .
 I wish I had read the reviews first . Beautiful , yes . Functionable , no ! There is not much difference between speeds , almost seems too fast for a 2-3 month old on the lowest setting . The music , ca n't shut it off when you shut the swing off , have to wait for it to finsh on it 's own , 15 minutes or so . In retrospect , I wish it had volume control as well , a little too loud at times . Wo n't get much use out of this product .
 What an awful product ! The motor failed after literally 5 minutes of first use . We thought it was the batteries and changed them . Nothing . Went out and bought new batteries and nothing again ! Once you turn the sound effects on , there is no off button . If the baby falls asleep , tough ! The buckle on the straps is unbelievably hard to undo . So is the snap on the tray . Every single time I used it , I scratched my fingers . The only good thing this swing has going for it is the way it looks . What a lemon ! Since it was a gift , I ca n't even return it , and I do n't have proof of pruchase.UPDATE
 We bought the swing thinking it would look good in the house and it does . However , my son does not like it at all . The music is awful and does n't have a turn off switch . You are stuck for 20 minutes listening to the music even if your child stays in it for 2 minutes . My son is very active and kicks the toy bar constantly and he will only sit in it for no more than 3 minutes . I thought he just did n't like swings in general but a friend has another kind and he sat in it for 30 minutes and then drifted off to sleep . I would n't recommend this swing unless you just want to look at it .
 This is a really nice wooden swing but when it comes to the music it 's horrible . You ca n't hear a thing . Also , once the music is turned on there 's no way of turning it off . My daughter hates this swing . She loves the aquarium swing better .
 We bought this swing because it is absolutely beautiful ! However , once the baby was born and we started using it we found the swing is too fast even on the slowest setting . The tray is very difficult to open . My fingers can attest to that and the safety harness lock needs to be reset a few times before unlocking . We still love the way it looks , like the color and seat lock when getting the baby out , however , we wish we could take it back for one that is more easy to use instead of beautiful .
 This swing looks nice and is very well constructed . However , as other reviewers have pointed out , even at the slowest setting , it swings ridiculously fast . Our 2 month old son was throwing his arms up scared with each swing ! My wife and I say its like the swinging pirate ship ride at amusement parks . Maybe as the batteries wear down or your child grows and weighs more it might be OK . I 'd recommend getting one of the smaller travel swings at first . They swing a little slower and take up a lot less room .
 This thing just moves way too fast , even on the slowest speed . We 're going to see if we can return it .
 I loved the look of this swing , and the seat seems comfortable to the touch , but my daughter hates it . And the swing mechanism skips around to the different speeds even when you are n't changing them . I also had trouble getting the tray on and off , and the buckles on the safety strap were difficult to get off once she was in the seat . She would scream to get out , and I had to struggle to get the safety belt off . I would n't recommend buying this swing .
 The speeds are horrible , even though it has 5 , none seem to be the `` right '' one . The music is hard to turn off and just annoying . It does n't have enough color/lights to entertain an awake baby , so we only use ours when she 's sleeping . We 've used it for about 5 weeks and now the swinging portion is n't working at all !
 We bought this swing because it was beautiful and classy . Big mistake ! Babies dont care if something is classy , they want something colorful and contrasting ! We put our daughter in this several times and everytime she started crying -LRB- it swings really fast ! -RRB- . We returned it and got the Baby Einstein one and she loves it ! The colors are bright and it 's much more entertaining for her !
 I would not recommend this swing by any means . It swings WAY too fast for a baby . At first I thought I might have had it on the fastest setting but soon realized it was set on the slowest speed and was going very , very fast . Then I thought it may be a malfunction then realized it was not after reading other reviews like mine . It seems there is no difference between the slowest and fastest setting on this swing . Also the tray is really hard to put down in order to put baby in the swing . I am taking it back . Yes it is a georgeous swing but please do n't be stupid like myself and buy one .
 I registered for this swing and received it as a gift . My daughter used it for 2 months and the motor failed . I called Babies R Us where it was purchased and they were very accommodating and did an even exchange with no receipt after I explained that it was a gift of the registry . The new swing worked for about 3 months before acting possessed ! Sometimes it will swing uncontrollably fast and other times it just turns off on its own . After reading all the negative reviews , I am going to call the manufactured directly to discuss the `` LEMON '' nature of this product . I can not imagine a reputable name like Eddie Bauer being attached to this product.The swing looks nice and matches the high chair and bouncer in the collection but that is the only positive.The straps are difficult at first but I found that pressing firmly one side at a time does the trick and to turn the music off , press and hold the music button for 5 seconds and it turns off.Shame on me for not reading reviews in advance.p.s . The bouncer in this collection was the single BEST thing I had for my daughter from birth to 4 months !
 This swing is nothing but trouble , I registered for it without checking on the reviews which is my own fault but I ca n't believe that this swing has so many problems that they do not adjust for . Swing speeds are all virtually the same even though they have 5 settings , you will never notice the difference . The tray , once snapped into place is impossible to undo without injuring yourself and when the baby is crying I have been forced to get her out without undoing the tray . The swing motor has already broken once and instead of paying to have the whole swing shipped to be fixed my husband fixed it himself . She had only used it for 2 months minimally . It is very hard to fold and that makes it very hard to manage . I am extemely unpleased , and have learned a hard lesson about reading reviews before purchasing .
 I purchased this junk heep because of good reviews . WHAT A MISTAKE !!!!!!!!!!!! I had to take it back twice because the motor stops working after approx 1 month . I am returning my third one today !!!!!! What a joke !!!!! I just hope my Eddie Bauer highchair does n't collapse !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sincerely Dissapointed !!!!!!!!! J. Guerra
 I too was impressed by the looks of this swing . However , once I got one , things were not as well . First , we had to return the first swing we received because one of the housings for the hanging arms of the swing was misaligned so we could not complete assembly . The second set had the same problem , but was able to fix it with a tap of a hammer -LRB- should this have to happen with a brand new product ??? -RRB- . Then we ran into the problem one of the reviewers mentioned . The music can not be turned off ! You press the button once and music starts . Your press the button twice , sounds come off . But the music will not stop . You have to wait 15 mins for the concert to end ! Anybody 's heard of an off button at EB 's ? So , keep a screw driver handy so that you can turn off the music by removing the batteries . I 'm scratching Eddie Bauer from my list of baby product suppliers ...
 After waiting for 3 months , we finally laid down the cash to buy this cute swing . I was so excited , until my husband finished putting it together . Like so many other parents , we bought it for the wood look , which looks so nice in our wood floor living room . Also , I liked the fabric , which is perfect for both boys and girls . But we ca n't stand it !! The motor is SO NOISY , it just grinds and grinds . The music is loud and does n't turn off without removing the batteries . There seems to be no difference between the 5 speeds and the lowest speed is quite fast , although my son does n't seem to mind.After much anticipation , we have decided to return it and buy one of those bright colored plastic things .
 I registered for the Eddie Bauer Swing along with other Eddie Bauer items . I loved the look of the wood because it matched my wood floor . After using it for several weeks it stopped swinging . After changing the batteries it was obvious the swing was broken . Babies R Us was kind enough to exchange it but the same thing happened to the 2nd Eddie Bauer Swing . It was such a disappointment because it looked so perfect in my living room and now I 'm stuck with a broken swing . I am also going to contact the manufactuer .
 We bought this swing mostly for the looks knowing it would be parked in our family room , however I totally regret that . There is no difference between speeds 1 - 5 and ours goes super fast when our son is not in it and is so slow its not even like its swinging when he is in it . He 's a big boy - 15.5 lbs at 9 weeks , but it has been like this since he was a newborn . Go with performance and not looks for this piece of equipment !
 I hated this swing , its heavy and awkward and not easily to move if you plan on using it in multiple rooms . It does look nice but thats about it . I ended up selling mine after using it once .
 My son is almost 15 weeks now . He loves the swing and we use it on the highest speed since we start him in it . The motor just failed on us . I would not buy this swing again . The straps are to hard to use and are n't removable for cleaning . We do n't use the straps . It is bulky to take with you . The tray is ok . Nice looking but it needs to work . Shoddy workmanship on the motor.The music stops if you hold the button in , just like the swing button . If anyone knows how to get a hold of the manufactuer , please post it.Dave
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! My son loved this swing , worked great for a colicky infant but after only 10 weeks the motor died . I thought it was the batteries I tried replacing the batteries several times with no success . This product is definately not worth it 's expensive price , although it 's beautiful in design the workmanship is not !! SAVE YOUR MONEY OR YOU WILL END UP SPENDING MORE !!!!
 I bought this swing when my son was about 3 months old -LRB- last month -RRB- . It is a beautiful swing so much nicer to look at than those ugly blue ones , and very easy to put together . Also folds up to take up less space , but i wish i would have bought the Papasan instead.My son is now 4 months and weighs 17lbs and the swing does not operate . i have to push him in it ! The nature sounds were all i used because the music was aweful , but now the nature sounds are scarey sounding like screams . After a month of using it 2 times a day , i thought the batteries were running low so i replaced them and the motor just did n't run . I am going to call the company to complain , after a month of use and it breaks !! Great design , poor quality . My son loves the swing i wish the motor did n't stop running . I 'll write back if the company does something for us .
 This swing sucks ! My son hates it now that he is 3 months mainly because it does n't recline enough . He still sits up and it just is n't comfy . I disagree with the other people who said its too fast - now that Gavin is 12.5 lbs , the fastest setting is n't fast enough because he weighs it down . The only reason we bought this swing was because it matched our living room ! New moms , go for what works well no matter how ugly or mismatched it looks !
 I got this swing for my baby shower . my son loves it . he would go right to sleep in it . I have had this swing for almost 3 months and the MOTOR DIED !!!! I thought it might be the batteries so i replaced it and nothing . Im gon na see if i can return it for another one.Although it a beautiful swing its really not functional . the 5 speed are a little to fast for a newborn . and you ca n't ajust the volume for the music . I would n't recommend it !!
 This swing is not worth the money . My husband put it together so regarding ease to assemble it took him over an hour . The music was blaring and there is not a volume control . Also , the music keeps going and going and going . You ca n't turn it off . After five minutes I started getting a headache and I was in a different room.Another not so great thing about the swing is the slowest swinging option is really really fast . We put weight in the basket thinking that might slow it down ... Yeah , not really . The poor baby that gets put into this will be flung to and fro and will probably have poor hearing from the LOUD music . Trust me ... skip it . Not worth the cuteness of it being wood with the Eddie Bauer name . Yikes !
 Like another reviewer , I am frustrated by this lemon of a swing that I ca n't get a full refund for because it was a gift . Dorel Juvenile Group is the manufacturer , but their refund process is cumbersome and does n't allow for a refund without proof of purchase ... impossible to produce since it was a gift and the registry no longer lists the price of an item received . From the first use , the waist strap buckles were difficult to unclasp without a significant struggle . Distracted by the demands of a new baby , we made the decision to continue using the swing without buckling the waist strap . For about one month our baby was soothed happily in the swing . Suddenly the swing motion stopped working consistently and the nature noises adapted a strange , warped sound . We promptly replaced the batteries , assuming low battery power was the problem . Approximately every second or third use , the motion and sound problems occur . But more important , and more frightening , are the problems with the waist strap buckles . As our daughter grew stronger and was moving around a great deal , we grew concerned about her safety in the swing without being buckled into the seat properly . Yet every time we buckled the straps , we had extreme difficulties getting her out . When I finally could not release her from the swing for nearly 10 minutes -LRB- a panic-stricken period in which she was crying frantically and I was panicking about how to get her out -RRB- , I immediately set aside the swing and went to buy another by Fisher Price .
 My son loved this swing for 11 weeks , until the motor died . It is completely out of commission and we are returning it for a new brand . The tray is difficult to open and close , but easier to use if left closed . It took me 9 weeks to figure out that you can shut the music off by holding the music button down for a few seconds . I would n't recommend purchasing this swing .
 We selected this swing without first consulting consumer reviews , where we quickly realized we made a mistake in purchasing the swing . The assembly would have been easier , had pre-drilled holes been accurately located . The base footprint of the swing is much larger than the picture on the box makes it appear . Worst of all is the electronic aspect of the swing
 I am starting to potty train my daughter , and plan to line the floor under her potty -LRB- in the living room - in front of her potty-training DVD 's -RRB- with waterproof blankets . I already have an older one from years ago , and was looking to have another in `` rotation '' for when the original blanket was washing . This blanket does n't even come close to the quality of the original blanket I have . The blanket I have is very thin polyester material , almost like a flannel , with a PVC-coated backing that feels `` rubbery '' and is very sturdy . Even though my original blanket says `` hand wash '' , I have washed it many times in the washer on delicate and it comes out like new . THIS blanket 's backing , on the other hand , is not at all `` rubbery '' feeling ; it 's more crinkly and almost like a plastic bag from Wal-mart . It would NEVER make it through a machine washing and would get ripped to shreds ; I ca n't even believe it would survive too long outside if it was used as a picnic blanket -LRB- surely small stones & twigs would rip it easily -RRB- . Furthermore , the colors in the plaid are SO much louder and more obnoxious than they look in this picture . As soon as I opened the box , I said `` ICK '' . Because I think it will cost almost as much to send it back as I paid for it , I thought about keeping it , but everytime I look at this blanket , I get annoyed . I 'm returning it to Amazon and ordering the `` Waterproof Picnic Blanket '' from Turfer Sport instead , which sounds more like my old blanket and has excellent reviews -LRB- even though that blanket does not have free shipping offered -RRB- .
 It 's okay . I like how the legs fold in so you can slide it flat under the couch -- however , within a month , my 2.5-yo -LRB- 30 lb -RRB- had broken off three of the four legs . They still work if you put them on , but if he jumps too hard , the trampoline jumps itself right out of the legs . We have to keep it up against the couch . My son is more destructive than most kids his age , but still , he is 2.5 and managed to bend and snap off the metal coils that hold the legs in place.Not hugely impressed . It works okay , but it 's hard to keep it in one piece . I 'm disappointed that it is n't sturdy enough for my 2 year old and I really wish I 'd have chosen a different one .
 I would NOT reccomend this toy . The elastic broke the 2nd day we got it . The design is flawed . Elastic band instead of metal springs ?! Of COURSE it will break ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I gave the trampoline to my grandaughter for Christmas . Unfortunately I did n't open it and set it up first because when they went home and did , the trampoline had a defective spring . I 'm still trying to contact the company I received it from to resolve the situation .
 Had a really tough time putting this together , on christmas eve no less ;--RRB- Holes not lined up correctly , parts that were easily missing or lost . In comparison to other trampolines on the market - and the one we purchased subsequently - I would not recommend . Also do not like the bungee cord usage for the spring surface . Much prefer the per-installed springs of the other trampoline we bought . Overall , give this one a miss .
 Had this trampoline for a year , and had to replace the bungee cord 3 times , the first time Galt replaced at no charge , but every couple of months the cord would break again . At $ 20 a cord , I was n't going to keep replacing it , especially for the price I paid for the trampoline . I put electrical tape on the screws and anywhere there was metal or a rough edge rubbing against the cord , unfortunately it has metal grommets and I believe that is the problem . I put it out for the trash this morning , and I 'm buying one that has plastic grommets . Other than this problem , my kids loved it , unfortunately it sat broken most of the time because I got so tired of having to replace the bungee cord ... AND my kids did n't use it constantly , so it 's not a very good design in my opinion .
 MY 3 YEAR OLD SON LOVED THIS , BUT THE BUNGEE BROKE AFTER 6 MONTHS ! I EXPECTED IT TO LAST LONGER FOR $ 100 ! GOING TO TRY THE KIND WITH SPRINGS NEXT TIME .
 I bought this trampoline for my twins after a friend had one for her young children.We bought this one because of it being able to be folded.It was very hard to put the bungee cord around and the handle does n't fold and the way the legs fold I am afraid of the metal clip flying off.We are looking for the type our friend has and are going to throw this one away .
 We 've had this trampoline for only a few months , the bungee has snapped so many times we had to call the company for a replacement bungee -LRB- which cost us 19 dollars -RRB- . The first night with the replacement bungee , it snapped . My 5 yr old is 45 lbs , well below the weight limit for this trampoline . This product did not live up to it 's description .
 I bought this trampoline for my special needs son after his therapist suggested that it was a great tool for his sensory stimulation . We placed it in our living room and as soon as he got up on mornings he would jump on it giggling with excitement . It was a joy to see how much pleasure he was getting from it . Then the bungee cord broke within the first couple months of him using it even though he is well below the suggested maximum weight requirement . I contacted customer service and was sent a new replacement cord immediately . However , I have to report that the new bungee cord broke again not long after . So it is obviously a waste of time to get the same replacement cord for the trampoline since the underlying problem remains the same . Really bad product.I am very unhappy that my son , who loved the trampoline , can not use it at all . It 's a total waste of money . Would not recommend to anyone . I can not express how dissapointed I am with the quality of this product . Now my son is without a trampoline after spending $ 80 for something that has been broken longer than he actual got to use it .
 I 'm warning everyone out there about buying this product . I got it for my 4 year old son this past Christmas . He is on the autism spectrum and I thought it would be fun for him . He only weighs 40 lbs and is well below the maximum recommended weight for this product.Within a month , the bungee cord that holds the entire trampoline together had snapped , rendering it useless . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 'm warning everyone out there about buying this product . I got it for my -LSB- ... -RSB- son this past Christmas . He is on the autism spectrum and I thought it would be fun for him . He only weighs 40 lbs and is well below the maximum recommended weight for this product.Within a month , the bungee cord that holds the entire trampoline together had snapped , rendering it useless . -LSB- ... -RSB- Two weeks ago , I broke down and paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a replacement bungee cord . Today , that snapped as well . Four months after purchasing this product , and with less than two months of actual use , this trampoline is going in the garbage.My son is devastated , and I 'm very disappointed in all the money I 've wasted on this thing .
 After reading many good reviews about this trampoline I decided it was the one that I wanted to buy my three year old daughter for Christmas . It was not too difficult for me to put together myself.My daughter got a good solid two months of jumping use out of it before the Nylon bungee rope snapped . I was able to pull the rope tighter and fix it , but it didnt last long until that snapped too.After searching online i saw comments about contacting the manufacture about getting a free replacement cord under the 1 year warranty ; However that turned up a bust as the company in the united states that manufactured it went out of business . Anywhere else that I had found to BUY a replacement rope was out of stock.And just one more item of note , i had to tighten the screws often because they kept coming lose .
 I purchased this for my 4 year old son because its what he asked Santa for . I did n't want to get a big one so I opted for this one because it was a reasonable price and perfect size to fit in the play room . It was not very easy to put together , but I am not very handy either.After just one week of play -LRB- not everyday play -RRB- my son was jumping and the bungee cord snapped ! My husband was able to cut off that part and fix it for the mean time -LRB- it broke where the piece to hold it in place was so it was an easy fix -RRB- . This morning my son was doing light jumping and a screw fell out and the side came apart.It has now been removed from the room and will not be played with again . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I was very disappointed with this high priced kids trampoline . Previously I purchased an adult round trampoline for less than half the price . This trampoline did not have the handle bar . My todder son , age 2.5 , enjoys the trampoline so much , I thought I would get the higher priced model . To my surprise , the higher priced model is not as high a quality as the lower priced adult trampolines . The most important problem is that this trampoline uses a bungy cord to wrap around the inner mat , and not springs . Springs work MUCH better . The bungy cord moves and adjusts , and does not give a good spring action . The handle bar is on one side of the device , and when the child jumps , the other side tends to raise up and when it goes down it pounds on the floor . This can ruin a wood floor , and it can cause a loud sound throughout the house . The frame is very light , and does not appear to be a durable as other frames . Overall , the design looks good , but it is not functional . The manufacturer needs a new design that eliminates the above problems and which uses springs . Perhaps the bar should be centered more , and perhaps some mechanism should be in place for putting a weight on the side opposite the bar to prevent this side from going up and down . Finally , when the trampoline goes up and down , this is dangerous , and the child could topple it over , and hurt himself .
 The trampoline was alot of fun for the kids . When I tried to fold it up , the top part did n't fold which made it impossible to put under a bed , unfortunately . My 3 year old was playing with it and the one leg broke right off . Thank goodness no one was injured . Not well made at all . I tried to contact the seller via email and phone . 2 weeks later and still no response . Very disappointing . I would certainly not recommend purchasing from this vendor or purchasing this trampoline .
 It is held together with a bungee cord that ripped apart in less than a week ! with a 62 pound boy jumping on it . It is rated to 77 lbs . Do n't believe it . It is not made to last AT ALL . Stay away unless you want it for a 2 year old ... horror show !
 THIS PRODUCT DOES N'T EVEN EXIST !! I tried ordering this SQUARE trampoline from 2 different vendors and kept receiving a ROUND one instead . It took a dozen emails to Amazon to solve the problem , but the bottom line was that I never got the square trampoline that is depicted here . Customer service reps at Amazon could not tell me why the 2 companies I ordered from sent me a different item from the one depicted . I urged Amazon to change the picture associated with the &#34; galt folding trampoline &#34; since I ordered it twice but it never matched their image . No one could tell me if the square trampoline was available . How can you advertise something if you do n't know if you even have it in stock ?? Ultimately the listing was changed and now there is an accurate image associated with the product . -LRB- It is a round trampoline -RRB- . Based on the layout of my home , I wanted the square and I can not be the only person with space limitations in my home . Do n't get your hopes up for this product unless you purchase a previously used one because I do n't think they are made any more .
 We 've gone through two of these . My daughter has sensory issues and uses this trampoline a lot . It is near impossible to put together - it 's one of the only toys my husband has complained about putting together . The first one lasted less than a year . The 2nd one has only lasted 5 months until one of the cords broke in half . That is after we 've had to keep putting the screws in after they fall out all the time . So ... we are off to buy a different brand . After 2 tries , I 'm done trying to make it work . BTW , my daughter only weighs 36 lbs . I could n't imagine if I child weighed more than this .
 I purchased this for my 2 year old grandson and he loved it ; however it was not constructed very well . The handle broke loose from the frame on both sides making it unsafe for a small child . The only way it can be repaired is to take to a welding shop . For the price of this trampolineGalt Folding Trampoline , it was not worth the price .
 Within five minutes of assembling this trampoline for our three-year-old daughter , she had hurled herself over the handlebar onto her head!She is very agile and strong , and had no trouble scaling the `` safety '' bar with her vigorous jumping . We tried adjusting the bar to a more upright angle , but the same thing happened ! We are lucky she was not seriously injured , and have disassembled this toy.If you have a very active child , BEWARE ! The tarp is much too bouncy , providing a dangerous launching pad for tots .
 You have to unscrew the handle to fold the trampoline , so the folding option is n't great . I do n't feel comfortable leaving it out for my 2.5 year old because of safety . He also likes to jump without the handle , so I have to be right near him . I got it because my son 's therapists suggested a trampoline . I wish I had saved my money . This seller wo n't let you return it if it 's been opened . By the way , it took my husband 2 hours to put it together . The bungee cord has to be threaded and stretched . BIG pain !
 This item was ordered and delivery was promised by a certain date and it did not happen ! I did not hear anything from anybody regarding the delay until I e-mailed them . They e-mailed back and promised another date which they did not deliver on . To date , the item has not been received and there have been no further communications . This is totally unacceptable and I will never order anything from Amazon/Baby Age again .
 My 6 year old son has a thyroid condition that causes him to gain weight rapidly when he eats honey-glazed pork rinds . So we got him this to help him shed some weight and he hates it . He works up a sweat in about 15 seconds and starts to wheeze and cough like an old Buick I used to own . He says it 's not fun because there 's no game pad ... and he 's right . How can you make a kid 's trampoline without the requisite game pad?We left it outside and it collects lawn clippings , which the engineers should have thought of . I mowed around it all summer and when the winter freeze killed the grass the paint was chipping which made me so angry that I kicked it and it dented a little . It 's like the thing is made of old soda cans . So I took the dented , paint chipping , grass-filled apparatus and decided I 'd donate it to the neighbor kids and I have n't missed it one bit .
 I had bought this for my son 's OT sessions as he could n't jump of from bare floor . First of all the the parts they sent had misaligned wholes , and the screws on the handle bar could n't be assembled properly . The base was assembled properly . After 2-3 weeks when my son learned to jump on it holding the bar , it could n't with stand the jumps and base bars broke after a week.It 's not worth the money . Pl do n't buy this product .
 Purchased this for my 3 year old who loved it . However , you constantly have to tighten the screws . And one of the sections that connects the two bars on the side snapped to where it is not fixable . So great toy just a pain . Now I have to get a new one . Not this one just new trampoline .
 My seven year old son with Down syndrome received this for Christmas . He absolutely loved it . He only weighs 45 lbs and will jump for hours on this . The safety screws fall out all the time and we are continuously putting them back in . Also the elastic cord frayed and broke by the end of February . We called the company for a replacement and after almost a month , they sent us a new cord . It broke after only a week . Sadly , I think we must retire this well-loved trampoline because it is just not safe or durable enough .
 My 3.5 year old received this for Christmas . We were not able to assemble it because one of the frame sections was missing a critical drill hole to connect it to the rest of the frame , rendering the entire thing unable to be assembled . I contacted the manufacturer for a replacement via their 800 number the day after Christmas - no answer , no voicemail . I emailed them my request and received the correct replacement part - however , the part they shipped me is also defective in a completely different way -LRB- the folding leg does not come even close to clicking into place , leaving the entire unit , again , unusable -RRB- . Call me crazy , but I again contacted the manufacturer and requested a third piece from them . Unbelievably , the THIRD attempt at getting a functional piece failed for a third distinct reason - now the drill holes are located on a different face of the tubing and incompatible with the rest of the trampoline parts.The manufacturer has been prompt but clearly is not capable of resolving this issue.I 'm very dissatisfied with this trampoline and will most likely return the whole thing for a totally different one from a different manufacturer .
 We purchased this for our son from Amazon and received a combination of the toddler and child version , which translates to the jump handle is designed for front attachment and the trampoline has side attachment pieces . It was going to be an early Christmas present for my son , imagine how thrilled he was after 1 hr of waiting for daddy to assemble only to find out we were shipped the wrong one . Galt should do better quality control . The trampoline itself seems ok , but the way the bungee cord attaches at the base will likely come undone frequently leading to your child falling on the floor . Would not recommend .
 The print on this diaper is completly adorable ! However , the diaper itself feels cheap and is n't very adjustable . It also does n't feel much like an AIO .
 I bought a couple of these diapers after reading positive reviews on Amazon , and thinking that All-In-One is a better and more convinient option then cloth diapers with inserts . -LRB- We have twins , so dealing with inserts did not appeal to us :--RRB- -RRB- However , after trying it for a few times , I have to report that it does not hold moisture as well as Bum Genius diaper with inserts . This one looks attractive , and it is easy to put it on , but it does not hold moisture beyond 3 hours of wear -LRB- for 8-mth-old boys -RRB- . That means we could not use it overnight , while Bum Genious diaper worked just fine overnight . Also , after just 3 hours , it was soaking wet inside and my boys had a bit of rash from it . It starts to leak on the sides too . There are more absorbent AIO diapers out there and at a lower price . This one is $ 20 , and Bum Genius is $ 16 . I have not tried the other ones , but this one does not seem to compete as well with Bum Genius .
 When I bought these diapers I was new to cloth diapering . I have had these diapers for about 9 months . At first I really loved them . They seemed really absorbent and seemed very soft when we first got them . I had looked at an organic one size AIO but thought these would be better because the fleece was so soft . Also these were a couple dollars more a peice -LRB- though , at pinstripes and polkadots they give you a discount -- the more you buy the more you save -RRB- . It was very important to me to have a one size and an all in one diaper as this seemed the most economical to me.I read the reviews and most people seemed to like these . I did read one review that said these diapers stink , which I did n't understand . I thought as long as you washed them the correct way it would be fine . So , unfortunately , I put all my eggs into one basket and ordered 15 of these diapers . And like I said they were good at first . But then they started to stink , which I thought was fine , I could simply strip them and get rid of the smell . No such luck . Every time I strip them , the shorter the time in between stripping them gets . And it is SUCH a pain to do this.Lately I have been talking to more and more people about why my diapers stink so much . Apparently , the thing that drew me to the diapers the most -- the microfiber -- is the thing that does these in the most . For some reason because this is a synthetic material it holds on to bacteria and the fact that the pads in it are so thick -LRB- and absorbent -RRB- it traps the bacteria between all the layers of fleece and microfiber . They stink and do not wash clean!Also , if you want that softness of the fleece up against your babies bottom , I understand . This helps to wick away the wetness so babies do n't get rashes . I have two points about the fleece -- if you want it for softness , after you wash them a million times -LRB- as you have to with diapers -RRB- the fleece really wo n't be any softer than the organic material in the other diapers . And in fact the organic material gets SOFTER with washes . The other point is that if you want it there to wick away the moisture from baby 's bottom , you can buy liners or even just purchase some fleece at the fabric store and cut it to shape into baby 's diaper.I do n't usually write reviews -- but I rely upon them so much . If you want a one size AIO diaper go for the bG Organic instead . I totally wish I would have bought these before spending over 300 dollars on these diapers . Do n't get stuck with stinky diapers like I am !
 I bought 4 of these diapers thinking the MF would keep my heavy wetter dry at night . Well they do that , but they also leak badly out the legs and the waistband on my 3 mo. old son . I tried adding bulk under the sewn-in insert , but it did n't help . Customer service never responded to my request for suggestions on the leakage . I regret my purchases and will not buy diapers from Mommy 's Touch again . There may be something I could 've done to fix the leaking for all I know , but we will never know because customer service was completely unresponsive .
 This item only seems to want to stick to perfectly square corners . If your corners are beveled , molded , or any deviation from a box corner they will pull away . I got them for the color and high rating , and thought them expensive for a cheap piece of foam . Turns out that I was right about them being expensive for a cheap piece of foam . They are not cast molded . Instead , they are an L-shaped corner bead that is cut , folded and glued to form a corner . As a result , when I taped it down to a beveled furniture corner the glue seams split . Stick to cheaper box store models ; you 'll get the same results for half the price .
 First the positive -- the brown cushions fit our coffee table perfectly , will definitely protect our lil one from injury , also they are aesthetically pleasing.However , the tape is completely horrible and considering you need the cushions to stay on -- this is a significant issue . Both my husband and I messed with the tape for nearly an hour before we were able to get it to stick , and even now , I am fairly certain that my daughter will be able to rip these off .
 I bought this bottle warmer since I was going on a 7 hour trip and did n't want to have to take 15 minutes or more to heat a bottle . The box says it heats a bottle in just minutes ... yeah , more like 15-20 minutes . Plus you have to make sure the button that the bottle sits on is completely pressed down . I had to hold the button down myself or press the bottle down against it because the bottle was n't heavy enough . Otherwise the device does n't turn on or shuts off the second the button is not fully depressed . It 's a pain in the butt to me . My baby does n't eat on a specific schedule so I do n't start heating a bottle until she starts to wake up . It takes 5 minutes just to get the bottle out and situated , then it takes 15 minutes to heat the bottle because the heating band is only against about 2/3rd 's of the bottle . By then my baby is screaming . I would not recommend this item .
 this product is not effective UNLESS the bottom of your bottle is FLAT . otherwise it 's not going to work unless you feel like suppressing a small button for a long period of time to heat your bottle . i 'm still in search of an auto bottle warmer . any bright ideas ????
 Hardly ever use it . Not so great a product because it takes to long to warm the bottle if it is cold , especially if you have to make several stops while driving , it will take forever to warm . Secondly , it is kind of difficult to use when using an advent bottle . It does not not hold the bottle well .
 This product is not worth buying . I purchased it for the long trip from Indiana to California to heat my infants bottle . The outside of the heating strap would heat up really well , but none of that heat was transferred to the bottle . I even had the warmer on for a good 45 minutes , and the water was barely luke-warm . After the first leg of our trip , we ditched the warmer and bought a thermos made by Stanley . We put hot water in it , and it kept it 's temperature for the entire day . The warmer is a waste of money .
 Just like the other review says
 when i used this bottle warmer in the car ... it would keep turning off for some reason and the bottle would never get warm because i had to hold the sleeve against the bottle and keep it upright so the warmer would stay on . . needless to say i only did this a few times . i would n't waste your money
 The worst product that I have bought ! It does not warm the bottle !! I waited al least 30 minutes and the formula still was totally cold
 Oh wow , I do n't understand how this company stays in business I bought one of their older model bottle warmer did n't work at all ! Then I decided to purchase this one , I thought maybe they would have improved the performance but I have the same problem , it does n't work ... do n't waste you 're money , people . The best way to warm up a babies bottle is take a thermostat filled with boiled water and a cup large enough to fit the bottle . When you need to warm up the bottle pour a little bit of hot water into the cup then place the bottle into the cup ... presto !
 This warmer takes an obscene amount of time to heat a bottle . We had a 3 month old on a car trip and it was n't even worth it . I suppose eventually it would heat a full bottle but it barely heated 4oz in 20 minutes . : -LRB-
 I attempted to heat a bottle with this on our last trip , and it stayed on for about10 minutes -LRB- not long enough to heat a 2.5 oz bottle !?! -RRB- then every time I tried to turn it back on/fiddle with it to get it to continue , it kept turning off ... so I never got the milk heated ... how frustrating . I will be returning this item .
 Generally , I feel good ordering Amazon products with 4 star or 5 star user rating . But this product with 4 star rating proved deceiving . It is not true that the bottle warmer heats the bottle quickly . However the product is advertised as if it does which is misleading . I will not recommend it .
 I wish I could send this thing back , but I threw the box away and have kept it too long , trying to get it to work out , but now I 'm done w/it . I ca n't get the bottom bar to stay secure . The gate is good in theory , but I have an active and curious baby , and he 's always trying to go underneath it because the lower bar wo n't stay put . I feel like I wasted the $ 30 I spent on this gate .
 I was very excited when I read about and ordered this product , but it did not live up to my expectations . Maybe it was because our tub is too curved , but I could not secure the bottom bar . -LRB- I was able to secure the top bar though . -RRB- Anyway , it does not fit ALL standard tubs and tub openings 19 - 26 inches , as advertised . Too bad !
 The bars tighten but loosen when the tub gets wet , my 14 month old has been able to pull the thing down and has on one occasion used the top bar to pull herself up causing the thing to collapse sending her face down into the water , could have been very dangerous . If using this , ALWAYS be within arms reach . Disappointing .
 We purchased this bouncer because of its bright colors and overhead mobile . We have been very disappointed . It runs batteries out VERY quickly , and the bouncer itself is really , really big . Also , the side arm toys are a good idea in theory , but my son does nothing but pull them off and throw them on the floor . There should be an attached plaything on the side arms to keep them entertained for longer periods of time . Overall , it needs some improvement in several areas . I would not recommend this bouncer to a friend . Maybe an enemy . ; -RRB-
 This bouncy seat is obviously comfortable for napping , and lays back more than my other one . I give it 2 stars because he sleeps well in it -LRB- hates his crib so far and only in pack n play the first part of the night -RRB- . BUT the mobile seems too high to get his attention . He likes to look forward and see things . The mobile may turn , but there is nothing on it but little plastic pieces that do n't do a THING . This thing does NOT entertain my son at all . I bought the fisher price flutterbye seat for half the price and he LOVES it .
 But thats all . I hate to return this bouncer its so pretty ! I am not happy with the mobile its too far above head for my baby to even know its there . The two side rattles are hard plastic not soft , and when my baby gets excited and kicks her feet , her knees bump the rattle holders and they are not soft either .
 I liked this bouncer because of all the colorful activity and sounds , but after putting it together and adding batteries , the music does n't work , only the vibration and mobile . That is disappointing . Fisher Price is not reliable . With my first child , I had to take 2 aquarium swings back before getting one that all the functions worked on it . Lesson learned , test before completely assembling . It 's a pain to get it all back in the box and have to return it .
 We bought two of these for our twin sons back in Feb 2006 . They love sleeping in them and kicking in them . The babies love the music on the mirror on top . We liked that it allowed them to lay flat instead of bunching up in the other swings . We thought you got a lot for the money . We loved that it had the vibration and the mobile but in less than two months one of the mobiles on the bouncer broke and the other one makes a loud sound . I contacted Fisher Price to see if there was something we could do they were not very helpful they told us to take it back to the store -LRB- we got rid of the boxes -RRB- or to take the base and one wire leg and pay to ship it back and wait six weeks to get a replacement . We were upset that the item did not last longer and that the company is giving us a hard time about returning the item
 My baby thought this was a bit too much stimulation . She was 3 months old when we tried it . First , the two side holders could not fold out without squishing her in . -LRB- And she is small for her age -RRB- The mobile was neat . For some reason , the removable bee made her cry on instant . The seat seemed small and like she would grow out of it quickly . However , the fabric is soft . The speakers were a neat unique feature . Overall , she never grew to like it and we returned it . We ended up purchasing the Leap Frog Learning Seat which is really neat and has age appropriate stimulation .
 I had read a lot of good reviews of this product which is why we bought it . Our baby has used it for 3 or so months now and it does n't hold her interest for very long . When she was younger , 3 months , she did n't like it at all . Now that she is older , 6 months , the hard toys she just chucks on the floor . I wish it had more toys , maybe softer ones since when she was little she kept hitting herself with them and was n't that interested in them . Disappointed since she likes a lot of the other fisher-price products .
 I 'm sure this happens sometimes , but this shower gift was a disappointment . The music never worked , and the vibrations seem to have a short and work infrequently . The bouncer , however , is quality . Unfortunately , the nature of its construction limits its ease of portability . This toy does not collapse .
 I bought two of these for my twin boys . The first issue I have is that I 've had to replace one already and would like to replace a second one but am outside the exchange period for Amazon . The problem inherent in these is that the battery compartment does not hold the batteries tight enough and the connection gets broken , causing the bouncer to stop working . If we squeeze the compartment a couple of times it puts the batteries back where they belong but sometimes we have to unscrew the whole thing and re-seat the batteries.The second thing I do n't like is that this thing eats batteries like nobody 's business . Bouncers tend to go through batteries anyway , but I have another bouncer -LRB- different company -RRB- and it does n't go through them nearly as fast as this one.My third complaint is that it does not vibrate that strongly . Both of my boys prefer the cheapo no-frills bouncer we were given because it vibrates more.My fourth and final complaint is that the music turns off -LRB- and the overhead part stops spinning -RRB- after a few minutes . Our other bouncer keeps the music on for as long as we want and that works a lot better.The one thing about this bouncer that I do like is mirrored part over the baby 's head . One of my sons loves to look at himself in the mirror , although he does get upset when it stops moving.Overall , I am not impressed with this bouncer and wish that I had bought something else .
 My son is 4 mths old and we have an infant to toddler rocker for him . He -LRB- and we -RRB- love this chair for him , but it seems that it got bumped and is a little off balance . So we decided to get him this new bouncer seat . Let me tell you , even though it has all the bells and whistles ... save your money . First things first . . there is a protective sticker on the silver globe and when I carefully peeled it off it still took some of the silver reflection off with it , leaving a large section that was yellow and my son was unable tos ee his reflection . This happened before my son had even sat in it . When I put him in it he had to STRAIN his neck to look above him to see the globe . Secondly , the red covering velcros on to the base and it does n't stay put that well . Also , the way that the toys fold into their legs makes it hard for them to move and kick their legs -LRB- my son loves to kick when he gets excited -RRB- . The toy bases also have little pieces of fabric and small toys attached to it so that they can tug at them ... my son could n't even get his hands to them because of the location . Lastly , this bouncer seat vibrates so loudly -LRB- even on carpet -RRB- that I can hear it in a completely different room . He could never relax to fall asleep to it . Needless to say he is still having fun in his infant to toddler rocker . The vibration is just enough to calm him , the toys are displayed on an arch in front of him and are easy to swat and grab , and the chair can either recline or rock . I love this the infant to toddler rocker . My sons sitter also bought this new red fisher price bouncey seat and all of the babies at her house showed no interest in this chair either , all finding it difficult to move freely and play . We boxed this bouncer up and brought it back .
 The product arrived quickly but , the baggies were not scented and that was a disappointment . The packaging that they are in is a convienant way to have them because its perfect for travel .
 I 've been using this seat since my 8 month old was born and ca n't stand it . He 's small so he 's still got a few pounds to go until we move him to a bigger seat . I ca n't wait ! The handle gets stuck on the sunshade every time you move it up or down . The handle release is akward and very hard to squeeze . The buckle is also very akward to get buckled especially with a squirmy baby -LRB- although I suppose any seat is hard to buckle when they 're squirming -RRB- . You have to fit together two small pieces and get them simultaneously clipped into the buckle . It 's not easy . The only pros ... I do like the triangular handle , it gives you many carrying options , nice fabric , and the built in level . Also it has gotten good safety reviews . In retrospect , we should 've gone with the Graco Snugride . Easier to use , a little cheaper , and got equal or better saftey ratings . If we decide to have another baby , we definitely wo n't be using this seat .
 We used this car seat briefly because we were traveling and our hosts borrowed it from a friend.It posed one difficulty that marks it as near useless . I doubt the waist buckle was designed by anyone who has ever buckled a child into a car seat . They have a design that somebody probably thought was clever but is actually a pain to latch/unlatch . They also did n't align properly so it always seemed as though one side was n't properly latched -LRB- note
 I have 3 kids and I got this car seat for my youngest , cause it was cute . Overall , it is good , nice fabric , easy to clean , and it is pretty light compared to others . The latches on the handle to release it are very difficult to push . If you pull muscles easy , like I do , I do not recommend it . It is seriously very stiff , even my friends pointed that out right away . And also the straps that hold baby in seat are rather short so it does not last the first years , I had to get a new one when my daughter was 6 months old , she would not fit in it with a sweatshirt or jacket on .
 I HATE it . I hate the car seat because its WAY too heavy . And I hate the stroller that goes with it . It is sooo hard to move and steer , the wheels have NO traction . I have had it for 9 months now , and I am ready to toss it and get another one .
 Where to begin ? I guess my sentiments echo the other reviewer 's 1-star ratings . - The handle is difficult to move to any position that it locks into . - The canopy interfers with the handle , and you must adjust it everytime you move the handle . - LATCH does not work on vehicle designed for LATCH * . - Seat belt guides are a pain -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- . I received this seat as a gift , but it will never be used for its intended purpose in my care . I attempted to install it first with the LATCH connectors , but was thwarted by the ` too-long ' connectors . Yes , they did connnect , but the combination of the length of the connector + the position of the belt handle + the belt cutout position = > is too great for the car 's LATCH mount and the seat base fitting . This then leads to the base not being able to be ` tightened any more ' and the base is free to move around side to side and back and forth . Tried installation on two cars - 2007 Subaru Impreza Wagon and 2005 Infiniti G35 . Same problem with both cars , , , the base design would not allow proper attachment as recommended by car seat fitters -LRB- less than 1 '' of movement in any direction -RRB- . Anyway , the other short-comings of this seat put me off completely ; as noted above . This is a poor product with an overall terrible design.Instead of the Flex Loc , I will be using a Recaro Signo for my newborn instead , since purchasing another infant seat is out of the question at this time . If you want to buy a pretty decent infant seat , please consider either the Chicco KeyFit 30 -LSB- What I originally requested -RSB- , or a Graco Snugride -LRB- original or 32 -RRB- .
 We bought this seat rather blindly based on it 's good safety rating on Consumer Reports . Bad idea ... Not that this seat wo n't do what it 's intended to do , mind you . But it is a painful ordeal to install the base in our cars , which do not have the LATCH connectors for the middle-back-seat -LRB- i.e. , the only position that works well for this seat + base -RRB- . The painful problem with the base is two-fold :1 -RRB- The place where you thread the seat belt is VERY narrow and not channel-like . Thus very hard to thread a belt through w/o rasping your knuckles .2 -RRB- The place where you thread the seat belt is VERY close to the crook of the seat , which makes it VERY hard to tighten properly unless your shorter belt-buckle-strap is shorter than our cars -LRB- 2000 and 2001 sedans -RRB- . Besides the major aggravation with installing this seat there are two other issued worth mentioning.It is also very difficult for me -LRB- partly due to my back problems -RRB- to unclasp my child from this seat while kneeling in the backseat . This is due the two things :3 -RRB- The two latches for positioning the handle are VERY tough to dis-engage .4 -RRB- Both the upper and lower buckles are hard to dis-engage one-handed . We also do n't like how heavy the seat is , though the handle-shape clearly helps . Lesson learned
 I recently bought this carseat and when I got it I thought it would be perfect . When I tried to install it was when I found the first problem . Putting the seat in the correct height to have it level proves to be near impossible unless you are very strong . Raising and lowering it by the little button the base is very difficult . After I got that figured out and got it installed by a certified person , I thought I was going to be done with it until I had the baby . I did n't pay any attention to it for a couple of days and when I was putting stuff in the backseat I noticed that one of the LATCH clasps was undone . I could n't figure out why this would have happened but did n't think anything of it and just hooked it back on . By the time I had driven home , less than 10 minutes , it was unclipped again . No one seemed to be able to tell me why this was happening , I 'm just glad that my baby is n't here yet ! I 'm returning this one and I do n't think I 'll ever look at a Baby Trend again !
 Normally I do n't leave reviews of amazon purchases , but I was so disappointed with this item I thought I should . I ordered the blue dot percale bumper , and I was disappointed with the quality , feel and appearance of the fabric . The fabric was rough to the touch and the `` dots '' looked like they were printed on the fabric instead of part of the fabric . It was so rough that I would never use it in a baby 's crib , and I think the fabric would be uncomfortable even for an adult . I also ordered the American Baby Company crib jersey sheet and chenille changing pad cover , and both of those were great . I think this particular fabric is just not right for a baby or any item of baby bedding .
 Cheap , not soft or durable . Looks like it 's going to fall apart . One set of string ties long the top of the bumper so you can not even secure it to the crib . Save your money
 Even though this bedding is adorable for a nursery it falls apart when washed . I used manufactures directions and it shredded and came apart at the seams . Baby bedding , while being soft and comfortable , should also be durable enough to wash on a regular basis .
 This was the only set at Babies R Us that I remotely liked . I read all of the wonderful reviews about the set on this website , and I 'm sorry to say that the other parents must have written their reviews before attempting to wash the set . I washed the bumper as instructed - cold water , delicate cycle and it fell apart . For the amount of money that this set costs , I could n't believe that it fell apart when washed once . I do n't think it will be very practical to have something in the crib that ca n't be washed without ripping apart . Very disappointing .
 I ordered this bedding set for my son , I hate it . It is very cute , but when I washed it , it got faded and fell apart . This set is not worth your money ...
 I would not recommend buying a crib set . We have this one and it is cute , but I found out after it was purchased that using bumpers is not recommended due to the possibility of suffocation and SIDS . The valences hang down really low , so we were unable to use them with our blinds . Babies are also not supposed to sleep with a blanket on top of them , so we have yet to use the comforter . We did get the rug , found the set of pictures that match , and use the crib skirt . They are cute in his room . We did like that this set would work for a boy or a girl too .
 The stitching is coming undone everywhere . I returned the blanket to the manufacturer and got a replacement blanket -LRB- which took forever -RRB- and it is coming undone too . And everything shrank when I washed them . Everything wrinkles really easily too . Over priced and poor quality if you ask me .
 It shrank horribly . It also wrinkles very easily . Over priced and poor quality if you ask me .
 This sheet is more `` fitted '' than the one that came with the Malawi six piece set , so it has ripped along 2 corners . I am very disappointed because this sheet was more expensive than most . My advice would be to buy a matching solid sheet and save the money .
 This is a great hamper ... UNLESS you ever need to wash it ! I loved the look of it , and the mesh liner is a wonderful design . But after washing it for the first time following the manufacturer 's instructions -LRB- I used cold wash , gentle cycle , and machine dry low -RRB- , it SHRUNK and is now totally useless ! If you get this hamper , plan on throwing it away once it gets dirty ! What a waste of money !
 I registered for this KidsLine hamper to match the KidsLine bedding I got . The hamper looks great but is not very functional . Not only was it a little wobbly/uneven , but once I removed the fabric cover and washed it , it had to be thrown away , as the fabric shrunk and would not fit over the wooden frame . It 's fine if you never want to wash it .
 This was a nice hamper for the short time we had it before needing washed . The box and the tag on the fabric said it was machine washable & to tumble dry on low . I had read the other comments before purchasing the hamper that said not to dry it or it will shrink . So , I washed it in the washing machine & hung it up to dry . It STILL shrunk . So much so that it was useless afterwards . I would not recommend this hamper for a child 's room , it is too difficult to keep clean and you can not wash it .
 When I registered I thought this was the cutest hamper . I was told to wash everything . So I washed the hamper and dried as the instructions said . When I went to put it on the frame it no longer fit . Yes thats correct it completly shrunk . I am due in 3 weeks and now I need to find a new one . Extremely annoying . If you do n't wash it , it would be great but if you do you are out of a hamper !!
 I did not read the reviews before I washed and it totally shrank . I am going to try and contact the compnay to see what they will do for me.Before this , I was very happy with it .
 This hamper looks very nice and pretty . It is the worst thing ever . It looks great until you wash it . It shrinks up to half of the size and it looks terrible . It does not wash well and I ended up having to get a new one . It is not sturdy and is mainly for show only . Heavy users will not be satisfied .
 We used this hamper for nearly nine months for my daughter and it has been great . The mesh bag does make it very easy to move the dirty laundry to the washer . After about nine months we decided it was time to toss the denim portion into the wash . Following the instructions I was excited to have a revitalized hamper . Sadly , when I tried to fit it back onto the frame it had shrunk considerably . I will probably be able to rig it by sewing on some added Velcro , but would strongly recommend that you hand-wash and line dry , do n't even let the dryer look at the wet item ! :-RRB- Since I was really impressed with the idea of a washable hamper at the time of purchase we will not be buying one for Baby # 2 when the time comes .
 We purchased this hamper for our son 's nursery and I recently washed it for the first time . What a mistake !! I washed the chambray material as the directions said to , and not only did it rip in places , it shrunk beyond belief . It is completely useless now and I 'll have to purchase another hamper . Do n't waste your money on this one , it is not worth $ 20 . It looks nice , but you absolutely can not wash it .
 I just went out to Babies R Us and bought two packs of these and boy do I regret it . I only wanted to use them as burp cloths , and was n't even planning to use them for diapering , but I do n't even think they 're suitable for burp cloths . I should have opened one of the packages in the store because then I would have realized that they 're paper thin and you can see right through them . You might as well let the baby spit up on your shirt . Not to mention the fact that the material is so scratchy I would never put my baby 's face against it . I 'm off to return these and find something that 's better quality .
 This diaper becomes fully saturated very quickly . I bought one pack of them and a couple dozen of the more expensive chinese prefold diapers . I used them with the Bummis Super Whisper Wrap cover , which are great . These diapers were retired after my daughter fully saturated the diaper during a nap when she was one month old . I have never had that problem with the chinese prefold diaper and think they are absolutely worth the extra money . The gerber diapers are only good for burp cloths .
 These diapers are terrible ! Most of my cloth diapers were hand me downs - they are thick and soft . These Gerber ones are NOT ! I bought these at Wal-Mart and when my 9 month old wears them , he has to be changed every 30 minutes . If I do n't change him quickly , the diaper can become so soggy that it will literally drip . It 's not worth it . Spend your money on thicker diapers .
 I expected the blanket to be a lot softer then it is . My new born still sleeps on it so I gave it at least 2 stars . I washed it and combed it out and by the time I was done the blanket looked like it was many years old not to mention it took over an hour to comb . Not worth the price . My sister has same type of blanket and it is much softer . I will try a different brand next time .
 This thing made me and my baby break out in a rash , twice ! We double checked but it happened every time we used this product .
 I never used this on my baby . After receiving the product I read the label and noticed it contains parabens . This ingredient has been linked to being a carcinogen . Although I 'm not certain it is known to be it is still questionable and that 's enough for me not to slather it on my baby .
 I bought this cushion to provide some `` cushion '' for my daughters wooden highchair and while I was expecting to receive it in a box , it comes in an envelope . It does fit my Jenny Lind style highchair and it is very pretty . However , they should advertise it as a very cute piece of fabric ! I wrote the company and they basically told me that mine was not defective and that this is how it comes . If only they would at least throw a couple of cotton balls in there for a $ 70 cushion !! I gave it one star for cuteness . In the picture it looks like it has some cushion in it , but buyer beware that it does NOT !!!
 A car seat is for protecting your child who is NOT BIG ENOUGH to sit in a regular seat -LRB- 57 '' tall and 80 lbs . -RRB- . This seat does not provide ANY protection at all for a child in a car ! If your child was in this `` SEAT '' and you were in an automobile accident they would NOT BE PROTECTED from INJURY OR DEATH ! I guess if you are willing to risk your child 's life for a little ` convenience ' this would be a good purchase . i hope people will think twice before purchasing this .
 How can someone even consider putting the life of there precious child in this seat . It takes one second and there is nothing to protect your baby ! If you talk about the convenience carrying a life saving car seat for your baby than do n't travel !
 This is a terrible purchase . It is really flimsy and my poor child kept sliding around in it . Do n't waste your money !
 offers no support for sleeping kids ... does n't fit kids past age 3 in most cases -LRB- low top slots , can not be used once shoulders go over the top slots -RRB- ... and kids under 2yo are MUCH safer rearfacing ... Basically it MIGHT fit a 3yo & work fine for a short trip w / grandma . It is also a real pain to install.The Ride Safer Travel Vest is a much more secure option that fits older kids & is very compact . Comparable to a 5pt harness too!For babies a Cosco Scenera is a much better option for a second or spare seat . . atleast it fits kids from birth to about age 3 all for about 40 bucks.The EB Portable is just a waste .
 Has anyone bought the car seat for $ 359.89 ??? I hope not!This car seat is not that great . The seat belt slides off/out .
 I had this saved in my shopping cart at $ 59 . Then when I went to purchase it , it had been jacked to $ 129 . I 'm not sure why , but it 's definitely NOT worth anything over $ 100 . I might as well throw in some extra money and get the portable Safeguard go hybrid booster for $ 199 , or just lug my big ole ' car seat on the plane at no cost . It 's a safer and cheaper option .
 I bought this car seat elsewhere ... excatly the same , Eddie Bauer brand name , for 1/4 of the cost its advertised for here ! DO NOT spend this much money , but rather use your search engines to find it elsewhere . It is a nice seat , and we use it for our community golf cart .
 I bought this car seat in anticipation of traveling with my toddler . VERY SCARY is all I can say . It was great to use on the plane , but I would not use it again in the car . It does not support the child , my child is 12 months and he was fall over when he fell asleep . I may be better suited for an older toddler . My husband had to sit in the back seat to make sure our son did not lean too much to the side . My thoughts , Take a real car seat , and get a travel bag to carry it in . I will not be using this product in the car anymore only on the plane .
 This car seat is NOT safe enough for your precious . I used it once and will not use it again . The car seat moves easily and is not secure enough . If you are thinking of buying a car seat because of safety reasons , you should not buy this one . Why would anyone risk his/her child 's safety because of convenience reasons ?
 Bought it because I have 3 kids and a small car -LRB- Honda Civic -RRB- . Car Seat is the desireable size I needed but it does n't hold well in the seat . The back has no support at all and if your kid moves a lot he/she will mvoe it off it 's place . Only recommemd for emergency use only . I ended up buying an Expedition after 2 weeks of use .
 The Eddie Bauer portable travel seat -LRB- made by Dorel Corp. -RRB- is a very poorly executed good idea . We purchased it because we were going on a trip on which we rented a car and we did not want to lug our convertible seat all the way across the country -LRB- we were flying -RRB- and we did not want to pay the car rental company $ 10 a day for 8 days to rent a car seat it would cost us $ 40 to buy . I thought the portable seat was the ideal solution . Light , slim , `` easy '' -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . The main problem we have experienced with the product is the inability to secure the seat such that -LRB- 1 -RRB- it moves less than 1 inch in any direction -LRB- as the directions state as the goal and as other child car seat instructions direct -RRB- , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- our child ca n't cause the entire seat to slip down when we 're putting him in the seat and he does n't want to be there -LRB- parents
 I bought this for my 15 month old daughter who spent the week of our vacation sooooo uncomfortable and her mother spent the week being nervous about her saftey . Despite reading the directions several times and many readjustments I was never happy with its placement , it moved way more than I was comfortable with . The idea is great and it fit nicely in the front of my suitcase but I will never use it again and would never recommend it to anyone .
 I tried this seat and ultimately returned it . Difficult to install properly and not comfortable for my child . I bought a safeguard go seat and it is awesome and very secure . It 's pricey but worth it if you need a seat that can travel fairly easilty .
 I was planning for a family vacation for my family and loved the convienance of these car seats that they could be packed in a regular suitcase so I ordered 3 for my 22 month old triplets . I wanted to use them for vacation and as a second set of car seats for my husbands truck . After using them on vacation , I returned them . I ended up having to sit in the back of the Suburban and was constantly readjusting seats and children as we drove . True they were convenient for travel , but not safe . I would much rather have my children safe .
 This carseat looks like it would be so convenient and easy to use . If you have a seat belt with a shoulder strap , it is impossible to install this safely . We asked a car seat installer to put this in , when we went on a road trip , and he told us to return it immediately . He said there is no way to ensure that our child would be safe in it . This seats seems so convenient but if it does n't keep your child safe , is n't it better to use the awkward big one ?
 I got this carseat to use on our vacation . We went on a cruise and I knew we would be in shuttles and taxis a lot so I wanted something easy to carry around and safe for my child . However it was not easy to install at all , so we never used it . It had so many variations on how to install it with different types of seatbelts that it would have taken forever while we were sitting in the taxi to read the instructions for each one and figure out how to install it correctly . Plus you had to remove the fabric on the front to intall the seatbelt and uninstall it each time .
 I have purchased both the bowls and plates and both have been disappointing . The suction does not last and is no better than any other plastic -LRB- cheaper -RRB- product .
 It does not stick to high chair tray , my grandson could pull it off and all the food went on the floor .
 This bowl is great for travel but I wish it would suction to the high chair tray .
 I bought this suctioned bowl and one other -LRB- the Sassy Baby Less Mess toddler bowl -RRB- hoping that one of them would actually stick . The Sassy Baby sticks slightly better than this one , BUT neither one of them really suctions that well on our high chair tray or wooden table . Suction seems to be better on our glass coffee table , but of course that 's NOT where we need it ! Note that the suction ring on the Munchin does not come off for washing so I assume the suction will just get worse due to drying out , but doubt I 'll be using it very long since my daughter just throws it .
 We love the lid and the depth of the bowl , but the suction does not work very well . It took only seconds for my son to pull it off of the table and it does not suction to the highchair try at all .
 It stays put for maybe ten or fifteen seconds , then the suction loosens and it moves . Nice as a regular old bowl , find something else if your kids has a moving habit -LRB- mine pried it off in under 2 seconds -RRB- .
 Fine if you just looking for another plastic bowl . The suction does n't work at all . The bowl gets picked up and thrown .
 I remember having this type of dish for my daughter , so we purchased this to use for our grandson . The idea is just wonderful , but this did not stick on any surface we tried to use . It slid easily over his high chair tray too . It works well as a regular feeding dish or storage in the refrigerator , but not for a curious toddler who wants to pick it up and play with it .
 It 's an okay product for traveling or storing food because of the lid , but it has to sit flat because the divider in the bowl does n't come up high enough to keep contents separate -LRB- so I ca n't use it in my sons lunch box -RRB- . As for the suction cup part that is supposed to keep it from sliding around , it works great on my kitchen counter but not on the plastic high chair or the wood dinning table .
 i love the idea for this product , since i have a 1 year old who loves to throw her plate . the suction cup on this , however , did not work :-LRB- also , the separation between the two parts of the tray is very shallow , so my hope to be able to pack meals to go is not going to work -LRB- one good shake , and the two sides will be completely mixed with each other -RRB- . too bad !
 Did not stay put ! My nine month old pulled it right off the high chair tray . This is why I rate this as one star .
 Suction ring on the base is not good and our 15 mo old is able to pick and throw the bowl .
 We bought this for our toddler and instantly found out the bowl does not stick well to the high chair or the table . We decided to put it aside for when our child was older for a lunch . First week of pre-school we put some plain pasta with grated cheese in the bowl using the cover to secure it . When we unpacked the lunchbox after picking up from school that day , what a mess ! Pretty bummed we ca n't find anything that works that well . Love the concept though .
 Do n't waste your money ! The suction on these bowls does not keep them in place on the high chair tray , on a wood table , or on a formica countertop AT ALL ! I 'm not sure what type of surface they might stay put on .
 I have ordered from Amazon.com probably a hundred times and this is my first review , because this is the first time I 've received something that was just awful . I received the package right at lunch time , so opened it immediately and washed for use . I suctioned it to my 13 month old daughters high-chair tray and put her lunch inside of it . I walked back to the kitchen to grab her sippy cup . When I came back , she had the dish in her hand upside down with her lunch spilled out on her chair and all over the floor . I salvaged what I could and tried suctioning again - thinking it was my fault at first . The suction felt really strong . I sat and watched her and within a few moments she had it off again . I tried wetting the bottom of the suction ring -LRB- thinking of some of her bath toys with suction -RRB- . Again , the suction felt strong . I kept her from grabbing at it . I checked the seal after about a minute and there was zero suction - it was releasing the seal on its own . I will be returning this item immediately for a refund .
 The suction cup on this bowl does n't work on the SVAN high chair plastic tray . My son threw the bowl and the Cheerios in it all over the floor the first time he used it .
 The first thing DD did was to toss this off her tray . The suction bowl did n't stick to the tray . It could be because her tray is wooden , and it may work better with plastic trays.On the plus side , it comes with a lid which is handy .
 Another reviewer with a very poor experience of these bowls ' suction cups -- they simply do not stick . The plastic high chair tray is perfectly smooth , and I 've tried wetting both it AND the suction cup on the bowls , in addition to each individually , to no avail . Every single time , it pops right off after a minute or so ; it seems perfectly firm and tight just long enough to fool you into looking the other way for a moment , and then it loosens in time for the baby to pick it up and turn lunchtime into modern art time .
 I bought this and my husband put it together , after putting it together , the second drawer would n't close all the way . It was almost like it was made and built without measuring it correctly . It would stop and leave the drawer open about an inch . I had even called someone to come to fix it and see if there was something that we could do to fix that and there was n't anything he could do , he said it was the way it was made . He put cardboard on the side of the rails that the drawer slides on to give us a quick fix but that only helped for a few days . I 'm very disappointed that I spend almost 300 dollars on a dresser when I could have bought a cheap one from Walmart that would have worked better than this one . Buy at your own risk !
 I ordered this dresser from Amazon and it arrived damaged . Huge chunks were taken out of the top of the dresser . It appears that wherever Amazon had this item shipped from did not properly store or transport it . Accidents happen , so I returned the item and exchanged it for a new one , again with Amazon . This time the dresser was WORSE . The top piece was completely SPLIT IN HALF ! Again , I returned the item . I ordered the dresser from Babies R Us and it came beautifully packaged and did not have any damage . I was very disappointed in Amazon . To have this happen twice is unacceptable . I will not order from Amazon again because it is clear they deal with vendors that are not up to par .
 We have the DaVinci Kalani crib and changing table and both are great and so we decided to get the dresser , it was very difficult to put together and the drawers did not line up properly and were too small for the sliding mechanics on the side to fit in . I wish I could have returned it but it was already half put together by the time we realized it was crap and we could n't take it back apart without completely ripping it up ...
 My parents bought this furniture set for my son thinking it would last . It 's not going to make it to his 2nd birthday . We have to look into buy all new furniture for my baby 's room now that he 's 18 months . That 's about how long this will last . Draw fronts are falling off when you open the drawers . The drawer bottoms slide out and his clothes get stuck or fall through and the drawer ca n't open . These problems have come from just light clothes in the drawer and gentle use . It also scratches easily and look like it 's 20 years old , not a year and a half . Save yourself some money and spend the extra money initially to buy something made of real wood and that is built for you.Hope that helps some future parents from being annoyed with wasting money on this furniture .
 I purchased this dresser when I was pregnant with my first child , in 2009 . I 'm not sure how assembly was , because my husband put it together . But I was quite happy with the dresser . It held all my precious little baby clothes and looked cute.The first problem was that just because it was the same brand -LRB- DaVinci -RRB- and the same color -LRB- Honey Oak -RRB- , it did not match the crib we purchased , which was disappointing.After about 1 year of use , the front panel of one of the drawers kept popping off . We were able to push it back on , but everytime we used that drawer , it would pop off . So I just put it as the bottom drawer , since we seldom used that one.Now , after 3 years of use , the dresser is completely falling apart ! 3 of the 4 drawer fronts come off regularly . And now the bottom of the drawers -LRB- cheap , thin material -RRB- have been popping out and now one of them is warped beyond fixing . When I removed the broken drawer to see if I could fix it , other pieces started coming off , like the trim work.I am now in search of a new dresser for my 3 year old . I wish this one had lasted longer , I know it was n't super expensive , but it is still a significant amount of money .
 This is the biggest piece of crap furniture I have ever purchased . Do n't waste your money . Spend a little extra and get something that will last . The drawers do n't fit right and change positions every time you open them . I hate this dresser !!
 First off , yes this product is priced low so one should n't expect great things . But this product is borderline worthless . Very , very soft woods -LRB- even on the top surface ! -RRB- , flimsy construction -LRB- wood was splitting left and right when I was assembling the unit -RRB- , and it takes a few hours to assemble . My advice would be to spend the money on a dresser from IKEA . You 'll get better quality at about the same , or even lower , price .
 I purchased this from a wish list . The recipient was not happy to find that every single piece had to be put together . Nothing was preassembled and the instuctions were very poor . Some parts had to be taken apart to complete later steps . This should be listed as a kit for a dresser . IKEA products come ready to use compared to this . When finished , they liked the look of the dresser but would not buy again . Expected better for the amount paid .
 This looked so nice in the picture but ended up being horrible . There were scratches all over it . There were MANY pieces to put together . The fake wood kept cracking when my husband tried to put it together . We gave up and decided to send it back .
 This item is nice looking but poorly built . I was shocked at the poor quality as I expected more for the price . It says `` some assembly required '' but comes flat packed -LRB- like Ikea furniture but most Ikea furniture is better made -RRB- and has to be COMPLETELY assembled . I have assembled a lot of furniture in my life and this is by far the most poorly made . If I had not been charged so much for shipping I would have returned the dressers right away . I have only had them for a week and already two of the drawers have come apart and I have had to re-assemble . Think twice on this piece - I think you can find MUCH better for equal or less money .
 We ordered this product twice to match the crib and changing table . My husband put the whole thing together twice and twice the drawers did n't work . The instructions are not helpful and the assembly is quite time consuming . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I am not really happy with this dresser at all . When it shows up , it is really in like a billion pieces . I love putting together furniture so it isnt a big deal but this dresser is basically broken down to everything . When you finish putting together the dresser the first time , you are not going to be happy b/c the drawers are not going to fit and are going to be not leveled at all . No matter what . Then you are going to go back a few steps and unassemble and find out the entire time that the supports makes the entire dresser uneven making the drawers uneven.So you are going to have to take all the supports off and find out that you will have to just use the backboard instead to support the dresser evenly . so the whole thing is ... DO NOT USE THE SUPPORTS AT ALL . They make the dresser uneven , which in turns makes the drawers not level . Also the drawers are poorly made as well . very bad quality . they can come apart at any time , no matter how tight the ` screws ' are . I am not happy with the dresser . I finally have everything together but if i was to recommend this to a friend , i would definitely NOT recommend it .
 When I read reviews I realize that some people 's expectations are way too high . I should have listened to those people when I bought this DaVinci Kalani 4-Drawer Dresser in Ebony . The packing was fine and the box looked solid when it arrived . On opening the box and preparing for assembly , the first item to be removed were the drawer bottoms . They were a very thin pressboard with a false wood finish on the top side . Okay , they will be stronger when fully assembled . Next were the drawer sides and backs . They were made from a wood that was so light , it was almost like balsa wood only a little stronger . Okay , they will be stronger when fully assembled . The drawer faces , dresser top and various stiles and rails came next along with the hardware . I then moved the thin foam padding to find the dresser face frame , fully assembled with gaps in the joints , and I 'm not sure if it was even glued . Looking at the left hand side of the face frame , where the wood was so thin because assembly holes had been drilled through it , all the rails were broken at the weakened area . I was so disgusted at this point that I decided to pack it up and send it back . I 'm sure that once it is fully assembled it is solid but the material used in construction is cheap . This dresser might have lasted four or five years , but for the price , go out and buy a quality piece of furniture that will be passed on to other generations . It will cost half again the price , maybe double , but you will be happy with it and so will the person who receives it .
 These SUCK . Do not buy these . The Lansinoh bags are so much better . My main complaint is the ziplock part which is so unreliable . You have to really , REALLY concentrate to zip it correctly and even then sometimes it fails . It is ridiculous .
 This item arrive damaged due to insufficient packaging . As a result , one of the plastic connectors was smashed , thus making the bags unusable . I contaced RYMATT Wellness and received a $ 2 refund on a $ 16 order . Rather disappointing since you ca n't use the bags without the connectors . If I returned them , I would 've had to pay for return shipping , which was as much as the product . As a result , I would not recommend ordering anything from RYMATT Wellness that needs strong packaging or contains anything that could be broken/crushed during shipping .
 The zipper is difficult to seal and I 'm never really sure if it is closed . Pouring from the bag is difficult . Several of the bags had a hole next to the zipper which made pouring even more difficult . I wo n't be purchasing these bags again .
 In short , try Lansinoh , Honeysuckle , or any other double locking bag . Sensible Lines Milk Trays and ice cube trays also work well and have very nice one ounce portions.Avoid these Medela bags if possible until they change the design.Over half a year ago , I bought these bags to go along with my Medela Pump In Style Advanced machine . You 're supposed to be able to pump directly into the bag using the adapter that comes with the bags . That 's a joke , mostly because it 's likely you 'll spill milk by leaning over while pumping at least once . In addition , it is difficult to see exactly how much you have pumped because the bags are n't a solid bottle-like form.Within the first month of pumping , I also bought Lansinoh bags and requested a free sample of Honeysuckle Breast Milk Storage Bags . Lansinoh bags are longer than Medela 's and have a DOUBLE ZIPPER SEAL . They are great and the Honeysuckle bags look just as good.Tonight I pumped extra and wanted to use up some of my Medela bags , putting just 70 ml in each . Just as I was putting them in the freezer I noticed one bag was not fully closed and it leaked everywhere . True , it 's my fault for not realizing the bag was n't fully zipped shut , but because these bags are shorter , milk sometimes gets between the zipper and you might not realize the bag is not fully closed.A double zipper would give you a better fighting chance of securing your milk , and a longer bag would also help make sure that milk does n't get `` caught '' between the zipper . I was going to write a review of these months ago , but I decided to simply shelf the box and move on . Tonight 's fiasco made me remember why I put these away and used Lansinoh 's bags instead.I do n't remember anyone pointing out that the other brands were better because of the longer length , so I 'm posting this myself now . You could also store more per bag with the other brands , but you might rather the flexibility of defrosting smaller amounts later on . Again , a tray that allows you to store 1 ounce portions is nice as well , though consider the size of your bottle and make sure the frozen bar/cube can fit in it , or devise a different way of defrosting the milk . Have fun!Back to the drawing board with these , Medela !
 I used this product when I forgot the bottles I normally pump into at home . I purchased this item because the bags did n't have to be sterilized and it had an adapter for my pump.ConsHuge potential to spill everything or even a little since the bags do n't go tightly around the adapter . You have to be very careful with them while you are pumping and when you are taking them off the adapter.I do n't like the plastic they are made out of , it does n't feel like they will freeze and thaw correctly . So I would end up pouring the milk into another type of milk storage bag when I go home.They do n't hold enough . It looks like they could hold a little more then 5 ounces but when you try to seal the bag you realize it wants to overflow at barely 5 ounces.The zipper is really hard to seal.ProsDon ' t need to be sterilized so they are easier for situations like not having any or enough bottles.Work well if you do n't want to freeze them and if you do n't produce more then 3 to 4 ounces of milk when you pump.I will only use them in a pinch but other then that they do n't work for my situation .
 I hate these bags ! They do n't seal right which defeats the purpose of the bag & are horribly hard to pour the milk out of . . hello ease is everything with motherhood . Yes . . I can pump directly into the bag , but that plus does n't matter much when I spill an ounce trying to get the milk into a bottle . . No thank you on these !
 I picked a box of these up at the brick and mortar store last night thinking it would simplify my middle of the night pumping sessions . They fit great on my pump attachment -LRB- I use the Medela Classic but it would also work for the lactina , the symphony , and other hospital grade pumps -RRB- and it did n't affect suction or effectiveness at all . The quality of the bag seemed a bit thin and cheap , but I do n't think the milk will be harmed by it ; just seems a bit more fragile than I 'd expect for the price.I was disappointed in how much milk was wasted in spills do to the bag getting kinked or bumped during the pumping session . For a casual pumper it would probably be fine , but with twins in the NICU , I 'm all about saving every last drop of the gold stuff and wearing half of it was not part of the plan . I 'll use the package up the old fashioned way -LRB- pump into a bottle and then dump in the bag -RRB- because they still function as intended -LRB- preserving milk in the freezer -RRB- but I wo n't be buying these again .
 I had gotten these bags to use with a rented Medela Lactina while my preemie was in the hospital . If you are pumping for a NICU baby , nurses do not like to handle the bags to transfer the milk into the volu-feeders/small hospital bottles -LRB- if you 're lucky enough even to be in a breastfeeding-friendly hospital -RRB- . Nurses are still handling a bodily fluid and it 's extra steps for them if you 're not the one handling all of the feedings . Also , the bags do not stand up on their own , which is frustrating if you 're truly pumping straight into the bag . Like other reviewers , I found that the top tab tore poorly also . They are good for fast backup if you have no other sterile reusable milk storage container , but I ended up using theMedela Breastmilk Freezing & Storage -LRB- * BPA Free -RRB- 12 Pack of 80ml Bottles in Retail Packaging # 87061long-term and was very happy with them .
 I 've used Medela Pump & Save bags since our 4-month old was born and I can not WAIT to run out of them . They do n't hold very much at all . It 's labeled to hold 5 + ounces , but in reality , they barely hold 4 . They 're made of a thin plastic and I worry about ink contamination . They also do n't lay flat easily for freezer storage .
 I initially went with this product as it was the same brand as the pump that I have at home and at work . The Medela bags only hold 5 ounces and trying to close them when they 're full can be tricky . Also , just yesterday I was informed by my baby 's daycare provider that now a third bag of milk that I had provided frozen had leaked when it was thawed . I was shown the bag and it has a crack in the bag about 3/4 of an inch long . That was n't there when I filled the bag or put it in the freezer.I have recently switched over to the Lansinoh . They hold 6 ounces measured , but there is plenty of room for more without overflows when sealing the bag . The double ziplock is a nice feature . Also , the material that the bag is made from is softer and less brittle which I believe may have been the issue with the Medela bags .
 These bags are very convenient when used with the pump in style however the seals are not good . I did take the time to make sure -LRB- I thought -RRB- the bags were sealed . The first 3 bags I used all leaked . Very disappointing as I do not get very much milk when I pump and it was frustrating to lose all 3 bags . Judging by the other reviews , leaking is n't uncommon . Stick with the lanisoh bags . Much better .
 I am really frustrated with this product . Let me specify my complaints :1 . Like other posters , I was drawn to the ease of pumping directly into a storage bag . However , I have now had my third bag leak - goodbye 4 ounces of milk and the lunch break I spent pumping it ! I simply ca n't understand how these bags seal so badly . I am careful , and not an idiot , but nevertheless , they leak . Could n't they at least put in a second seal , like the Lansinoh bags , as a backup ? 2 . The top part of the bag -LRB- the perforated area -RRB- tears too easily - there have been several occasions where the bag ripped as I was taking it off the pump flange and again , some milk spilled .3 . These bags incorrectly measure the amount of milk - by quite a bit . If the bag reads 4 ounces , you should n't count on more than 3.4 . These are no easier to assemble onto the pump than a bottle .5 . As others have noted , the bags do not hold as much milk as other brands .6 . Finally , these bags cost twice as much as competitors ' products!These bags irritate me so much that I have , for the first time ever , bothered to write a product review . Potential buyers beware !
 These bags leak pretty often from the zipper closure and only hold 5 oz . Lansinoh 's bags are a lot better , have a double zipper and are a more flexible plastic . These are a pain . do n't buy them .
 These bags are nice in concept but fail in reality . Yes , you can pump into them , but the top will basically be open so unless you 're really careful , they are easy to spill . I now just pump into bottles and pour the bottles into the bags.The zip-top seal is very hard to close tight , you 'll think it 's sealed but it 's not , or else it pops open after you close it . I 've had multiple spills and leaks because of this.If you fill the bag to the 5oz line at the top , when you freeze it the contents will expand and open the top.Also , the measurement lines on the bag are not accurate at all unless you fill the bag - in which case you do n't need them . The first several times I pumped , I thought I was getting a lot more than I was ... imagine my frustration when I poured the bags into a bottle and discovered I only had about 2/3 of what I thought I did.I 'm going to try the Lansinoh ones next ... these are not worth the price .
 Fits the pump conveniently , but I have lost so much precious breast milk due to leaky bags . It seems when they are frozen and then defrosted , the bottom of the bag comes unglued . Also , the ziplock does not seal very well . I will never buy this product again .
 I love the idea of being able to pump directly into a bag -- eliminate the middle-man and avoid washing extra bottles ! Unfortunately , this bag just is too problematic to work . You might think that these bags are specially designed to work with Medela pumps . Not true . There 's just a piece of tape at the top of the bag to hang it off the pump . And the tape does n't even work well for all Medela pumps ! I use the In-Style pump , and these bags fit OK , but it 's still pretty precarious trying to pump into them , because of all the problems below.As a number of other people have mentioned , the ziploc seal is * very * finicky and easy to not seal correctly . I 've had the seals fail so many times that I now check and double-check them multiple times and I 've * still * had them fail ! Somehow the zipper mechanism seems to get off track , so you can zip from each of the two sides and have a gap in the middle that you can only close by opening the whole thing and starting over . And it 's not obvious when it 's not zipped correctly . It 's also hard to open , requiring both hands and a lot of force , which can cause spillage if it 's a full bag.A second problem is the fact that the bags are wide open at the top while you 're pumping . So you have to be careful to avoid spilling if you pump a full bag , or if you 're not sitting straight up , or if you lean to reach something , or if the milk is caught near the top of the bag -LRB- see next complaint -RRB- . Third problem
 These bags were a total waste of money ! Medela is known for quality products so I thought by paying a little more for these bags would be more beneficial . NOT . I have defrosted several of my stored breastmilk in these bags and 5 out of 10 have leaked ! Some leaked from the bottom and some from where it was zip-loc 'd closed . I also purchased some Lansinoh storage bags and NONE of these have leaked . I do not recommend these bags . Save your money and your breastmilk !
 Please do n't throw your dollars on this junk . Bought this at local Target store thinking would save time washing bottles but not effective as a bottle .
 I tried these bags thinking it would save time because I could just pump straight into the bag and then refrigerate/freeze . I would n't have to transfer from the bottle to the bag and wash the bottles each time I pumped . These bags are horrible .1 . The bag is n't sealed during pumping . So if you actually pump close to 5oz -LRB- which is what the bag holds -RRB- and you move a little to quickly or bend just a little , milk spills out .2 . The bags do n't close easily . There 's no indicator to ensure that the bag has closed properly - so again , there 's a risk of spillage .3 . The bags do n't lay completely flat the way Mother 's Own Milk bags or the Lansinoh style bags do . I like to lay the bags flat when freezing so that I can stack the bags in a ziploc to keep them organized by date . These bags freeze in a bulky shape so they ca n't be stacked neatly .4 . The way the bags are designed - it 's hard to pour the milk out of the bags into a bottle without spilling.I recommend staying away from these bags .
 I hate these bags . If you have to pump , breast milk becomes so precious and wasting a drop is painful . The idea is great - especially for using at work . But they do not seal well . Every time I have used them they have leaked - they just dont close well . I love the Lansinoh bags , i wish i could pump directly into them .
 I have the Medela Pump in Style , and with my first son , I used the Medela storage bags with the twist ties . These were perfect ! No storage problems , no leak problems . With my second son , I could n't find the twist tie storage bags anywhere -LRB- stopped making them ? -RRB- and instead found these bags . I have had nothing but problems ! The tape does not hold very well , it is hard to tell if the ziploc is closed all the way -LRB- so I end up checking it at least five times before storing it , and another two times before warming it up -RRB- , and I ca n't tell you how many times I have had these bags leak ! With the old bags , if we accidentally dropped one on our hardwood floor , no problem . These bags explode like a cheap water balloon ! And if they are frozen and you drop them , you can also create a leak which you wo n't even know about until you thaw the bag out . I wrote to Medela expressing my displeasure with their product , and the response I received was to call customer service with my problem . Thanks , but no thanks . I 'm glad I 'm almost done nursing .
 As many others have stated these are great in theory , but poorly executed . The plastic of the bag itself is very stiff and tears easily . The seal is awful . Hard to close and leaks . This is especially frustrating when you are trying to use this for convenience at work or to transport milk elsewhere . I have n't even bothered to try and freeze milk in the bags because I was too worried about the bag tipping and leaking all over the freezer . The lansanoh bags are much better . I have even taken the tabs off the medela bags to use on the lansanoh bags . Do n't waste your money on these bags . It ends up costing you more in time and lost milk ! Plus the Lansanoh bags are cheaper !
 The zip on these bags is extremely picky . You think you 've sealed it , run your fingers over it multiple times , but no , it 's not sealed and leaks all over . My solution was to squeeze the bag when I thought I had it , just to check . At least a fourth of the time , milk would squirt past the seal . If it is n't reliable for storage , it has no purpose . And really , Medela makes no bags that are a perfect fit for the Freestyle pump ? Good grief , it 's their top-of-the-line pump.My solution ? I switched to theLansinoh 20435 Breastmilk Storage Bags , 25-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- , double zip and easy to seal . They freeze perfectly and fit in myThe First Years Milk Storage Organizer . I had to improvise with the bags to connect them to my Freestyle pump anyway so why struggle with the Medela bags ?
 These bags are convenient to pump into , but that 's where the pros end . It 's difficult to get an accurate measure of how much milk is in the bag unless you measure it and pour it into the bag . Even worse , and the reason I wo n't buy this brand bag again , is that defrosted milk smells -LRB- and presumably tastes -RRB- TERRIBLE ! It smells like plastic . I did n't feel comfortable feeding it to my child . Anyone who has sat hooked to a breast pump for what amounts to HOURS to later have to throw that milk away can empathize with my disgust over having the storage bags ruin milk . Go with Gerber bags or Lansinoh . I never had this issue with those .
 This new style with the holes is terrible-if you freeze your milk then the milk has to be 100 % defrosted/melted to get out of the bag . ie
 I 've loved everything else I 've bought from Medela , and the idea of pumping directly into a storage bag -LRB- and therefore saving time later by not having to wash bottles -RRB- seemed brilliant . Even though my much less expensive Lansinoh milk storage bags were working just fine while I was stockpiling milk during my maternity leave , I decided to splurge and get one 50-count box of these Medela bags . Bad idea.Milk gets all over the ziplock portion of the bag while I 'm pumping , so I have to wipe it off before I can seal it . When pumping into bottles , I can sit the bottle + pump part units down on the table while I disconnect the parts and clean up . With the bags , it 's a juggling act to keep my precious milk from spilling out all over the place . Oh , and speaking of spilling -- these bags do n't seem to seal very well at all , so I worry constantly about them leaking , and I 've only managed to pour milk from a bag into a feeding bottle once without dumping some of it onto the counter . While it would n't bother me too much if not for all these other issues , it 's also annoying that I can never tear them neatly on the perforated line . The Lansinoh bags have double zippers that seem to work great , and the `` pour spout '' feature on them means I do n't waste milk that could be going to feed my baby.I 'm experimenting with ways to pump directly into my Lansinoh bags , but for now , I 'm perfectly willing to put up with extra bottle washing if it means I do n't have to use Medela 's junky pump & save bags . I avoid the remaining ones in my cabinet like the plague . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this product to limit the number of bottles I would need to purchase . The bags are n't as easy to use as I hoped . I have to press the ` seal ' a handful of times to make sure it 's completely closed . When the bag is reopened , it 's cumbersome to get milk out without tearing the bag completely or spilling the contents . The measuring on the bags is an approximate measurement -LRB- as stated on the bags -RRB- and that 's the last thing you want to think about during the middle of the night when you 're either filling the bags or trying to reopen them . Overall , the product is better and cheaper than using bottles but still needs vastly improved in price and functionality .
 When my son was first born , I diligently built a large stash of frozen breast milk -LRB- over 300 ounces -RRB- , storing the milk in these Medela bags . Three months later , since some of the milk was approaching ` expiration , ' I defrosted some to use , and to my horror , the milk smelled faintly rancid -LRB- smelled kind of like sour raisins ? -RRB- . I continued defrosting and checking and each bag of milk smelled the same . I ended up tossing most of the 300 ounces -LRB- I found that I could freeze the milk for 7 days without it turning sour-smelling -RRB- and for months I thought the issue was my milk -LRB- thinking maybe I had excess lipase in my milk -RRB- . At 6 months , since I was going out of town for a weekend without my son , I started freezing milk again , only allowing it to be frozen for less than 7 days , again thinking that it was my milk going sour after 7 days . I purchased another box of these Medela bags , and for whatever reason , this time I sniffed the bag before adding the milk and it was THAT SMELL ! So now I know it was the bags making the breast milk smell rancid , and I keeping think about all the precious breast milk I tossed because of these wretched bags . After doing some research , I found that others had the same experience . I am very sensitive to smells , so my son probably would have been okay drinking milk stored in these bags , but I just ca n't serve him funny smelling milk !
 These bags get the job done I guess , but I do n't care for them . What really irritates me is that the picture shows the old bags with the stick on strap -LRB- which I prefer MUCH more -RRB- . The older bags were much easier to use . These new ones are hard to pour out of because of the hole -LRB- it seems like I 'm always spilling milk -RRB- and I do n't like having two more things to clean . Also , both the new and old bags are 5 oz bags , but for some reason it seems like I can barely fit 5 oz in the news ones . The old ones seemed to have slightly more space . I do n't know why Medela would redesign these and make them worse .
 The little tape tab that lets you pump directly into the bag is cool . However , the bags do n't lie very flat in the freezer , which becomes an issue when you are building up a little stockpile . Also the single , clear ziploc zipper is not enough . I 've had milk leak because the zipper did n't close all the way . Much prefer the Lansinoh bags .
 I loved the idea of pumping straight into a storage bag . It ended up being a mess ! I 'll continue with my old system of pumping into the Medela 80ml tube bottles . If I know I will be freezing the milk I 'll pour it from the tube to Lansinoh storage bags . I recommend those bags over the Medelas .
 My milk leaks from these quite frequently . the zip lock is difficult to seal correctly for some reason . even if you cinch it tightly between your fingers and slide across to seal a few times , it feels sealed even when not . so they are kinda tricky . it would be nice if there was a color change when they are properly sealed , like some food storage bags.The volume of pumped milk in the bag is actually less than what it looks like . I 've noted this after pouring milk into several types of bottles including the medela bottles that came with the pump
 I usually do n't write reviews , but I am compelled to voice my opinion on this particular product . I usually sing the praises of Medela products . However , these pump and save bags are terrible !!!! I have an entire freezer full of stored milk ; all of which are sealed in these bags . Now that I am back to work , I have had to defrost several bags at a time ... daily . Without question , there is ALWAYS 1 bag that is leaking . The leaks are usually not from the zip top , rather , it has burst along one of the the seams . I only fill the bags with 2-4 ounces , allowing for adequate expansion when the milk freezes ; trying to ensure the best I can that the bags wo n't burst open ... and still I am finding leaks.For all of you breastfeeding moms , we all know that breast milk is `` liquid gold '' and we have to work SO HARD to produce it . It pains me to see even an ounce of milk wasted in such a manner . Do n't waste your money on this !!!!
 I find these bags almost impossible to work with . The collar to pump directly into the bags is hard to work with . The holes in the bag for the collar to fit into also make pouring the milk into a bottle a messy fiasco . The best way to pour the milk is to use scissors to cut the top of the bag off . I found that these bags are hard to tell when they are zipped closed too . If you do use these bags do n't bother pumping directly into bag just use nipple shield to pour milk into bag after pumping .
 The bags state `` safe and long-term breastmilk storage '' but the milk I pumped and froze last week is nasty . I use most of the milk I pump to make my son 's rice cereal as he has started solids . After he refused his food multiple times I tasted the cereal and it was nasty ! I pulled another bag out of the freezer from 3 days ago and it smelled and tasted the same with his cereal . Now I use the milk I express in the morning for that day only . Disappointing I can not use these bage for the intended `` long-term '' use and stay ahead with my pumping .
 I 'd buy more of these bags if the ad were n't so confusing that it 's unclear what I 'm actually ordering . The photo shown at the top displays the easy-connect bags , yet the photos in the Product Description section show the self-sticking tape bags . Also , the ad indicates both 50ct and 20ct in different places . What EXACTLY is being sold here ?
 I have been pumping now for seven months and have used almost every type of bag to store milk . I HATE these bags and I am so upset I went straight to my computer to write a review . I have lost at least an ounce of milk every time I use these bags . They hold so little milk that if you pour just six ounces in your milk will overflow , which is heartbreaking because every ounce is precious . The seal on these is the worst I 've seen . VERY difficult and stiff , I have gotten a faulty seal and lost milk when thawing as well ! This is incredibly frustrating to a working mother that just wants to provide the best for her baby . Also , these bags do not freeze flat , so they take up a great deal more space in the freezer . The lanisoh or gerber bags are by far more user friendly . Please save your time , sanity , and milk and buy something else !
 These bags are awful and in my experience , after they are in the fridge , leak more than 50 % of the time and , if they put in the freezer , leak more than 80 % of the time . Yuck ! The Lansinoh bags are wonderful -- get those instead !
 I have been using these for quite some time . For some reason I decided to smell the inside of the bag . There is a strong plastic odor inside the bag . I put some water in one and froze it . Then I thawed it as I would milk for my son . The water absorbed the odor and tasted funny . I have about thirty bags left in the package and am throwing them out . Who knows what chemicals are leaching into the liquid inside . In addition , I noticed that the packaging states `` Packaged and printed in the USA '' ... but where is the actual plastic used to make the bag made ???
 I just bought these bags and have only used a trial run to test them out before freezing a large supply -LRB- as recommended inside the packaging -RRB- . Thankfully I did this , and found that after freezing a small quantity -LRB- 2oz -RRB- overnight , the milk once thawed had a distinct plastic taste and smell . Maybe this problem would go away if I filled it to the brim?Now , I 'm not an infant , but I can image that a baby would be able to taste this . I am also concerned about what the chemical is specifically and what effect it might have on my child.I called Medela to complain about this problem , and their rep said that it is probably from the `` sterilization '' chemical that they use on the finished bags and that it will not effect my baby . Um excuse me ? How many years of research has your company done to address this specific question ? No one can make this claim about any chemical . Except for those that have been commonly used for over 20 years , like tylenol . At the very least , I know that I would prefer the taste of fresh milk versus this chemically tinged milk . And who would want to jeopardize their stored milk supply only to find that it is n't usable ? Too many risks versus the minimal amount of pros -LRB- such as convenience of use -RRB- . To their credit , Medela has offered to ship me a brand new box so that I can return it at the store that I bought it from , and they are paying to have the questionable bags shipped back to them . They should have just given me a refund , but whatever.I hope I can find other brands that do n't have this problem ... Update
 when i first started pumping and freezing my milk i was using medela bags , only because i was also using a medela pump . i eventually switched over to the lansinoh bags which i like much better . the following is a review on the pluses and minuses of each.the one thing i think the medela bags have over the lansinoh bags is that they have little holes near the top that allow you to hang the bags from the pump and pump directly into the bags , saving you from having to pump into a bottle , pour the milk into the bag , and then have to wash the bottle . the bags were a little difficult to remove from the pump without sloshing the milk everywhere however . we also had some trouble pouring the milk from the bag into a bottle when it was time to feed without the milk pouring out of those holes all over the counter.the major plus to me for the lansinoh bags is that they did not leak like the medela bags did . the lansinoh bags have a double zipper to ensure your `` liquid gold '' stays put inside . i work hard to produce , pump , and freeze my milk , i want to save every last drop of it , and i do n't want frozen drops of breast milk inside the cooler i carry my milk in and my freezer itself.the lansinoh bags are also larger so you can put the same amount of milk in them but they will freeze flatter . this is a great plus when you are saving a large number of bags of milk.i also liked that the lansinoh bags had the little tear away piece of plastic at the top so that you can ensure before use that that bag has never been tampered with or contaminated.overall , i say lansinoh is the clear winner .
 I never write reviews , but I thought that this one actually deserved one because I want to warn all of the pumping mothers out there . I have used these bags before when I was pumping for my first child -LRB- 2.5 yrs old now -RRB- and I never had issues with them before . HOWEVER , this time around with my second child -LRB- 4.5 months old -RRB- , I have been so frustrated over these medela milk bags . Every other bag that I defrost seems to leak milk , not up by the zipper part where I would expect , but somewhere down by the base or on the body of the bag , as if someone took a knife and punctured it . Obviously it was n't an issue when I was pouring fresh milk in since it did n't leak then , and it looks like it froze properly , so it must be while it is freezing that the milk expands and makes the bags puncture or pop for some reason . Honestly , because I unfortunately bought a 50 pack of bags , I 'm forced to continue to use these until I 'm out of them , but even when I try to only fill the bags with 3 or 4oz -LRB- not the 5oz capacity that it is supposed to hold -RRB- , and even allowing for air so that there is room for the milk to expand , I am still having bags that leak . I am planning on contacting medela to complain about the poor product quality , but wanted to share my experience after losing another 4oz this morning . I will be looking for different bags to pump into . And yes , I am crying over spilled milk . Whoever came up with that expression obviously was not a breastfeeding mother who has had to pump !
 I have gone through many boxes of storage bags , and the Lansinoh are simply the best.I got a box of Medela bags as a shower gift . I absolutely love my Medela pump so assumed the bags would be good as well . The Medela bags are very stiff . They do stand up nicely when pouring milk in , although the bag does n't always pop apart like it is supposed to in order to stand . They come with a plastic thing you can use to put in the bag while pouring milk in . It is a waste of time to use , in my opinion . The seal is the biggest problem . Out of the 25 Medela bags I used , I found out I did not get the bags sealed all the way when I put them in the freezer so milk spilled . When I was through about 15 bags , I had two spill in the freezer . Once I figured out how difficult they were to seal , I took extra time to go back and forth over the seam and did n't have the spilling problem again , but it was a hassle . Since the bags are stiff , they spill milk more than Lansinoh when you put milk in the bottles.In comparison , the Lansinoh bags are much softer . They lay flat until they are partially filled with milk then the bottom `` drops '' and they stand up on their own on the counter -- very efficient design . The best part is that the Lansinoh bags are not only easier to seal ; they have two sealing seams , so it always seals the first time . There was one time I did n't get the first one sealed , and the second one saved me ! The softer design also allows milk to pour out more easily into the bottles.I have read that both Medela and Lansinoh are BPA free .
 After building up a good store of milk using these bags , I 'm devastated that every other one I defrost leaks and the milk is lost all over the counter . Horrible integrity . apparently , they are not able to withold being frozen which defeats the entire point . I 'm sickened by the fact that 1/2 my store might be lost due to a bad product .
 Ca n't someone engineer a pouring system for these bags ? It 's such a hassle to poor the milk from the flabby plastic bag into a bottle without spilling some and nearly impossible if you are stuck with your infant in one arm and need to do this one-handed . For the price , Medela should really come up with something better .
 The product feature states these bags have the stick strap . These do not . These are the new model with the adapter which is not what i wanted nor ordered .
 These bags are not nearly as good as the Lanisol bags . They are very difficult to seal which leads to more leaks . Also , I like to freeze 4 oz portions , but that amount overfilled these bags even though they are supposed to hold 5 oz .
 I put this on my baby registry and recieved a box as part of a gift . This is my first experience with any Medela product . The plastic used for these bags is stiff and the measurements are off . Not to mention the bags only hold 5 ozs . Since the plastic is so stiff , I have torn through several , right down to the seal , rendering them useless . Thank goodness I did n't purchase these because I would have been highly upset . I considered giving the remainder of the box to a friend of mine , but I would not wish these bags on anyone ! Awesome idea in theory but Medela has a long way to go in order to get this concept working correctly . Save your sanity and buy anything else !
 Its not written anywhere in the description , but these bags are not compatible with Freestyle breast pump . They will not fit well on those pumps , so are pretty much useless .
 Received a 20 pk of these in the medela breast milk storage gift set and in testing a bag out with water before I used them for milk I opened my freezer midway in the freeze process to find the entire bottom shelf covered in ice cold water . When I held it over the sink the dripping continued even though I looked to make sure it was sealed . After trying a few more bags I saw the only way to prevent the leaking was to store the bag standing upright which will not work as I need to be able to store them flat in the freezer . Also I did notice this bag does not lie as flat as the Lasinoh bags so while this product may work for some people I really do n't feel confident in even using the ones left in my box . As someone who will be returning to work full time I do not have the luxury of losing precious frozen supply due to bag storage leaks .
 These are my problems with the Medela bags : These bags take up too much room when freezing as they do n't lie flatI ca n't pump directly into them as the measurements are not correctIt 's difficult to tell if the bag is actually sealed , which can create a huge safety issue , not to mention the messThe opening is very narrow , making it difficult to pour milk into the bag and not get it on the sealI much prefer the Lansinoh bags and will be buying those again since the biggest reason I bought these was to be able to pump directly into them . Since I ca n't do that , they have no other redeeming qualities for me .
 I have been a Medela pump and accessories user for now my 3rd baby . I really dislike the new design with the attachment so you can pump directly into bag . I do n't like to pump into the bag because the measurement is inaccurate . So I pump into a bottle then pour it in . The problem is that now there are these huge holes on the sides of the bag above the zipper to attach the thing to hook onto your breastshield , so its impossible to pour milk in without spilling it everywhere ! The old ones had perforations to tear off the top part if you do n't want to pump directly into bag , not sure why they could n't do that with this design too . I have n't yet poured any milk out of the bags yet but I 'm sure it will be just as messy as getting it into the dang bag . Why does n't medela first make the measurements more accurate and second try pouring milk in and out of it before they agree a new design works . For the first time I am buying different brand storage bag !
 I used the medela pump & products with my first with little complaints . The new design on these bags is HORRIBLE . There are two holes int the top so it can easily attach to the pump . Sounds like a good idea until you try getting the milk out of the bag . Try pouring through a top with two holes . The end result is wasted milk -LRB- which means wasted time , effort , & money -RRB- all over the counter . Urgh ! Time to go back to your last design Medela !
 I had a very difficult time with these bags and went as far as emailing the manufacturer directly . `` Pump and Save '' to save time was nothing more than a time waster . I prefer to pump directly into a bottle because the measurements are much more accurate.When you transfer from a bottle to the bag most of the time the milk spills out of cut out they use for the pump attachment.This was a terrible design fail and have since discontinued use of the Medela bags .
 First of all let me start by saying I 've never left a one star review on ANYTHING before . I 'm not a picky person but after losing my fifth bag of milk I 'm fed up . Thank god these bags were given to me and I did n't have to pay the ridiculous ammount they 're charging for such a shoddy product . I thought maybe it was me at first , so after the first and second leak I had my partner give it a try on two of the bags I pumped after explaining to him I did n't think I was zipping it right . Out of the two , one of them leaked . Not really sure what the point of having a zipper is if it does n't close all the way . As a busy working mom that 's also going to school full time , I want to cry thinking about all the milk that 's been lost because of their terrible design .
 These are awful . I am strongly tempted to throw these in the garbage . I 've never wasted so much milk before . Here 's what I dislike : - They are very hard to seal . I spend about a minute with each bag squeezing it to see if any air leaks out . Finding out that it does , then finding one tiny place where the zipper is n't closed and sealing that spot . Then I repeat that about 3 times per bag . My fingers are actually sore right now from trying to squeeze the zipper together . - They do n't work with my drop-in bottles . I can use other milk storage bags directly in my Playtex drop-in bottles without having to pour the milk out of the bag . - They tip over . At first I was amazed with how they stood up even with the pump parts still attached . That worked the first time , but not always . About 10-20 % of the time , they fall over and then milk spills out . Since I do n't have three hands , I ca n't hold onto the second bag while taking the pump parts out of the first one . - I have to hold onto the pump parts all the time while using these bags . I do n't do any sort of `` hands free '' pumping . But , I am usually able to use my knees to hold onto the bottles for a few seconds while I adjust the pump speed or turn a page in a book , etc. . While using these bags , I ca n't do that.I 'm trying to think of something good to say about these ... I guess when I do use the bags , it is one less time that I have to wash the bottles .
 Let me start by saying that , after three kids , I 'm a longtime and repeat Medela customer , and I generally sing their praises to the skies . But this is the worst product I think I 've ever bought , and I wo n't be buying them again.I use a Medela Freestyle pump , and the first thing I noted was that these bags do n't fit the Freestyle all that well . The shorter neck of the Freestyle pump attachment sits higher than the zip seal of the bag , so you will wind up with some residual milk above the zip seal when you get done . OK , so not the end of the world , but you 'd think Medela would have noticed that . Perhaps that 's why various reviews I 'd read said they were n't a terrific match for the Freestyle . For the record , the tape strap that holds the bag on does indeed fit just fine , so if you do n't mind cleaning up your bag seal post-pumping , then it wo n't bother you too much.The deal-breaker for me is the horrible ziplock-style seal itself . In short , do n't count on it working . As a college-educated adult who has lots of experience with zip-type bags over the years , it ought to be a simple thing to seal a bag of milk . And yet.Five times in two weeks I 've had the seals on these bags fail . Once in my briefcase -LRB- thank God my laptop was n't in it too -RRB- , once in the freezer , once in the diaper bag , and twice -LRB- and please insert shocking profanity here -RRB- in my bed , all over my quilts and pillow-top mattress pad . Anyone can blame user error for a single leak -- but with this frequency ? I do n't think so.Medela has clearly made these seals far too fussy . They have to realize that women are using these bags on the go , or in the dark in bed , in any number of locations . These zippers need to be idiot-proof . Either I 'm an idiot , or these bags are rubbish.A call to the Medela hotline to complain was interesting . The service rep told me to make sure to stand the bags upright in the freezer to make sure they do n't spill . To me , this implies that Medela completely expects a certain number of seals not to work . And even if the bag is upright so as not to spill , do n't they realize that a bad seal will freezer-burn the milk and ruin it ? What 's the point of freezing it if it 's going to be unusable when thawed?Any nursing mother will tell you that every ounce you can get is needed and important . Losing it because of a bad zip design is really enough to ruin your day . Particularly if it soaks your bed -- or your briefcase , diaper bag , freezer , car , etc -- in the process.As a footnote , the bags only hold 5 oz , which is n't a lot . I routinely need multiple bags per side per session . Medela expects us to be putting out very small quantities , apparently.Suggestion
 I am pumping / have pumped a lot of milk , and the problem with the Medela bags is manifold . First of all , you can maybe pump 6 oz into the bag MAX . While this might be enough for most people , it often was n't for me . -LRB- Lansinoh and Gerber can hold 10 oz -RRB- . Secondly , the Medela bags do n't freeze flat , which took up a LOT of space in my freezer . -LRB- The other two bags can freeze flat , and I just line them up in a shoe box -RRB- Medela bags are also very expensive . I do n't see the big deal in cleaning a couple of bottles each time I pump . I still have to clean up the shields . Also , it 's hard to tell how much milk you have when you pump into a bag . I find it easier and more accurate to pump into a bottle and put EXACTLY what I want into each bag . Finally , I agree with others that this is a pain in the butt to pour . I spilled a lot of milk with Medela bags . Between the Gerber and Lansinoh , the Lansinoh is much stronger .
 I thought I 'd love to be able to pump directly into these bags , but not so . First of all , logistically you can only pump one side into one bag . So you still have to dirty a bottle , or use two bags at each pumping . And trying to pump into bags means there 's no way to do it hands-free , because you have to hold the bags steady.Then there 's the measurement markings . They 're not accurate . So you have to measure the milk in a bottle before pouring it into the bag , which is an extra step.And the worst part of the bags is that they 're not perforated right . There 's about 1/2 inch section in the middle that 's not perforated at all . So you can tear from both sides , but when you get to the middle if you do n't use scissors , there 's no telling how far off it 'll tear . What a mess!I have n't found a good bag yet , but this is definitely not it .
 I 'm going to echo everyone else with the following : - The bags are too small , and -LRB- less importantly -RRB- the measurement is n't all that accurate -LRB- registers a little more than there is -RRB- . - The valve part of the pump sits higher than the zip line on the bag , so you end up with milk residue all over the top of the bag . - The ziplock function is barely functional . I spend a minute on each bag sealing it over and over again and finally , slowly tipping them over to make sure it 's completely sealed before storing . - The Lansinoh bags are much bigger , are easier to handle -LRB- easier to get the air out before sealing -RRB- , and have reliable seals . All they 're missing is a piece of tape ... - It takes much longer to attach these bags to your pump and then seal and clean the bags afterwards than just using the screw on bottles . Plus , unless you 're going to freeze the milk afterwards , you 're going to pour it into a bottle anyway -LRB- which is not so easy with these bags -RRB- . - Each bag costs a .40 cents or more . If you pump three times a day like me ,5 days a week , and use two bags each time , that 's 30 bags a week . That 's basically like buying three 5-ounce bottles a week and then throwing them away.Bottom line - These are only good for pumping emergencies . I keep a few in my bag just in case I forget to pack my bottles one day . You 're better off buying enough bottles to get you through the week -LRB- so you do n't have to wash each night -RRB- . The bottles are faster to use -LRB- speed is of the essence when you pump 2 or 3 times during a work day -RRB- , and then all you have to do is screw on the nipple to feed -LRB- whoever is watching your child will thank you -RRB- . And best part about the bottles ? . . they NEVER leak !
 You do n't need these . You either need something to pump into or storage bags . This combo seems like a good idea , but it 's not.When I was pregnant and picking my pump and pump accessories , I thought this was a great idea . Once I actually started pumping , I discovered this is a complete waste of money . When you 're pumping , the majority of your milk is going to feed your baby in the near future -LRB- the milk you pump at work today will be the milk your childcare provider uses tomorrow -RRB- . So there 's no reason pump into a single-use bag . You 'll use at least six bags a day to pump , which means in a work week , you 're using 30 bags that will end up the trash the next day . Plus , you ca n't feed a baby from these puppies , so you have to pour the milk into a bottle anyway . Save a step and lots of cash -- pump into the bottles you use to feed with . If you have a Medela pump , then you can use these -LRB- Medela Breastmilk Feeding and Storage Set -RRB- or these cheaper ones that also fit the Medela pump even though they 're a different brand -LRB- Evenflo 4 Pack Simplymilk Storage Bottles , 5 Ounce . You 'll pump into the bottles at work , put the lids on , store them in the fridge , then put rings and nipples on them the next day to serve them to your baby . Even if you plan to use different bottles for feeding because your baby has a preference -LRB- do n't go there if you can avoid it -- I insisted on using the Dr. Browns bottles for baby # 1 because I thought they were `` better , '' but I 'm just using the pumping bottles to feed baby # 2 , and there 's no difference in the amount of burping or gas -RRB- , just storing the milk in these easy to wash , bpa free bottles is better than burning money on pumping bags.Even if you 're trying to build a freezer stash , these do n't make a lot of sense . In most cases , only a small cut of your daily milk goes towards the stash , so you 're freezing one bag a day and throwing away five that are used for immediate feeding milk . Better to pump everything into bottles and pour the occasional spare milk into a storage bag when you 've got it . Also , these bags are not the best for freezing -- they 've only got a single zipper , so they are more likely to leak . Plus , their size makes them more likely to bust open in the freezer -LRB- there 's not a lot of room above the five ounce mark for the milk to expand into when it freezes -RRB- . To freeze , get these : Lansinoh 20435 Breastmilk Storage Bags , 25-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- . They have better closures , are less likely to freeze open , and they are cheaper.Happy pumping !
 These are absolutely terrible bags . I bought them to bring on a business trip as I did n't want to have to bring bottles -LRB- too bulky -RRB- and in theory , could pump directly into these bags to save any losses in transfer . Well , that turned out to be a terrible idea ! I would estimate that at least 3 out of 4 bags leaked , and this was after I went over and over the seal to avoid just such a thing from happening . This meant there was milk all over my pump bag but even worse , that I lost that milk ! Any pumping mother knows the pain of losing milk ! Then I had to go through TSA with leaky bags and hope it was n't an issue -LRB- it was n't but still pretty embarrassing . -RRB- The only positive about these bags was that you could pump directly into them using the included adapters , but they are not worth that convenience . -LRB- I much prefer the Honeysuckle bags but ca n't figure out how to pump into them directly . -RRB-
 I have only been using these bags for about a week , and have had several leaks already . I went to the Amazon reviews to see if it was just me , and I 'm glad to know it 's not . I agree with what everyone else has said - the zipper seal is terrible . I am a big fan of Medela 's other products , which is why I tried these in the first place . I had been using the Lansinoh bags , and will definitely go back to them . I 'm not even going to use the rest of the package - I just ca n't bear to waste precious milk because they leak .
 The old bags were so much better and more convenient ! The seal on these is lousy and the extra parts just cause another sterilizing problem in btwn pumping at work !
 I am very frustrated with these bags . They have consistently broken in the same spot when we warm them up from freezing . Milk spills everywhere and we lose our 4 ounces . Although it was nice to pump directly into the bag , the breaking issue means that I would not recommend these to anyone .
 I do n't often write reviews , but this product is so horrible I am writing a review to hopefully spare you the mistake of buying these . I pump into bottles then transfer to bags . I had been using another brand of bags which was awesome , but I ran out and had some of these I had n't tried yet . These are horrible ! The bag is a very thin crinkly plastic , there is only one zip seal , which does n't seal very well and it is difficult to tell if it is sealed or not , so leaks are very likely . The bag also has a hole above the seal on both the front and the back , which I guess might be useful if you were pumping directly into these bags , but if you are not it is a major hassle and is yet another source of leaks as you are trying to pour the milk into a bottle . Also the way the bag opens , it is very difficult to pour milk into the bag from the bottle - again not an issue if you were pumping directly into these . So if you are using it to pump directly into maybe this would be a convenient option , but if you are just looking for a storage bag I would not get these . The Simplisse bags -LRB- Simplisse Breastmilk Storage Bags , 25 Pack -RRB- are FAR superior , with thicker plastic , easy to pour into and out of , a double seal to prevent leaks , and you can lay them flat in the freezer for easier storage .
 This is the first review I have every written -LRB- and I buy a lot of products from Amazon -RRB- so that alone should indicate how terrible this product is . For almost three months I have been diligently pumping every morning to build up a large store of milk so that when I went back to work , I would n't have to worry about having enough breastmilk for my daughter . I freeze the milk right after I pump it , being careful to seal the bag completely . My milk has been kept in a chest freezer to minimize freezer burn . Last week I defrosted two bags of milk about 2 months old to leave in a bottle for my sister , who was babysitting . She called my husband and I about halfway through our engagement to tell us that our daughter was refusing to drink from the bottle and screaming her head off . We could not figure out what was wrong since we had never had any issues giving her -LRB- fresh -RRB- milk from the bottle before . My husband left the dinner to go help , but he was unable to get her to drink more than an ounce or two at most . We thought she was frustrated from having to suck the milk through a stage 1 nipple when she needed a stage 2 . We switched the nipples on all our bottles and the next day I again defrosted two bags and left them with my husband while I attended a baby shower . He called me to let me know that our daughter was gagging and I could hear her screaming in the background . I suggested switching to a different brand bottle . A half hour later he called me to tell me that the problem was my milk !!! The milk I left with him smelled and tasted terrible , so he had pulled some more bags from the freezer that were only a week old , and she drank that milk just fine.Today I defrosted 4 bags of milk to discover that any milk more than a month old STINKS !! The inside of these bags smell and that smell is transferred to the milk after it has stayed in the freezer for several weeks . I 'm sure that some babies would n't mind , since other customers have been able to use these bags without problems , but my daughter hates it . I am devastated that I will have to discard 2/3 of my stash . I wish I had known this before I started pumping . Buyers , beware !
 Well , I just threw another leaky defrosted Medela `` pump and save '' bag in the trash after losing another few ounces of milk from one of these 5-ounce bags . Truly , save your money and buy Laninoh bags . I read the reviews of both , went with Medela at a price premium , thinking that they would n't leak , and , what do you know ? They leak like crazy . So , if both Lansinoh and Medela bags leak , I 'm at least going to start saving money and buying the cheaper storage bag . Medela bags work fine when you pump into them and freeze them ; it 's just when you actually need to USE them that they fail miserably at their task of `` storage . '' I 've defrosted several of the bags only to discover -- too late -- hair-line cracks at the bottom of the bags . Of course , I discovered this after they had already leaked out several ounces of milk . Great job , Medela . I will never buy these bags again .
 The bags are poor quality and poor construction . Lansinoh bags are much better and recommended .
 In theory , these bags would have been great . However , I actually found that I did n't like them at all . I prefer the Lansinoh brand . The piece that connects the bag to the pump tears through the label area when you try to tear it off . And it holds less milk . This bag holds a maximum of 5 ounces , and is then REALLY difficult to close , whereas the Lansinoh brand holds 6 ounces and closes rather easily . Do n't get me wrong , I LOVE Medela pumps better than any other pump , but I would go with a different storage bag .
 THis new design with the holes is ridiculous . If you forget they have holes on the sides you can easily unintentionally spill all your hard-pumped , precious milk.Medela bags are thin so they break easily . Freeze them and count on them leaking when you defrost the milk.Get Simplisse . It 's the best bag out there .
 Medela BM storage bags are more expensive then other brands and they are not any better . The closure is terrible and leaks . The bags are smaller then other brands . Go with NUK or Lansinoh
 These are the worst storage bags ! They do n't freeze flat . They are had to close and you 're not really sure if it is closed all the way and secure . And if you leave them in your freezer for about 3 months or more , they crack . So when I 'm defrosting my milk , the bag starts leaking ! My milk is basically mixed with water because im defrosting it in a water bath . All my hard work pumping ounce after ounce of milk is just wasted ! Get the lansinoh breast milk storage bags . They are so much better !
 First of all , it says that liquids could get trapped in the plastic zip part which could prevent it from closing properly . is this a disclaimer for crappy product design ? the product stores milk . Kind of asinine if you ask me.Second of all , when you are pouring the milk out , sometimes it leaks out the crease where the plastic zip is , creating a dribble effect two inches below the top ; which if you 're pouring into a medela bottle , you 'll lose milk . Again , horrible design/quality . Thirdly , we 've lost a few bags of milk b/c the zip is n't strong enough to hold the milk if it 's full . We make sure that it 's zipped tight but if there is liquid within the zips , it 'll pop open . Now how do you clean out the zips when it 's a mm wide ? Asisine - poor design.Luckily we 've only lost a few oz here and there since the crappy design has forced us to double baggie the bags with zip loc bags . which kind of defeats the purpose of using these bags made to store milk .
 These bags are a waste of money . Yes they can stand on own when filled with milk but takes up to much room in the freezer . Due to the shape of the bag and remaining space when filled to the 5oz line they are unable to lay flat . I would recommend the Lansinoh storage bags they can hold up to 6ozs of milk , lay flat in the freezer and are cheaper than the medela brand.The time you spend trying to be careful when removing the adapter that you pump directly in can be spent just simply transfering the milk from bottle to bag . Save your money and do n't buy this item unless you have money to waste .
 I had really high hopes for these bags as a working mom of an infant , especially since Medella has such great products for pumping . These bags are the third brand I 've used and are , by far , the worst.Pros : - They do stand up well , if that is something you think you 'll use , and are the most sturdy bag I 've seen for that purpose.Cons : - I dislike the feel of the plastic , which is stiff and rigid and has as strong plastic smell . - They do n't open well for pouring milk into or out of the bags . There seems to be a fair learning curve at how you should exactly hold the bag and at what angle it needs to be tilted to get it to pour well . I get very frustrated when I lose even one drop of milk , so this is a big one for me , especially considering that multiple people may be handling the milk bags in a given day . - There is only one zipper closure , which makes me concerned about how well they will stay closed . - They do n't lay flat to freeze into a nice bricks for storage in the freezer . - They are n't factory sealed on top , so there is no way to be sure if the inside of the bag has been tampered with or is still sanitary . - They do n't hold a whole lot of milk . The bags are only marked for 5 oz and even then the bag closes tightly.I wo n't be purchasing these bags again . For the price , they do n't have half the features and useability of other bags . My favorite bags are theSimplisse Breastmilk Storage Bags , 25 Packwhich are on the more expensive side , but give me great peace of mind and are easy to use . I also have used and liked theLansinoh Breast Milk Storage Bags 50-pk . which are a bit flimsy , but I would use them in a heartbeat over the Medellas .
 I am on my way home from a business trip and my cooler is filled with spilled milk . These bags leak , do not hold enough milk and the seal sucks . Very disappointed at the quality .
 Let me start by saying that in general , I love Medela products . The Pump in Style breast pump , the bottles , even the nursing stool are all great products . These bags , however , are infuriatingly shoddy.The zipper seal is barely a seal at all ... sometimes it works , but oftentimes the seals just do n't seal . Because I am aware of this , I do my best to keep the filled bags upright , but that is n't always possible . Also , because breastmilk is n't homoginized , I like to shake it up before filling baby 's bottle . If you shake these crappy bags , your milk will fly all over . Then comes the joy of filling the bottle ... these bags drip like crazy and a good portion of the milk -LRB- that did n't already leak out of the `` seal '' -RRB- spills on the counter . Medela recommends using a breast shield to fill your bottles . What ?? If I use a used breast shield , the milk is then unsanitary . If I use a clean breast shield , I then have to clean and sterlize it again . I do n't know of any breastfeeding mom who has time to clean and sterlize MORE pump parts than necessary.I would n't recommend these bags to my worst enemy .
 I used these because they were part of the gift set . I will not be buying them again . The measurement is not accurate on the bag , so I started pumping into a bottle then put the milk in the bag . They also are VERY difficult to close and most of the time I ca n't get them all the way closed . I started using the Lanisoh bags and prefer them , they are easy to close and are accurate .
 I thought I would love being able to store milk in a bag and lay it flat in the freezer to save room . However , there are a few flaws with this product 1 . The ounces it reads while it 's in the bag is about one ounce short of what is actually in the bag . To make sure I know exactly how much milk I 'm leaving for my baby , I will pump into a bottle and then transfer it to the bag . 2 . The ziploc part of the bag does not always close completely , no matter how many times you try , so when you try to lay the bag down , milk gushes out everywhere . Very frustrating !!! Medela Pump & Save Breastmilk Bags - 50 pack
 I started pumping and freezing milk 2 months before I had to go back to work because I knew it would be hard for me to pump at work . The milk I stored in these bags took on a horrible , chemical , plastic taste . The first day I worked and before we discovered the problem , my babysitter had nothing else to feed my baby so she tried to give her this milk , but my baby kicked and screamed and spit the milk out -LRB- this is a baby who will gladly take a bottle of freshly pumped milk , so it was n't bottle aversion -RRB- . That first day my 3 month old baby went 7 hours without eating because the milk tasted so bad . I systematically defrosted milk from each week I 'd been pumping to test it and discovered that milk as fresh as 2 weeks frozen was bad . I had to throw away over 50 bags of milk -- that 's over 2500 oz of precious breast milk ! The milk I stored in Ziploc freezer baggies is fine ! I will never use this product again and will never recommend it to my fellow nursing mothers.In the company 's defense , I did contact them and they offered to ship me fresh boxes of bags so I could return them to the store where I bought them for a full refund .
 Make sure you seal the bag tight after filling it to avoid spills . Also , you have to open them really gently at first as so not to tear the hole that fits on the piece that attaches to the pump . Lastly , the measurements are not very accurate . When I fill a bag to the 5 ounce line , it 's only about 4 ounces .
 I got these for my wife to use when she pumps at work . They are good for the convenience of getting set up quickly but the bags themselves are horrible for storage . Most let the milk leak out . They do n't hold that much either and my wife said trying to change those things while in the middle of pumping was a pain in the behind
 I decided to buy Medela bags because I have their pump and I trusted the brand name . Unfortunately , these bags did n't live up to my expectations . They are small , making it difficult to pour milk into them without spilling . The pump attachments work fine , but it 's difficult to juggle the horns and the bags at the same time , and there 's no way to set them down without spilling , especially if you 're pumping both sides at the same time . Finally the zip-lock is terribly unreliable . I ca n't tell you how often I set down a bag that was `` sealed '' , only to have it dump over and leak . These bags have been very frustrating to use .
 I have used these bags and the lansinoh bags and I prefer the lansinoh bags.My complaints with the medela bags : Only holds 5oz . While 5oz may be good for younger babies , my 10 month old goes through 2 6oz bags at daycare.These bags are not very tall so when you are trying to get the air out before closing it is very difficult to do so with out spilling milk . Especially if you fill them with 5oz , you hardly have any room to squeeze the air out at the top.I find the seal difficult to close , I am always running my fingers over the seal to make sure it is properly closed.They do not freeze flat , the bottom of the bag ` puffs out ' . It 's a minor complaint , but I store my frozen bags upright in a rectangular tupperware container . Freezing flat allows me store more bags in a container.I prefer to pour milk from my collection bottles in to the bags . The way the top of the bag is designed , I find it hard to pour the milk in without splashing the top part of the bag . I always have to use a napkin to wipe milk away.I really like medela products as a whole , but their bags just do n't impress me . On the plus side , they have never leaked .
 This is my first Amazon review . I usually do n't write reviews but I wanted to warn other mothers that they may not get what they are expecting . I expected to receive the medela bag represented in the photo with the yellow tape/strap that wraps around the pump . However , I got a different version of the bag which has `` easy-connect adapters '' . To be fair , the description of the product does indicate this . So pay attention to details ! Easy ? Not really . These new bags are , in my opinion , more troublesome to use . It requires the use of a plastic connector between the pump & the bag which is yet another piece that needs to be washed & sterilized . Futhermore , it feels more precarious to me as the bag dangels on the connector hooks . Look , I do n't know about you , but I have spilled milk while pumping a number of times . It 's easy to do when you 're zonked from little sleep . The last thing I want to do is feel nervous it 'll spill while pumping AND have to do more dishwashing . It 's also messier when you pull the pump out . Anyway , I hope some of you see this so you 're not surprised like I was . The worst part is that I ordered 5 boxes ! I 've never returned anything on Amazon but I 'm going to have to this time . So frustrating ...
 The hole at the top of the bag for the connector causes quite a bit of difficulty when you are trying to pour milk into or out of the bags . I 've accidently spilled milk a few times which is very frustrating considering it is like liquid gold . Perhaps if Medela made this new style like the old where you could rip off the top and thus remove the portion where the holes are after you 've pumped that would solve the problem ? Overall I am hoping I can find a few boxes of the old style with the tape available somewhere .
 I love the Medela Pump and Save bags , but these bags -LRB- with the adapter -RRB- are terrible . It is extremely difficult to pour the milk out after you defrost it because of the hole at the top -LRB- and because the top of the bag is much longer than the previous bags . It is also difficult to pour the milk into the bag if the bag is n't hooked up to the pump . I do n't have a Medela pump , but I have liked their breastmilk bags much better than the Lansinoh bags . Maybe they would work better if you have a Medela pump and can hook the bag right up to the pump - though the accuracy of the amount on the bags has never been quite right . Either way , I do not recommend these bags and am hoping Medela continues to offer the bags that do n't include the adapter .
 These bags are a nice idea in theory but have many flaws :1 -RRB- The measurement is only approximate , which if you 're a pumping mom , is annoying .2 -RRB- The zipper-closure is AWFUL . I hurt my fingers nearly every time I try to close each bag and it is nearly impossible to squeeze the extra air out of the bag before closing . Even when closed all the way , milk can still leak most of the time .3 -RRB- The bags are difficult to get on and off the adapter . It takes twisting and turning just the right way and the first time I tried , I broke a bag .4 -RRB- They are FAR too expensive to be this problematic.Do yourself a favor and just stick to the Lansinoh bags ... they are the best .
 The item pictured is the Medela pump and save breastmilk bags with the yellow adhesive going over the top . The item you will receive is the bags with the adapters . Having used the bags with the adhesive before I quickly ordered thinking what I would get is what is pictured . I have yet to use the bags with the adapters to compare . My only concern so far is that the adapters will hold the weight and it is another piece to clean .
 I stored some in the freezer for when I go back to work . After only two weeks in the freezer , I defrosted one to see how easily things would go , needless to say , after warming it up , the smell was horrific . I had some Lanisoh bags and I defrosted one of those , much better . If you end up with this box , I would not suggest freezing , store in the fridge with the four day rule then toss .
 These are the worst possible version of this product available . They tear when you try to open them , they do n't stand up properly , the markings are useless for approximating the volume of milk , and trying to pour milk back out of them is more painful than giving birth all over again . Avoid these like the plague !
 The bags are nice in that they cut out the middle man for freezing , but the oz measurement is off by about 2 oz and they spill easily .
 These bags were a waste of money ! I HATED them . I only bought them because they say you can pump directly into them . Well , it 's not that easy to do that . I tried it once and did n't like it . I prefer to just pump into a bottle and then pour it into the bags . It 's so much easier . And for just plain milk storage the bags did n't seal well so they leaked . Also , I like to store my milk flat so they defrost faster . These bags do n't lay flat . I have switched to Dr. Brown 's bags . They are much better . I 've never had any issues with leaking.Other Medela products are great but this one missed the mark BIG TIME !
 These are not my favorite . I find them very awkward to use . Several times , I have had the milk spill out of the bag while pumping . I have been very careful in attaching them , but depending on how I sitting , the bag tends to fold and then the milk spills . I usually just pump in the bottle and pour into the bag to freeze . I also find it hard to close them without having milk gush out . They also do n't lie flat in the freezer making them hard to stack . I will not be buying this type of bag again . .
 Product sent to me was not the product described or pictured
 We have twins and are having frozen breast milk shipped to us via fedex twice a week on a combination of wet ice and freezer packs in a styrofoam container -LRB- Insulated Shipping Containers , 133/4 '' x 113/4 '' x 117/8 '' ; http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ZJSH3I/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_6 -RRB- . The bags were not overfilled and were frozen flat . We found out early that some bags do not hold up well so I ordered every single breast milk bag I could and kept track of how they did -LRB- I am a scientist -RRB- . Here are the results from worst to best -LRB- NOTE
 Hoped that this would save me steps -- but just tried it and milked leaked everywhere -LRB- including my clothes , floor , table -RRB- . Boo ! Love the idea , but this is n't a helpful product .
 I 've never been a huge fan of Medela products because Lansinoh is just as good and a lot less expensive . However , I grabbed these bags because I pump at work and being able to pump directly into bags would save the time . I was horribly wrong . Cleaning up spilled milk takes longer than transferring to bags from bottles . These are really awkward to use if you only have two hands -LRB- which I 'm pretty sure most , if not all nursing moms do -RRB- . The seals are really finicky and I 'm always scared the bags are going to bust open in my pump bag on the way home from work . I 've also had issues with the holes for the attachment `` hooks '' ripping . Add in the limited space for milk -LRB- 5 oz as opposed to Lansinoh 's 6oz bags with room to spare -RRB- and the milk that gets above the zipper seal while you 're pumping -LRB- even with a Pump In Style -RRB- , and these are just a bad product . I bought two boxes of Lansinoh bags today and I 'll never try to switch brands again !
 Beware . The bags are expensive compared to other bags . I have had problems with leakage when I thaw milk . Also , it 's hard to pour milk out of the bag . I 'm disappointed in this product
 These bags sound like a great idea but I found them to be next to useless . They work fine when you 're pumping , but they are hard to close so that all of the air gets out of them . The Lansinoh bags are much easier in this regard , and have a double seal at the top . The pump and save bags do n't lie flat in the freezer , so they take up much more space . And they 're designed terribly in terms of pouring the defrosted milk out of the bag - you have to pour along the side seam , but because the top is curved , you lose some of the milk as you 're pouring . As a result , they do n't save any time or clean up hassle . I find it easier to pump into bottles and use the Lansinoh bags .
 When I received this product it smelled musty . I sprayed a fabric freshener on it and placed it outside all day thinking it would air out . It did not ! So I went to Meijer , Walmart , and Babies R Us and all the ones I opened in the stores smelled musty too . I think it is a bad batch ! I will always smell a pack n play from now on !!
 Not sure the chemicals used , but could n't handle the horrible smell-it did n't get better after several days . Decided the odor was n't something I wanted my baby smelling for 12-14 hours a day . Amazon made it so easy to return , thank goodness !
 My wife had this item on her baby shower registry and it was one of the few items we got without researching fully first . Everything I 've read when buying cribs is a FIRM mattress is the best way to reduce suffocating/SIDS risks . The `` mattress '' that comes with this pack & play is much softer than the one in our crib , and very lumpy and bendable . It feels like it is 4 pieces of hard cardboard with foam on top . My sister 's pack and play mattress is much sturdier - it feels like particle board underneath and does not bend and sag under moderate pressure like this unit . We will be returning it this weekend and shopping at a brick and mortar store just so we can touch the mattress first before buying . Very disappointing since I 'd much rather buy everything from Amazon .
 i bought this pack n play for travel & to leave at my in laws house when they baby sit my 6 month old baby . we first noticed that the mattress does not lay flat , it slopes to one side , it is not very firm & overall seems very flimsy.most alarming to us was that my son got hurt rubbing his foot a little while on the extremely rough fabric mesh on the side causing a considerable amount of bleeding . we will no longer use this pack n play for fear of him getting hurt . when i spoke to a representative from graco they said the best they could do is refund the cost of the pack n play once they have it back in their possession . unfortunately , i do not live in the united states & they will not pay for the shipping to get it back to them.we have in our home another graco pack n play that is made better , stronger , the mesh is much softer & my son has never hurt himself in it .
 This product arrived with one rail that wo n't lock . I do n't know if I will take the trouble to send it back , but I will surely not buy anything from this company again and will advise friends or family likewise.All that said , there was one problem not related to the quality of the construction . The assembly instructions are on the inside floor of the playard . The first instruction is to raise the rails , the rails cover the floor . Honestly , the instructions are UNDER the first thing you are supposed to move . In addition the instructions are not readable once the rails are up because they are on the floor of the playard , too far away to see well enough to read !! My vison is n't perfect , but it is n't bad . I can usually read anything but the very smallest print . But I could n't read the assembly instructions.I 'll make it work because I need it NOW , but wo n't need it for long . Obviously I ca n't pass this along to anyone else once I am done with it . Maybe that was their intent.REVISION
 I was excited when I receive this product . I have had this product and been using it 2.5 mths now and very disappointed . The bassinet sunk in the middle with the weight of the baby . My daughter was born at 5lbs 11oz and is now at 10lbs , so it is not a heavy baby . She sleeps in it only at night and no other time . The bassinet has for parts that lay cross section of playyard and the middle two has sunken . It looks very uncomfortable watching my daughter sleep in it as her head then straddles the groove which is flat to the one which is sunken . It is unfortunate that this product was not engineered to consider the support required for the middle . I will post a picture of this as soon as I can .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I do n't know how many times my fingers have gotten caught in the pack ` n play when I am trying to break it down and unlock the sides . I thought this thing was suppose to be for convenience not butchering your fingers ?! How many of you have gotten ouchies from a pack ` n play ? I 'm just glad little fingers are not strong enough to unlock the sides and get their fingers caught !
 For some reason , this had a strong smell . . kinda like horse poop . This one and another one I bought at the store . . Graco has some stuff that smells really bad . . But I went to walmart and bought another one and it didnt smell at all . Must have been a bad batch or something . Same issue with the joovy one .
 perfect for visits from Grandbaby . Easy to assemble . Takes little space . Wheels easily from room to room . Serves as a dressing table and crib now , and will convert to a playpen as baby gets bigger . Basic features , very functional . Absolutely worth the reasonable price .
 I was very disappointed in this pack n play . The mat that you lay inside once the frame is set up does not lay straight . Instead you get a lumpy uneven surface which could be in my opinion a suffocation hazard . I am surprised this model has not been recalled for this reason . Save your money and get a different model .
 Maybe ours was a dud , but the mattress bunches up after putting on sheets , causing a large bump right in the middle . It 's impossible to place our child sleeping not on the bump , so I imagine sleeping in the Pack 'N Play is n't very comfortable for him . Fortunately we are only using it on trips .
 BASSINET WAS GREAT . THE STABILITY OF THE PACK IN PLAY WHEN I PUT REMOVED THE BASSINET WAS POOR . THE BOTTOM SWAYED WHEN I SAT MY SON DOWN IN IT . : -LRB-
 I bought this model to replace my old Fisher Price model after my 4-yr-old broke the side rail climbing out . My second child is 10 months old and past the newborn stage so I was looking for a play yard without the bassinet , mobile , changing station , etc. that come with more expensive models . Even though this came with the bassinet it was rated well and was very inexpensive so I went for it . I set it up immediately upon arrival and was just as immediately disappointed . The feature that bothered me the most was the floor pad and how poorly it fit into the bottom . In my Fisher Price play yard the pad anchored under 4 corner pockets and hardly came up at all . Also in the FP model , the pad sat firmly on the leg braces making a very stable floor for sleeping or playing . In this Graco model the floor does have velcro anchors that attach it to the bottom nylon but the floor could still be pulled up despite being velcoed down . Also , the bottom hangs an inch or so above the support rods something like a hammock which did not make a very stable floor on which to stand or sit . The combination of the floor not anchoring securely and the hammock effect made the floor push up on the side of the play yard the baby was n't on . I just did n't think it would be comfortable or completely safe so I sent it back . I have since purchased aGraco Element Pack n Play - Erinthat has the corner pockets inside the play area and has tabs on the bottom of the floor pad that come through the floor and snap the pad down to the cross braces . It also has the velcro tabs which pull through like the cheaper model . The Element model was almost twice as expensive but , as I said , you get what you pay for .
 I bought this pack n play to use in my bedroom as a bassinet for my newborn daughter . After I set it up , I noticed the mattress would not lay flat with or without a sheet . I went to babies r us and looked at all the Graco 's and all of the mattresses had the same issue . I ended up buying a Chicco and I love it . The mattress cover on the Chicco also comes off for easy washing , something Graco does not have . The Chicco is a lot more expensive , but it 's a lot more sturdy and the mattress actually lays flat . I was unable to return it because I had it for too long before I opened it , so I will probably leave it at grandma 's house as a back-up .
 We liked this product intially and the price was fair , but after only 3mos of occasional usage one of the sides broke/won ' t latch .
 I received this as a registry item . I am very disappointed in the product . I only just opened it b/c my daughter is beginning to learn to crawl and we need a safe location for her while we get ready in the morning or cook dinner . Unfortunately b/c the mattress is so flimsy and she does n't crawl yet , she falls over very easily -LRB- even with a boppy to hold her up -RRB- . The mattress bends both ways and does not use the legs to support it . I am looking to replace or return this item . The bassinet -LRB- which we never used -RRB- is a little more sturdy b/c of the metal bars , but she 's too big and pulls herself over to the edge and could pull herself up and over.My sister has a great pack and play -LRB- at my mom 's -RRB- where the bottom does not bend the opposite direction , which I think makes it a ton more sturdy.Very disappointed .
 It 's cute enough , but the mattress is terrible . My baby somehow bent the `` boards '' with his weight -LRB- 9-10 lbs -RRB- and it did n't lie flat . We ended up putting support under the mattress which you 're probably not supposed to do , but it helped a lot . I probably would n't buy this one again . I had a similar one with my daughter and it was fine , so I 'm not sure what the deal is .
 I bought this one because I had read about the strong smell of some of the other Graco pack and play porducts online , and I had seen no such reviews for this one . MY mistake ! this one too stinks so badly that I get headaches . God knows what it 'll do to a little baby , so I returned it.Oh and it probably wo n't fit through your doors unless you pack it .
 Not at all what I expected . I bought this brand playpen to replace a Graco playpen I had for many years in which it was pass down to my children . I loved it at first the size was just right , however it 's only been about a month and it 's squeaking everytime my 20lb 1 year-old moves aroundin it . It wobbles from side to side . Such disapointment , at this rate i do n't how long this one will stick around for . I guess they make them like they used too. : -LRB-
 THIS PLAYARD HAS A STRONG UNPLEASANT ODOR ! MOSTLY ON THE MATTRESS . THANKS TO AMAZON FOR FAST RETURN !
 We bought a pack n play for our first baby , she slept in the bassinet part for the first 4 months or so , poorly , I might add . Then a year and a half later , we are setting it up for our newest baby due in a few weeks , and the mattress has a giant bend in the middle that will not flatten out , it is n't safe for a newborn to sleep on , it 's all bunched up and you ca n't even get a sheet on it . We only used it for that first four months and then a little bit of play pen time , maybe 10-15 times . This is soooo poorly made . Went to GRACO webiste for a replaement and of course it is OUT OF STOCK ! hahah , that 's because everyone has to buy one . Buying another pad from another company to fit it is nearly $ 40 !!! Such a mistake , I really do not advise anyone to buy any of the GRACO pack n plays ... find another atlternative .
 We were given an older Graco pack n ' play a while back and it was stiff and wanted something more comfortable for our 1 yr old to sleep in while traveling ... so we did n't need all the bells and whistles for newborns that some of them come with.I 've seen newer models that friends had that were nicer -- softer pad , sturdier bottom , and small flaps in the corners to keep it more secure . I thought by ordering a newer Graco that this would be the case with all of them -LRB- but I did n't want the `` Travel '' model I saw listed here because I was afraid it might not be as comfortable ... well , I was right , as I can see from this model.The title does n't indicate that this is a travel model , but it is . I thought the box looked a bit small and when I set it up I found that the bottom was more flimsy and the pad was n't anymore comfortable than the old one I was looking to replace . I was very disappointed and would n't have ordered this model had I known . Yes , it 's a bit more compact and maybe a little lighter , but not worth the fact that it 's not as comfortable for my baby . I went to Babies R ' Us today with a coupon and only spent 10 more dollars and ended up with a regular size model that I 'm happy with .
 So I had this on my registry on another site , and am sad to say that each time I rec 'd this product -LRB- 3x within the span of a week -RRB- the mattress was defective . I contacted Graco , and they told me that they could get me a new mattress in over a month ... anyway , I 'm frustrated with the mattress pad because it has several dents the size of a baby 's head , which seems like a huge suffocation risk ! There is no way I would let my baby sleep on this . I am hoping that there are other pack and plays that do not have mattress pads that are lumpy and saggy . I 'm now wondering if I should go with another brand or another model ?
 I bought this pack n play as a back up bed to keep at grandmother 's house . It is easy to use and good quality , however , the mattress has a very strong toxic smell . I did n't want to put my baby down in it because of the strong smell . I 'm airing it out right now and I 'm going to try to cover it up with a waterproof mattress pad to see if that will mask the smell . Ca n't be that healthy for baby to inhale all those toxin when sleeping ...
 My daughter and I both bought this product thinking the bassinett feature would be a good daytime nap spot for her newborn . Within 2 weeks , both mattresses started bending in the middle and became so lumpy we could not put the baby on it . This product should not be sold as a bassinette option . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 We wanted to use this as a crib for our baby 's first months when he was sleeping in our room . We also wanted to use it for travel . Unfortunately the mattress is really flimsy and does n't lay flat . Also the bassinet does n't have adequate support frame so it really sags in the middle . I try to lay my baby in it longways and he ends up perpendicular as he gradually slides down into the divot . It seems like there is a propensity for the baby to roll over because of this sag/slant . We put a giant piece of cardboard under the mattress as a support and this helps some but it still sags in the middle gradually as the cardboard starts to give.My mom also bought a Graco pack n play for when we are visiting and it has a simliar issue even though it is a more expensive model . Apparently Graco does n't make them like they used to . My mother in law has an old Graco pack n play and it has an awesome bassinet that does n't sag at all.We are looking to buy a new pack n play as the sag is so bothersome to us .
 We received this as a gift and have been using it as a bed for our baby for several months now . At first we liked it and he seemed comfortable , but now the bottom of the mattress has warped horribly and is completely unusable . I did n't realize immediately how bad it had really become , but there are serious hills and valleys , I feel awful for our poor baby . If we had only wanted to use this as a bed every now and then for brief trips or occasional visitors it might have been alright , but this was clearly not designed for everyday use .
 I am so annoyed at the poor quality of the mattress in this pack and play . I hesitate to call it a mattress , because it 's really a fold up board . My 16 pound , 5 month old baby was apparently too heavy for it , because after a week it has warped under her weight . Yes , my baby is a chunky monkey , but should n't this product be sturdy enough to last more than a week ? I wondered why this pack and play was so much cheaper than the others , and maybe this is why . Perhaps if you only need to use this for one or two days at a time it will work for you . Not for long trips .
 I received the playard three weeks ago and still have not been able to completely get rid of the very strong mildew odor . I have washed all the parts of this playard with several recommended remedies to rid it of the odor but none have been effective in doing so . I do n't know where this item was stored before it was shipped but it is dangerous to distribute items for babies or anyone else in this condition . Mildew can be very dangerous if not deadly to people with allergies and respiratory ailments . Babies especially should not be exposed to any odors as strong as this was . The only reason I did not return this item was because I knew that I would only get another one exactly like it . I am not happy wih this purchase . I think that all items should be inspected for problems such as this before they are shipped especially in light of the fact that many people pay extra for express shipping only to get something they ca n't use . Another thing is that I know Graco products and I am sure that this is not defect in manufacturing .
 Graco makes great products , but this one was not up to par . The main problem was that this particular Pack 'n Play does n't have the four corner tabs that the floor sort of snaps into . When our very petite daughter would stand at the edge , her weight would cause the floor to slip and she would slowly drop a few inches down . Life threatening ? No . But it was not very stable . I assumed all Pack n ' Play products had the corner tabs that make for a secure floor . We ended up purchasing another Graco model and it has been perfect .
 Chemical odor wo n't go away and mattress lumpy . Returned . Not good for baby . Tried to air out . Did n't help . Too bad .
 I got one of these as a gift . I never use it . There are major flaws with these slings .1
 i like the idea of the sling but the design of ring and its weaknesses and fabric material makes it very difficult to adjust once the baby is inside due to the gravity of the baby . also due to that i 'm not sure if the baby is in proper position or not or it could affect the bone of my baby . dont recommend this unless the fabric is softer and ring is stronger to easily adjust
 It is just too difficult to use it . It 's just been sitting there . Maybe I am the type who does n't like to read instructions ; they seems to long to read . When I try it on with my baby , it does n't seems to work .
 I wish I never bought this product . It is really really uncomfortable to adjust and always has extra fabric hanging in the area where the baby should be sitting , so it never supports her correctly . No wonder my baby hates it .
 Our DD hated this product . It nearly suffocated her , and caused what we think is painful bending in the neck and spine . She still hates it at 4 months , but loves the Baby Bjorn.I think it will be more useful when she is 6-9 months old , but I see no reason to kill your back with this when the Bjorn works so well .
 I bought this sling for my newborn and I LOVED the idea of a sling so I could have my hands free while holding him close . It is VERY difficult to use this sling without feeling like baby 's head is either `` chin-crunched '' or flopping all around . Maybe I 'm over cautious but only once did I feel comfortable with him in it . I did return this sling only because of useage issues . The fabric , instruction manual , pattern and rings all seemed just fine . It was a little more pink in color than I thought it would be . If you 're looking for an alternative I spent the extra money on the Moby wrap and I am THRILLED with it . It 's not difficult to use once you get a routine down and baby seems a lot more secure and I 'm a lot more comfortable .
 I took a babywearing class led by someone who helps make the international rules for babywearing . She told me that the rings used in this ring sling are craft rings , not babywearing rings . Now that I know what to look for , I can see that there really is a BIG DIFFERENCE ! These rings are tiny and flimsy compared with a real ring sling . That , coupled with the pointless padding along the rails of this sling make it impossible to adjust easily . I struggled to use this for the entire first month of my baby 's life and finally upgraded to a professionally made ring sling . The difference is unquestionable . I will say that the fabric in this sling is pretty , but it is also single-sided and very thin . I ended up giving it away to a friend to use as home decor . If you want a real ring sling , look for something condoned by Babywearing International ... or at least check their website for the features you should look for .
 Material waaaay to thin and flimsy . Ring does not hold weight of a baby . Baby could easily fall right out . Instructions terrible . Immediately bought me a Mosby wrap to use instead of this crap .
 This thing was too long . It was n't what i expected . I lost my money . Ca n't even used it and can not returned it because I already put the receipt in the garbage . What a waste !!!!!!!
 Yea , I received this product , opened it , packed it back up , sent it back . The thing is impossible to figure out how to use . Only positive is that I got my money back ASAP from Amazon : -RRB-
 Difficult to put on and get baby in , and I did n't `` trust '' it anyway , so I pretty much was holding the baby while using this thing , which defeats the purpose . IMO , it 's junk . Great idea though , if it actually worked . Overpriced piece of fabric is all it is .
 I thought for the price this one would be good , but it comes with poorly written instructions and it took two of us to get my son in it - once in it was not very supportive . I 'm putting it aside until he is a litte older to see if maybe it will work better for us then .
 I bought this one in pink-lavender stripes and found that it 's impossible to use it correctly and very uncomfortable for the child in it -LRB- the whole body and especially the neck -RRB- . I prefer the `` real '' carriers though . I would not recommend this type of carrier to anyone .
 I was still pregnant when I ordered this and a newbie babywearer at best . I wanted a ring sling and liked the padded shoulder and the low price of this item . Unfortunately the padded rails rendered it useless for me , as I could n't snug it up tight enough to use before the padding would hit the ring . I 'm 5 ' 5 '' and have an average build , so it 's not like I 'm super petite or anything . It was even too big for my husband who 's 6 ' with an athletic build . I may yet try cutting it apart to get some use out of it -LRB- I 'd already washed it before the baby arrived , and did n't realize until I 'd tried using it with him that it would n't work -RRB- , but ended up buying a different sling from Sleeping Baby that I absolutely love -- even if it was more than twice as expensive.I will say the Charcoal Parsemage was quite nice looking though !
 Cute design , but poorly made . The top does not stay on so it does n't work well as a keepsake box , I want to keep my son 's teeth secure not lose them .
 Makes odd creaking sound and does n't turn half the time . Considering how much they charge for this piece of plastic that is unacceptable .
 I have a baby jogger city mini double stroller . The protect-a-bub sun coverage would be good , but it is kind of unwieldy and does not fit that well on my stroller model . It might work better for other models .
 Im disappointed , no matter where I order these dumb things it 's always boy colors . This seller said they are specifically pink . Mine are 3 ugly colors on one pacifier . It looks like they made it with whatever parts are left at the factory . NOT PINK .
 I ordered this expecting what is displayed , but was sent a place mat that is all white with 6 outlined boxes on it with 1 , 2 , 3 and a , b , c in the middle of the boxes in yellow and red . I think it is ugly and not what I wanted . I email the seller and they got back to me right away apologizing saying there is a mistake in the ad and will refund my money , but I have yet to see a refund -LRB- this was a week ago -RRB- and I see they still have not changed the picture to show what you will actually get .
 I have not bought Huggies for more than a year and a friend sent me the amazon diaper special offer , thought it would be a great deal for both of my 25 months and 4 months -LRB- she was 2 months then -RRB- . After the 1st leaking problem , it reminded me the reason for not purchasing Huggies again . Now I am stuck with 4 cases of LEAKY Huggies .
 Okay , so I 'm like a lot of moms out there and thought that I 'd give this product a try . I must say that these diapers are definitely not worth the extra $ $ and I 'll stick with just plain ol' Pampers from now on.My complaint is not with leaking but with the dye that is used to decorate the outside of the diaper . The dye rubs off onto my baby 's skin and the inside of her clothes . Unfortunately , it is hard to remove from her skin without a bit of scrubbing -LRB- which of course , I hate to do because her skin is a bit sensitive -RRB- . Cute pooh bear designs are nice but I could do without them .
 IMPORTANT UPDATE - This stroller tips over on the slightest uneven ground . We were walking in the park one morning , and started down a paved path with a slight hill and the stroller did a nose dive with her strapped in . With the 70 lbs weight of the stroller on her she suffered a minor head contusion and a day spent in the ER for observations . Thank goodness she was not more severely injured . Buyer Beware!I bought this stroller to be different from the Bugaboo crowd in NYC . I loved the look of it &#150; stylish , sturdy , durable , different ... But this thing is a giant . It weights a ton and is not easy to travel with . We have an Outback and it barely folds down enough to fit in the back.If you live in an apartment or house with stairs -LRB- we have 3 steps up to our front door -RRB- it is too big and heavy to carry with one person , so be warned . My baby is 7 months now and I am heading out to buy a Maclaren Stroller .
 I got this for my son 's stroller for our trip to Asia . It lasted one plane ride . When we got to our destination , the strap broke , the seams started coming off . Not a well made product . It 's supposed to be for rough use and it did n't even get through one trip .
 I write this review , not really having used the stroller bag . For a recent flight I tried to put the stroller into the bag at the gate , thinking the fit would be no problem . My other stroller -LRB- for an older child -RRB- is a Maclaren , and I have traveled with it many times and used a Maclaren stroller bag on flights , without problem . For this trip , I had a Graco Snugride stroller frame -LRB- a basic stroller frame that is only usable when you put your baby 's carseat into the frame -RRB- . I thought the stroller would be small enough for this stroller bag . But the wheels made the stroller too wide to fit into the bag . Traveling with a 6-month old and another young child by myself , I do not have the capacity to take off wheels to put a stroller into a bag , and then re-attach the wheels once off the flight . I was surprised that this most basic kind of stroller -LRB- just a metal frame with wheels used to hold a carseat -RRB- was too wide for this bag . The bag seemed sturdy enough to travel well , but why did they design it so narrow ? It only needed a few more inches of material to close around the stroller fine . Even three airline employees at the gate were attempting different ways to get the stroller into the bag and agreeing the design did not make sense . This was not money well spent .
 I 've put this border up twice and both times it 's fallen down about an hour later . The first time I thought it was because we did n't follow the directions very well . The second time we followed them to a ` T ' , and it still came down . We 're going to try one last time with clue , but I do love the pattern , and it goes with both the peek-n-pooh pattern and the soft and fuzzy pooh pattern . We 're doing most stuff except the border soft and fuzzy pooh , the new pattern that just came out .
 My wife and I purchased this border to go with the rest of the nursery ... We love the design , however , as with the other reviewer , the border did not stick to the walls at all ... We followed the directions to a `` T '' and an hour later , it fell off the wall in a crinkled mess ... We were able to put it back up with wallpaper adhesive , but it was quite a hassle . You would think that at fifteen dollars a strip , the self adhesive would be a little more reliable ...
 We thought the colors were gender neutral , we painted the ceiling blue , the walls yellow , both a shade darker than the border and all white furniture and figured we would add pink Pooh accesories if girl , blue if boy . ALAS , it took my husband 4 trys to get this border up . Following the directions did n't help , then spray adhesive and then finally roll on wall paper glue . Buy 1-2 extra rolls , you are going to need them . For the price we paid you would think it would go on easier . My husband only had 1 week vacation to get the room done and the majority of it was spent running to Home Depot and pasting on the border . If we had to choose again we would not get this border . It was n't worth our time .
 I liked the product , but as the supplier sent just one -LRB- I ordered 2 -RRB- I face a problem . It does n't cover the whole wall . I checked the internet site of toysRUS but they do not sell it on internet . So it is an unpleasent situation .
 I ordered this product from Rymatt Wellness LLC assuming it would arrive in the packaging that is pictured in - absolutely not true . It arrived in a ziplock baggie which makes me think it 's used and it 's definitely false advertising . Gross !
 Although they look very similar , these membranes DO NOT fit the Medela Special Needs Feeder -LRB- Haberman -RRB- . These have an off-center mount membrane , not a center-mount membrane that fits the Special Needs Feeder . Amazon does NOT sell replacement Special Needs Feeder membranes .
 These are just rubber membranes . There is no reason for them to be so expensive . But you have to buy them because you do n't have any other choice for the Medela pumps . Another annoying thing is that they tear very easily . After every use you have to clean them and if you are not careful they will tear . That is why I guess they have a 6-pack as opposed to 2-pack which is all you should really need . I am giving 2 stars but really what other option do you have ?
 I was trying to buy replacement parts for our son 's Haberman bottle , and found the nipples easily . Amazon recommended these membranes to go with it . Since the product description does n't specify what product these are compatible with , I ordered it , but they are completely different . The seller 's retun policy is such that it is n't worth the effort .
 Just received my Medela membranes in the mail . Was a little nervous bc of the mixed reviews . The membranes I received did come in Medela packaging . However , the package is opened at the corner , so it looks like the product was tampered with OR non-Medela product was placed into Medela packaging . Sold by Linen Manor LLC . Comparing the product to my previously store-purchased Medela membranes , they look identical but not sure if that means anything . Still debating whether to send it back .
 i recieved this product in the mail and all of the little pieces are all bent , they are not flat inorder to fit on the pump . It looks like they had been sitting around a long time , had been exposed to heat , and then curled up . Very disappointed
 I had this very teether for my twin boys 8 years ago and they absolutely loved it . So , when my new baby started teething , I sought out the same teether . I was surprised when it arrived and the packaging stated that the product is , `` safety tested '' for BPA , lead , and phthalates . It does not state ANYWHERE on the package that it is BPA free . As a former regulator -LRB- of medical devices -RRB- I am very sensitive about company labeling and statements . Perhaps too much so . But , I would rather err on the side of caution where my child is concerned , and the lack of clear `` BPA free '' labeling on this product gives me pause . Specifically , when they test it for BPA , lead , and phthalates , is there an acceptable amount allowed ?! If not , why would n't the company simply label the product as BPA , lead , and phthalate free?Eight years ago , when I gave this toy to my sons , no one had ever heard of BPA . My boys put all manner of plastic toys in their mouths , and I 'm sure it was all riddled with BPA . But , in this day and age , when BPA is strongly suspected of being dangerous , I can not in good conscience allow my new baby to chew on anything that MAY contain it . And , though someone on this site indicated that a representative from the company TOLD them it was BPA free , I 'm still skeptical . Again , why not label it as such ? Most companies proudly label their products with that simple language that can not be confused .
 Do n't waste your money , my son would rather suck on his fingers than to use this messaging corn teether . The massager really has to be squeezed in order to work . : -LRB-
 This teether may be a great product however when ours arrived it did not work . No matter how you squeezed it and tried it did not vibrate . It should be a requirement of the packing department to check the products before shipping them out to ensure they are working . Especially on a toy that says `` try me '' on the packaging .
 I thought this would be great for my teething baby , but the vibration freaks him out . He wants nothing to do with it . =-LRB- It might be a wonderful product for other babies , though ! It appears to be well-made .
 I bought this for my 8 month old newphew who LOVES jack-in-the-box toys . However , the quality of this toy is horrible . It came with some of the paint already scratched off and it NEVER worked correctly . The monkey would only `` pop out '' at random intervals when you pressed the lever . It was made of really cheap materials too . The little one could n't understand it . A cute idea - but NOT worth it . Buy something else !
 We have a large , new 2012 Samsung French door refrigerator with a large pull out drawer freezer and this did not work for us . It is very bulky and large . The photo is decieving because the bottom and sides are very thick and hollow which makes this more bulky than it appears . The idea is great and although it can store around 20 flat frozen bags upright , it wo n't help you once it 's full and I doubt many freezers can hold more than 1 of these organizers inside . I suggest that you lay your single milk bags down flat to freeze and then simply move it to gallon sized zip lock bags .
 I could n't fit very many of my milk bags in it . Also , please note they must be flat or this does n't work well . I took another reviewer 's suggestion and just use ziplocs , now .
 I hated them returned them as soon as I got them . They did n't hold as much milk and for the cost was n't worth it . I ended up going to the dollar store and buying stackable bins that work just as well in the freezer !
 I do n't own this but I freeze my breastmilk in ice cube trays that look exactly like this and cost $ 1.49 at Target a piece . Please save your money and get an ice cube tray , it 's the exact same thing !!
 Upon receiving this organizer , I was first disappointed with the quality . The cover is a milky transparent plastic - similar to a tupperware container - more than a clear plastic which the pictures indicated it would be . I read the box instructions on cleaning - `` dishwasher safe , top drawer only . '' Popped it in the dishwasher to clean , and when the cycle was complete I reassembled the box . The top cover was WARPED and now the box can not seal properly , which is part of the reason why I bought this container . Seems to me like I have some pricey junk on my hands .
 I was hesitant to buy this - took the tips of the other reviewers . I used the box that the lanisoh breast pads come in. , they store about 15 lanisoh bags -LRB- frozen -RRB- perfectly ! I just put the label portion on top and sort by date . I put the month outside w a sharpie !!! : -RRB-
 The Ziploc brand breastmilk bags fit PERFECTLY -LRB- I MEAN PERFECTLY -RRB- in a Mainstay Ice Cube Bin available at Walmart for $ 1.88 !! YOu can find it on the walmart website too !
 I was disapointed in this product . It claims to `` Maximizes space by freezing milk flat . '' . In my experience , putting the milk behind the spring loaded plate makes all the milk push to the top therefore freezing the bag in a very awkward way that takes more space . I prefer to lay the bag flat in the freezer then place it in the storage once it 's frozen flat . It also claims `` Works with most brands of milk storage bags . '' . When frozen flat the Lansinoh bags are too wide for the white base storage ; however they do fit in the clear cover when turned upside down and used as additional storage .
 This container is not quite wide enough to store Lansinoh bags . If you use it with Lansinoh bags -LRB- the best bags in my opinion -RRB- then you may tear the seams of your bags and lose the milk to freezer burn and/or leaking upon thawing . Other than that , this is a great product , just be sure that your bags will fit . I love the idea of this , but just be sure it 's compatible with the bags you use .
 I really liked this concept but find it to not be all that practical . I 've actually sent the item back . The container is rather bulky and is tall with the lid on . I tried using this with both Ameda and Lansinoh bags . The Ameda bags do not fit well because of the pour spout on the side . I froze my Lansinoh bags flat outside of this container as it gets them flatter . Otherwise the container would only flatten the milk into the bottom portion of the bag . By freezing the Lansinoh bag separately , it is very thin but is marginally too wide to fit in the storage container . I ended up just batching frozen milk in gallon size Ziploc bags for extra protection at the recommendation of a friend . That seems to work better for me than the limited storage capacity of the container .
 We had a plastic mat underneath our high chair for the first two years for our daughter ... It was very useful , the only downside being that it was n't that attractive and things sometimes got under it . All in all it was fine and we replaced it because it was getting worn out , and we thought we would get something more attractive and fun.Enter the Splashmat - we put it under the high chair and gave it a go - but we expected it to be a little tougher and thicker so that we could move a chair on it without it bunching up , and that it would stay flat . It does not stay flat - Every time we pull the chair in and out it bunches up and wrinkles . Though we can straighten it out , it requires constant attention and re-laying . Not what we needed , and we have stopped using it and folded it away to use for picnics or as a beach throw , we guess . It 's pretty and probably would be good for that , but fails as a under table mat to keep things clean .
 This is not my favorite splashmat . It 's too lightweight and tends to bunch up under the high chair . You want a sturdy , easy to clean , non mobile splashmat . It was easy to clean by throwing in the washer . I can probably use it for something else .
 I was seduced by the adorable design of this product and even after reading the mixed reviews decided to give it a try . Unfortunately , the product is way too thin and does not stay in place . Also , I fold up the high chair after each use and the material of the mat does n't allow for the high chair to slide open and shut.It 's on it 's way back to Amazon .
 I bought both a splat mat from sugar booger and mimi the sardine . The splat mat from sugar booger is so much better . This one from mimi just looks like someone unrolled a length of fabric and cut it . The mimi one is rectangular while sugar booger is square , but they 're pretty much the same size . I ca n't believe I spent $ 30 for a piece of fabric I could have cut myself .
 We had a plastic mat underneath our high chair for the first two years for our daughter ... It was very useful , the only downside being that it was n't that attractive and things sometimes got under it . All in all it was fine and we replaced it because it was getting worn out , and we thought we would get something more attractive and fun.Enter the Splashmat - we put it under the high chair and gave it a go - but we expected it to be a little tougher and thicker so that we could move a chair on it without it bunching up , and that it would stay flat . It does not stay flat - Every time we pull the chair in and out it bunches up and wrinkles . Though we can straighten it out , it requires constant attention and re-laying . Not what we needed , and we have stopped using it and folded it away to use for picnics or as a beach throw , we guess . It 's pretty and probably would be good for that , but fails as a under table mat to keep things clean .
 it 's small , it has porous surface , impossible to clean . total waste of money . We do 95 % of things organic for our kid -LRB- including clothes and most of the toys -RRB- so I ordered this mat ... stupid idea , really whoever let the kid eat food off a mat ... do n't buy it , this is just another company going overboard with unnecessary organic products , and I was stupid enough to fall for it . not worth it , not worth the money .
 I have been reviewing all different types of baby carriers and love my Maya wrap . I carry my 22 pound one year old on my hip in it and was looking for something more substantial to support him on my hip - after reading reviews I purchased this and when it arrived it was just what I was looking for ! I put it on and it looked great and the straps are SOOO long !!! I am 5 '10 and a size 18w - so I was expecting this to be small , but it was not at all ! Then before we left the house for the day I decided to give it a test run with my baby in it before we left and I am so glad I did ! As soon as I placed him in it - I hated it ! It made him sit so low that it was very uncomfortable . Then I tried to put the straps around my waist line instead of my hips and the straps had to be so tight around to keep him up that it was very uncomfortable ! The shoulder strap was also very little . Would be good for someone who has a little shoulder and a VERY tall toddler . still on the hunt for that perfect carrier ...
 I did a lot of research on hip carriers prior to buying this one and I was disappointed as soon as I opened the box . The first reason was because there were n't any instructions included ... ! I spent $ 80 and then had to go online to the manufacturer 's own website and download them myself ! VERY annoying . So , once I had the instructions , I got myself and my 7.5 mo son ready for our first attempt and I could not get him into this comfortably . He started crying straight away and he just hated it . I think the major flaw is that the carrier is basically one big rectangle . . your baby 's legs are meant to straddle this huge STRAIGHT seam , and all the fabric , and there was no way that he was going to be comfortable this way . Maybe this would work better for a larger baby/small toddler , but my 18lb son was just not going for this . I did manage to finally get the carrier on , and the shoulder ` cup ' kept slipping off , and I am not a narrow-shouldered person so I 'm not sure how this should work either . I returned this product the next day.Since then , I 've purchased a Playtex Hip Hammock and so far , so good ! No tears , just a MUCH happier baby and mom !
 I 'll echo what the lady said about the fact that this stupid thing is top-heavy and dangerous when the kiddos start crawling around , but it does the job -- that is until the fan stops working a few months in -- after the crappy 90-day warranty 's run out , of course . It eats D batteries too -LRB- it takes four -RRB- , but you 'd better hope the fan does n't bite it like it did on ours . The manufacturer wo n't replace it after 90 days and if the fan does n't work , the whole thing stinks to high heaven.Haven ' t used any other diaper disposal units , but this one sucks !
 I read reviews and had mixed feelings but I bought it anyways . I am almost wishing I had n't . I like how it uses regular bags , but that is about all I like . It is top heavy so when changing the bags I have to hold onto the top because I ca n't let it go or the hooks that hold it on will snap . The arms do n't open so I either have to hold the lid slightly open till the diaper falls in or I have to push it in - ya love that . Otherwise it just gets stuck in the arms and the bag does n't seal . The diapers also just fall straight in so there is a mound under the opening and there is just wasted space in the back . So when I push the diapers in I try pushing it towards the back . I just feel that this should not be necessary . It is really tough when the pail is 1/2 to 3/4 full . The lid is also loudish when opening and closing . The fan and filters did n't do that great a job of keeping the smell down . We installed the batteries , which was VERY difficult to get to . You have to pry it open with something and pop it open . We could n't use a screwdriver so we had to use the broken metal tab on a pants hanger . As I was changing the bag one day , the lid , again being so top heavy , slipped and fell off . The fan has not worked since . So we are just using it as a pail and the smell seems to have permeated into the fabrics in the room . It just reeks . And I 'm not just talking about the smell .
 You may be better off just buying a regular trash can that seals tightly . This `` diaper disposal system '' does an OK job of odor control , but opening and closing it makes a rather jarring noise every single time . It almost sounds as if the whole thing is breaking , really . Not a pleasant experience when trying to keep a baby calm .
 We had a Diaper Champ for 3 years , during the 3rd year the smell became unbearable , even after a soak in bleach . So , I replaced it with the First Years System . I thought that I was treating myself to something nice after enduring the smell from the last pail . I do n't know where to begin . I hate this thing . -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Says that it saves you money by not having to buy special bags , yet you have to replace 4 D batteries -LRB- they only lasted a month -RRB- and replacement filters . Where 's the saving in that ? -LRB- 2 . -RRB- I can not open the pail with one hand . So , I either have to take a hand off of my baby in order to use both to open the tight lid or come back and throw the diaper out later after I put the baby down somewhere safe . It 's not a matter of applying more strength to open it . The problem is the lid stays shut and the bag changing latch opens instead , so I have to use my second hand to hold down the bag latch so that just the lid opens . And that 's another issue . With the Diaper Champ , if I had a really sloppy diaper I could bypass the turning diaper shoot and just open up the bag latch to throw it directly in the bag . With this system , without going into the mechanics of how this works , you just simply ca n't do that . So even sloppy diapers have to go thru the shoot , which means extra wiping down of surfaces . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- I have to forcibly slam it shut and it 's fairly loud as other reviewers say . -LRB- 4 . -RRB- The `` odor blocking '' clamp that is suppose to open and shut with each use either stays open letting odors out or stays shut and does n't drop the dirty diaper through -LRB- either way I lose on that . -RRB- -LRB- 5 . -RRB- This smells horribly after only 4 months of use . I would rather get down on my hands and knees and sniff the cat box up close , then to open up the lid of this diaper pail . I wanted to return this but I could n't find the receipt . However , I ca n't take another 2 years of this , so I 'll have to break down and buy something new . I would recommend the so-so Diaper Champ 10 times over before this over-priced piece of junk . When I finally break down and buy a new diaper pail system , I look forward to smashing this thing to bits with a sledge hammer . That 's the only satisfaction that someone can get from this product .
 The only drawback to this product is the loud noise it makes when you close the lid and the fact that it only takes D batteries and does n't have a plug in option . But then again who cares about the noise ? Who really changes a diaper while their baby is asleep . And while the noise is nothing more than a loud pop if it bothers your baby then you seriously should start exposing your child to some noise , silence is n't good for children , LOL , just adults.Besides my complaints , it is ingenious . for the first time I do n't have to spend additional money to buy refills because it uses my kitchen trash bags which is a HUGE plus ! ! ! And it has a clean cut stylish look to it . It does n't look like just another trash bin . The air filters last a full 90 days before you have to change them which is also about the time you have to change the batteries . Each air filter refill box comes with two air filters for $ 10 - $ 14 and you ca n't beat that . Thats only approx . $ 20 a year plus the cost of batteries and trash bags . And inside the lid are two additional compartments for storing extra filters and batteries so they are right there when you need them.To use all you have to do is open the lid drop in the diaper and close the lid . The trash bag does n't actually open up until you are already closing the lid so at most you only catch a quick sniff of the contents .
 Nine times out of 10 the diaper does not fall into the bin and stays in place under the lid . You then have to wrestle with the jaws of the device , cursing as you try to poke the diaper into the bin with your elbow , the glorious smell of baby manure wafting up to tickle your nostrils . Do not buy this machine - you 'll end up putting the diapers in an envelope and sending them return receipt to First Years .
 I purchased this product without reading any reviews , and have become so frustrated with it , I am replacing after only a few months of use . My issues were similar to that of others here :1 -RRB- Lid is often difficult to open , and sometimes very loud when it closes .2 -RRB- Disposal access does not always open up -LRB- diaper sits in top area without going down into bag -RRB- . I find myself opening and shutting the lid 5-6 times to try to get the diaper into the bag , and when it does n't go , I have to hold the lid halfway open with one hand -LRB- to release the opening on the bag access -RRB- and shove the diaper down into the bag with the other hand . Gross .3 -RRB- I thought the filter was working -- the light came on -- assumed it was quiet . Realized a few weeks later that the fan was dead , and there was no more power light despite battery replacement .4 -RRB- Unit is top heavy when not full.I am sure there are better , easier to use products out there -- I would strongly suggest not purchasing this one .
 My daughter is nearly 21 months old , and I 've stuck with this First Years Diaper Disposal System throughout her babyhood . I 've stuck with it because I 'm stubborn and cheap , not because it 's good . Every couple of months , something else breaks . At this point , my Disposal System is beginning to look part Borg -- lots of add-on technology to keep it functioning . Both battery covers have broken , and my very handy hubby has had to install new screws to keep those buggers cinched down . The scissoring arms that are supposed to open up to drop in the offending diapers ? Both have broken at least once each , and in different places . Right now , this thing is torn apart so that we can figure out why one of the scissoring arms is n't working ... again.Pros : No specific bags needed.Does a good job containing smell when everything is working.Cons : Needs a full-time handyperson to keep the plastic parts shored up after breaking.Parts break with stunning regularity.Overall : Really not worth it . Save your money . This disposal system will be broken as often as it works . : - -LRB-
 it does n't work -- you have to shove the dirty diapers down the `` hatch '' . The lid makes a loud noise when you shut it . We 're throwing it away after a couple of weeks of use !!
 We got rid of this after desperately trying to like it for 6 months . The first 3 months , the diapers would n't fall down the chute because they were ` too light . ' So we waited until the diapers got heavier . Then , even after diapers got heavy , we 'd still find diapers that had n't been pushed down by the hi-tech piece of plastic that was supposed to do the job.The filters are expensive , as are the 4 D batteries needed to run the filter . The filter never really filtered anything . I know , because I 've replaced this with a hand cranked diaper champ , which still smells somewhat , but no worse than this product.I was so happy to finally bring this out to the dumpster . Total junk disguised as new technology .
 So we got one of these for our first baby . It seemed like a really good idea at first , offering a filtration system , ability to use regular garbage bags ... What more could a busy parent want ??? The unit uses a charcoal filtration pad , some 'D ' sized batteries , and a little plastic plunger that is located on the inside of the lid that pushes the diapers past some plastic jaws that help contain the `` items '' and down into the bin.After the first couple of months , the first set of batteries died . No big deal , just replace them . Soon after , the `` dirty diaper smell '' started to emanate from the can . After changing the filter , about a week later one of the covers that holds the D batteries in place popped off and no matter what we tried to get it to stay in place -LRB- because it was responsible for the negative current on the batteries -RRB- , short of actually gluing it in place , we could n't get it to stay connected to the batteries . So at this point , no more air filtration system ... The next problem came about when the plunger device that was connected to the inside of the lid came off in one of the diaper bags . Unfortunately for us , neither my wife or I noticed this and so the plunger was lost forever . Next failure came when the jaws that contain the `` items '' broke . At this point , one of the jaws still opens and closes , sort of , and the other stays closed unless we forcibly move it open.With all of this said , we still have the bin and our child is three and a half years old . But the bin is just that at this point , a bin with a lid that smells like diapers ... Like I mentioned in the beginning , it would have been more cost effective to simply get a garbage bin ...
 I have had problems with this stinky pail since my grandson was born . It falls over , the lights do n't come on , the fan has never run , the replacement filters are super expensive -LRB- to say nothing of the 4 D batteries I keep buying -RRB- , its a pain to replace the bag and , worst of all ... it smells to high heaven . I can now smell it when I enter the house . The final blow was when the plastic piece that pushed the diaper into the bag fell into the bag with all the diapers from the week and I had to fish it out . Gross !!
 This product does not work . mechanism to take the diaper from top into the waste basket is terrible and does not work . A complete waste of money .
 Believe the other poor reviews - this thing is difficult to operate and it WILL break before your child is out of diapers . Even if you think you are getting a good deal , you will have to spend good money after bad to buy a better brand . The design is hopelessly flawed and the lid hinges are guaranteed to break . On ours , one broke off completely and we discovered that the others were also cracked . No way to fix the plastic . I would not take one of these for free because I know that it is destined for the landfill . Zero stars !!!
 I registered for this item back when I was pregnant with my son . I liked how you could use any garbage bag instead of specific ones for this product , but that 's the only good thing about this . I have a theory , anything that needs multiple D size batteries might as well have plug . Needless to say the batteries did n't last long at all for the filter and I have n't changed them since because A
 The diaper pail was great for the first 6-8 months ... and then stopped working completely ... It is also so completely engineered without the consideration of having an actual baby . It 's very loud and easily tips over . Because it does n't work it always smells , even after putting only the diapers with urine in the pail , and throwing the others in our garbage in our garage . Our garage does n't seem to smell from the diapers either . Hmm ... The only good part of the pail was that you could use regular tall trash bags instead of having to by expensive refills.I would not recommend this product to anyone . I replaced mine with Diaper Champ Deluxe and this works much better ... quiet , easy to use with one hand ... cheaper ... uses regular trash bags ... and I found out the pediatrician uses the same one at their office .
 I do n't know where to start . Maybe with the idea that not a single one of the engineers who made this product could possibly have had children or experience with infants . Who ever made this went so overboard with the design/equipment -LRB- trying to make this the end-all-be-all diaper disposal system -RRB- that they lost track of the functionality and reality of the product ... which then makes me wonder how the folks in their marketing dept. could possibly give this unit the thumbs-up ... anyway I digress , I will make this review simple , detailed and effective .1 . The mechanism used to clamp the plastic bag shut is so loud and startling , that there is no way who ever designed this product has ever changed a diaper on a baby at 3:30 am . Let 's put it this way - the first time I used it in the middle of the night , it was so startling to the baby that it 's a good thing she 's wearing a fresh diaper when I closed the lid.Amazed at how loud something that is to be used in a nursery can be , I used my friend 's decibel meter to measure how loud this noise really was ... ready ? It peaked at 97 dB -LRB- using the decibel scale values -RRB- - which puts it at the same noise level of a subway train . Now of course the noise the diaper disposal makes is acute and not sustained like subway train rolling by - but just imagine a split second jolt of noise , infiltrating your nursery , equivalent of that to a subway train . Okay , next .2 . The clamp mechanism is very heavy and situated at the top of the unit . Now I do n't know where they get the `` 7.4 pounds '' listed in the item description above but when I measured the unit -LRB- with no bag -RRB- it came to 11 pounds 4 ounces . So picture this ... you have a very lightweight plastic unit that narrows as it approaches its base with all of its weight located at the top . Why is this important ? It 's two-fold .2 a . When you flip open the lid to remove/replace the full bag , the unit falls over backwards every time . Not just some of the times , every time . Which of course makes changing the bag just absolutely ridiculously difficult , awkward and laborious .2 b . Now that our girl is 9 months old and has been mastering crawling and climbing up things for 3 months - we have to remove the diaper disposal unit from her nursery if we 're letting her roam free in there . All it took was one time for her to crawl up to and pull herself up using the unit for it to easily topple over and nearly catch her underneath -LRB- again , good thing she was wearing a diaper , if you know what I mean -RRB- 3 . The auto-cycle fan in the filtration system is so quiet you wo n't even believe it 's running ... . oh wait , it 's because it 's not running ! Yes , after inserting 4 D-cell batteries into the unit nothing happened other than a green light turns on . My father-in-law , who is an electrical and mechanical engineer , could n't figure out why the fan was n't working and simply stated that , `` all that battery power must be to needed to run the green light `` Granted this might just be a problem for the particular unit we happened to purchase , but it 's just another drop in this diaper disposal 's ocean of futility .4 . Lastly , her nursery reeks of human-factory-processed winter squash , peas , carrots , prunes , etc. . . Now this can easily be attributed to the fact its filtration system has never worked , but then what is the industrial-strength clamp and lid 's function ? I have litter boxes for our cats that do a better job of containing the odors and they have open entrances for the felines.Unfortunately between a massive week-long blizzard preventing us from returning it to Babies R Us and the fact we 're so sick of cheap plastic junk in our society filling our landfills , we 're stuck with this thing . Of course it happens to be sitting in our shed out back not being used.I 've never used or experienced any other disposal systems so I ca n't recommend any other products to you , but all I can do is persuade you from buying/using this one.Meanwhile we 're using a good ol' fashion garbage pail -LRB- $ 5 at most -RRB- with a lid -LRB- and a couple of steel plates placed on the bottom making it extremely stable -RRB- and some kitchen garbage bags and it 's working far better than this overly-engineered and $ 40 fiasco ever has .
 I wish I had read the others reviews before I purchased this diaper pail.Pros :1 . It uses regular tall kitchen bags -LRB- unfortunately it 's not suitable for use in the kitchen -RRB- Cons :1 . It is top heavy .2 . The retaining collar does n't retain the bag securely .3 . The odor control system does not work .4 . Size 3 diapers bundled as tightly as possible have trouble getting through the bag clamp.Conclusion
 Horrible , Horrible , Horrible . Cover has a piece that breaks weekly . Room always stinks because the sensor does not turn the unit on when you close it . Struggled with it for 1 years . It 's in the garbage now . Do n't waste your money . Buy a diaper genie . The cost of the bags is offset by having a room that smells nice and less hassle .
 This was the worst diaper pail , so far . It does not lock-in oder . Save your money and buy something else .
 This product is horrible . I bought this for my 2nd child -LRB- had the diaper champ with the 1st one -RRB- . The filter does n't hold in the smells . The plunger thing inside constantly detaches , leaving you to fish it out of a garbage bag filled with used diapers -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- . The lid hardly ever latches . The on/off switch is too close to the where you close the lid and therefore is turned off by accident alot . And do n't even get me started on the process to put a new garbage bag in the unit . This was a huge waste of money . If I could give it a lower rating than a 1 , I would .
 We are on our second baby and thought we 'd try something `` new '' . The Diaper Dekor Plus we has become an expensive garbage can -- we have to take out the bag afer our 2 yr old poops since it smells so bad . I liked the `` no smell '' pitch of this diaper `` pail '' but only 2 days into our newborn , i 'm already disappointed . I end up having to manually push through our newborns diapers -- so the pail may not smell but my hands do !! I read the manual and it says it may not work with `` light '' diapers ... what in the `` world '' ? Who designs a diaper pail that only functions with heavy diapers ? In a fit of anger , i tried putting a heavy diaper from my two year old in and basically had to jump up and down to get it to click and take the diaper . Maybe it only works for diapers between 8 and 14 oz ... . I threw away the box and receipt so it looks like i 'll try to make the best of it before i splurge on a more durable -- albeit smelly -- one . This company should really be ashamed of itself for making such an inferior product -- did they test it ???
 This thing burns through D batteries in about a month which is unacceptable . I wound drilling a hole in the side of the top gray piece and wiring a regular 5V power supply so I did n't have to waste so many batteries . If you know anything about DC power its a pretty simple procedure . I do n't know why they could n't have at least include a DC jack on the side of the unit.The closing mechanism is a pain in the neck to close sometimes and the diapers do n't always go down . So basically its a piece of plastic junk but its better than a regular garbage pail and I have n't seen raving reviews about any other one .
 We bought this just over two weeks ago and it 's already broken . I went to close it as usual today and found that the lid kept popping up . My husband checked it out and said that one of the hinges is broken . We previously had a diaper decor that broke after about a year and half of regular use . I found it frustrating that it broke after that time , but in my opinion it was a much better product than this one . We decided to try something new when we made this recent purchase because we liked the idea of not having to buy refills , but this has been more hassle than it 's worth .
 This diaper pail is absolutely the worst baby product I have ever purchased . I have owned it for about a month , and the device that supposedly pushes the diapers into the pail has fallen off about five times . Many diapers , if not heavy enough , are trapped in the top part of the pail . The `` jaws , '' which are supposed to open to allow the diaper in and then close again , stay open most of the time , allowing the odors to escape into the room . The pail is very difficult to open with one hand , and other family members who have tried to use it have actually given up , thinking they were doing something wrong . I would not recommend this product to anybody .
 We received this as a shower gift and we will not be using it . It has the most INSANE clicking noise when you close it . I am not even going to waste my time putting a bag or batteries in it . Unfortunately the packaging is gone and I ca n't return . I am going to purchase a regular can with a lid and take the trash out daily . Why do we need these contraptions anyway ??
 I got this for my shower , and I finally get to use it and it doesnt even work . The green light never turned on or the fan . The batteries were brand new , so that wasnt the problem . I have n't even used it and it 's broken ! I have no receipt or packaging to return it and now I have to suffer with a broken pail . First years ... what the heck ?
 I bought this product in July and continue to run through batteries and filters . Even after changing the bags out frequently the odors are not eliminated . The product is supposed to be easy to dispose diapers in , but is in many cases frustrating . Would not advise buying this product .
 We purchased this diaper pail from Amazon . At first we loved it even though the lid was a bit top heavy . We just put it against the wall to compensate . The bad thing about this diaper pail is that the weight of the bag , once filled with diapers , caused the bag clamp to break . So now it does not prevent odors from escaping the pail . It is poorly designed and we are now searching for a replacement .
 My first impression was that this was the best diaper pail out there . It was cheaper to maintain than a Diaper Genie even with the batteries and filters because of the ability to take your normal , tall garbage bags . It was also very good about odor control -LRB- provided it had fresh batteries and filters . -RRB- The noise of the lid shutting was loud , but it never really bothered me that much . After a while it did get old replacing filters and batteries on a three month rotation . Inserting new bags was n't the quickest or easiest either . It got to feel like too much regular maintenance , but then it got worse.The plastic cone insert on the lid that is supposed to push the diaper into the pail as you close the lid would regularly fall off.One day , the fan stopped turning on when the lid was closed . This turned out to be because a little plastic pin that is supposed to push a recessed button to let the unit know it is closed -LRB- like most top load washing machines -RRB- got bent . It was easy enough to bend back into place , but it would regularly get bent and became one other maintenance item to keep fixing.The final nail in the coffin was when the arms seized up and would n't always perform their scissor action to keep the smells trapped in the bag.We eventually threw it away and have since gotten a different diaper pail.It was a good idea , but I think this diaper pail failed because it was just too complicated of a design .
 I have owned this diaper pail for more than a year now , and I am less than happy with the product.CONS : - Top heavy - It 's very hard to change the trash bag in the pail . You must first lift the lid , then remove a blue rig that holds the trash bag in place , then lift the entire lid off in order to remove the trash bag . The problem is that the entire pail is top-heavy when the lid is lifted , so the pail tends to fall over as I 'm trying to get the trash bag out of the pail . - Arms stick - The concept of this diaper pail is good . When a dirty diaper is placed in the top compartment and the lid is closed , two `` arms '' open up to let the diaper slide into the containment compartment at the bottom . The arms should then close back up to contain odor . The problem is that the arms sometimes stick open causing two problems
 Ok , I have so many reasons why I dispise this diaper disposal . When I first bought this diaper disposal , I was happy that it took regular kitchen sized garbage bags ... They should point out that you need to use the kind with the drawstring , otherwise they slide right back into the unit ! Second , the way that you `` push '' the diapers into the bag is by simply closing the lid ... well the lid is so loud , it sounds like a guillotine . If I have to do a latenight diaper change , I let the diaper sit until morning because the sound wakes my son up everytime ! Next , I loaded it with 4 D batteries . . the green light blinked a few times , but that was it . I never heard a fan sound or anything like that . Also , now that my son is eating solids , his diapees are pretty ripe -LRB- TMI , sorry -RRB- , but his room smells like a dump if a few diapers pile up , and I 'm talking about a day 's worth ! Was n't the whole reason why I bought this was to keep the stink out of the room ?? Do n't waste your money . I 'm thinking of donating to Goodwill , and getting a Diaper Champ !
 I have a two year old so not a lot of time to type out a review . All I can say is that this product SUCKS ! It is truely a waste of money . I even exchanged it thinking I had to have gotten a defective unit . But , the second one was equally bad .
 This unit arrived non-functioning . Never got a green light on the front after trying several sets of batteries . We also comfirmed as other reviewers have pointed out that this is almost impossible to operate one handed , and has a tendancy to fall over . JUNKIn general , when purchasing cheap Chinese junk it is best to do so at your local Walmart so you can at least take it back and get a refund , instead of sending directly to a landfill .
 The many negative reviews about this pail are accurate . My experience , in short : * the fan stopped working within a month or so * the cover needs to be * slammed * shut to push the diaper into the pail -LRB- loud , does n't always shut properly or drive the diaper through -RRB- * the little arms that keep the top of the trash bag closed often get stuck in the `` open '' position , especially when the bag is getting full -LRB- and thus does not contain the smell -RRB- * the triangular piece inside the lid that pushes the diaper through the arms into the bag often falls off -LRB- it 's easy to pop back on but annoying how often it pops off ! -RRB- * the container absolutely stinks ... even after multiple scrubbings , using baking soda sachets , spraying with lysol , etc. . I never had this big of an issue with my Diaper Champ ... it 's like it is made out of a plastic that is especially absorbent of odors ! * now one of the plastic arms that holds the bag shut has completely stopped functioning.This diaper pail was a good idea with poor engineering .
 I have had to replace the batteries several times on this unit and I 've only had it for a few months . Last week I just replaced them again with brand new Energizer Max batteries -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , and they lasted two days . Yes , I said two days !! Who can afford -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks every two days to maintain a -LSB- ... -RSB- dollar unit ? I think I 'll have to live with a little stink , 'cause the cost stinks alot worse . Thanks for flushing my money down the toilet , The First Years !
 It has absolutely horrible design . It 's complicated to install and to use . You are wasting money on replacement of batteries . All together it 's an expensive and bad product .
 Unbelievable ... that 's what I say every time I change my son 's diaper and try to dispose of the diaper in this poorly designed diaper pail . Do not buy this pail ! You will only end up giving your baby up for adoption or meditating the complexities of potty training a two month old . As to why , I wo n't keep you in suspense
 I just assembled this product . The plastic hinges nearly broke off during installation , it is very cheaply made . But that 's not the worst part ... the product is designed to make a really loud noise every time you close the lid . It is incredibly loud , sure to make your baby cry every time you close it . I laughed out loud when I realized that it was actually not defective but designed that way . It 's almost as if the product designers put this thing together on April Fool 's day as a practical joke .
 This product seemed like it would work so well , but in reality it is terrible ! 1 -RRB- Lightweight diapers do n't actually fall through hole . You have to poke them through .2 -RRB- It is really loud when you close the lid . The clamps snap shut and are way too loud .3 -RRB- Top heavy - it wants to fall over and has fallen over multiple times4 -RRB- The lid does not want to latch half the time .
 I have had this diaper pail for only 3 months and the lid actually broke . I want to also say that I was always very gentle with the lid , since everytime I opened or shut it , it sounded like it was going to break . It will not close shut now , which creates a problem because unless the lid is closed , the fan and filter do not work .
 The diaper pail we had for my first daughter required special liners . They no longer make them , so we had to switch pails . This one is terrible . It smells so bad . I got really spoiled with the last one . And when you press the button I have to bend way over to see if it worked . THen I open it , and the diaper never goes down on its own . What 's the point ?? It 's not noisy , it just does n't work .
 When we first got this product , we were ecstatic ! It was easy to use and there was absolutely NO odor . Then , after only a couple of days of use , the batteries needed replacing -LRB- 4 Size D batteries -RRB- . We figured it was just a fluke , so we replaced them . After about 2 weeks , they were used up again . We tried replacing them one more time , but found the same problem occurred within 2 weeks or so . We decided the cost of buying batteries was far less than getting a different pail !
 this diaper pail is the most frustrating ever ! Let 's face it , i do n't think odorless is possible but this is far from `` clean air '' . I have to keep changing the battery and the diaper never goes down from the top compartment.I have been through 3 diapers hoping this would be the charm but is just dissappointing . A regular trash bin is much more effective for me - that 's how bad it is . Please do not buy this product !
 What a p.o.s. ! From day one neither my wife nor myself could determine if this thing was even on or not . It chewed up batteries like it was but we saw no functionality . As for `` swallowing '' diapers , we had to shove our hands down the things throat to make the diapers go down . What a joke .
 While my husband does n't think it controls the odor at all , I think it does ... a little.Instead my complaints are in its design . It 's small . The lid is a pain to operate . You definitely need two hands to operate , so do n't bother picking up the baby until you are done disposing of the diaper . My babysitter constantly shuts it off because she thinks it 's the button to open the lid.So , in short , it probably does keep the air a little less stinky , but the ergonomics of the product are poorer than poor .
 I got this as a baby shower gift . At first , it worked great . Although I know one of the reasons people select this item is due to the fact that you can use regular trash bags with it , you still have to have batteries -LRB- 4 D size -RRB- and a charcoal filter - both of which need to be replaced . The batteries were a problem since I did n't want to keep throwing them out - I bought rechargeable batteries . They never held their charge long enough with this product - had to recharge them CONSTANTLY . So would suggest that you do the math with a better odor control product - are you really going to be that behind ? Is $ 5-10 worth it ? -LRB- personally - I think so !!! -RRB- I also did not like how hard it was to open the lid . Most times I would end up opening the entire heavy lid and would have to push that back down and work to open only the right compartment . tough to do with Little One on the changing table.After 7 months - the light stopped coming on - the indicator that the fan was working . New batteries , nothing - it just died . There was ABSOLUTELY NO ODOR control - I nearly gagged each time I went into my son 's room . And I could not have him sleeping in there . I started changing it every day and still not good . I e-mailed the company and asked for advice but never heard anything . I would say use a different system . I now put in garage to give away and bought a new Diaper Genie Elite -LRB- cross fingers -RRB- .
 I chose this item among other due to the good brand reputation and the description , but it was definitely NOT what I expected . The deodorizer stopped working after the 2nd time I closed it , and it just did n't due the trick . Besides , the clamps that hold the bag together broke right away -LRB- after just 1 month of use -RRB- . Waste of money ! It is also too heavy and a bit complicated to handle .
 Extremly LOUD . Diapers do not go through . You have to open/close the lid ten times . But once there it does n't smell
 My wife and I purchased one of Learning Curve diaper containers about 6 months ago . We have noticed this product does n't work anymore . We purchased another set of batteries to see if that was the issue and it was n't . Due to the lack of work on this unit , I had to remove this item from my daughters room . We have given up on this product due to it 's defects and I will not purchase another product from Learning Curve again . We were very disappointed with the product . I will let other sites know if this issue until I succeed in having this product removed from the shelf . I feel it not right to have others experience what we did . There 's to many products on the market for people to deal with this product . I apologize for the distasteful email , but I figure other should know .
 Let me start by saying that there are some very GREAT quality First Years products out there . We use their True Fit carseat and LOVE it . So , do n't rule out the brand entirely , but definitely pass on this particular product.I just put a few more diapers in the thing , and was reminded that I need to write this review warning other parents . The other reviews say it just as well , but I wanted to add my own voice to the outcry . ; -RRB- First , it does a pretty admirable job of containing the odor . We 've got two kids , and nobody has ever commented that our house , or even that particular room , smells at all stinky . So , it does its job in that way . However , the cons outweigh the pros ... 1 -RRB- The lid mechanism is weird . And annoying . There is a loud clunking noise whenever you close it . We 're not talking about a little click , here . If Thing One is sleeping , Thing Two 's diapers sit on top of the pail until Thing One wakes up , or else I run the risk of waking Thing One every time I change Thing Two 's diaper . It clunks no matter how far you lift the lid , so sliding a dipe in undetected just does NOT happen . So , we end up with a pile of dipes on top of the pail instead of in it .2 -RRB- The diapers do n't go easily into the pail . You should be able to place a diaper under the lid , close it , and the dipe falls down into the pail - that 's how it SHOULD work . Unfortunately , if the diaper is in the wrong position , it does not go down into the pail . It lays there , blocking the lid from closing , clunking every time you try to close it . It sometimes takes four or five tries to get the thing closed , and we often have to reach in and turn the diaper a different way to get it to go . This is VERY frustrating , especially when your children are waiting for you to move on to the next task in your day . Yet another reason to end up with a pile of diapers on top instead of inside .3 -RRB- Fan ... ? ... What fan ? In the two and a half frustrating years that we have had the thing , I have yet to hear ANY kind of whirring , buzzing , or humming from the pail . As another reviewer said , the batteries must be there just to power the little green light .4 -RRB- Top heavy . Changing the bag involves propping the pail against the wall and hoping the lid does n't come crashing down on your hand , because that is the only way you are going to change the bag while the pail is upright . It is far too top-heavy to stay standing while the lid is flipped open . And make sure you carry it with two hands , because the one `` handle '' they give you is little more than a corner , and is 1/2 way down the back , which means that when you try to lift it , the top tips forward and the pail falls off of your fingers.All that to say , as a mom of two , I probably put dipes in the pail about three times a day , in bunches , and the rest of the day they sit on top until I have time to fight with it . We keep it in a bathroom so we can close the door . So , the odor containment is great , but kind of useless given the other issues . We have kept this pail only because we have yet to find another that does n't stink . Otherwise , it would be out the door and in the dumpster .
 I needed a lightweight stroller that was easy to load and unload and it appeard from all aspects to be just that . And it was cute too ! A week after I got this stroller , we were at the beach on the vacation that I purchased this stroller for , when the front wheel fell off . I checked to make sure I had put it on correctly and I had . This happens all the time and so I never use the stroller . I was very disappointed , I should have followed up and had them replace it but I hate sending things back and had already thrown away all my information and packaging . Bummed .
 The stroller is light weight and pretty to look at . It has two major flaws : a -RRB- It does not have shoulder straps ... as a result my baby bends way down trying to touch the wheels despite being belted ... since the stroller is light weight there is always the risk of a flip over.b -RRB- The front wheels on a few occassions popped out on their own . Finally , the wheel came under the car and broke . It could have been really fatal ...
 I want you to know that my stroller was delivered in a box with tape under and on the top , it seemed like it was opened before ! By the time we opened it and started assembling the stroller , we noticed that there were missing the rear wheels . Because of this I was not able to use and I do not want to keep it , I want to return it . what can I do to return the stroller and get my refund ?
 I bought this for our son so he could eat at the kitchen bar/counter with the rest of the family . It did n't fit at all , the arms that secure it to the table were too long to get completely under the counter . Also , seems to be too bulky to consider a travel chair .
 I used one similar to this when my kids were babies and loved it . It was all connected and had a hard seat and back , easy clean up . This one with the cloth/canvas sit is HORRIBLE . After every meal with a one year old it has to be cleaned . Taking it apart to remove the cloth/canvas is hard . You have to push these little buttons on each side then slide the frame out , remove seat and wash . Basically anyone with a small child and you know how they eat , would have to do this after every meal . Babies do not have clean hands when eating and love to drop things in their laps . The only thing going for me is I only really have her over for dinner once or twice a week . I would not be happy if I had to do this after every meal . My advise it that they need to make them like they did back in the 80 's . Also the frame really only works on a table that has nothing underneath . I have a table that has a section where the frame will not fit . Check you tables before you buy this seat .
 We have twins and had one Graco Lite chair , which was great . I could n't find another Graco so bought this Chicco for the other twin , but was sorely disappointed . Within 2 weeks , he learned to wiggle out of the seatbelt . Also it is not easy to keep clean - and a pain to dismantle to put in washing machine . Not to mention he dropped tons of food in his lap and on the floor as it has a wide gap between the child and table . Also the child sits lower than other styles , which he did n't like . I recommend the Graco Lite Travel Chair over this product - for same price or less !
 I would not recommend this chair to anyone . My 11 month old has figured out she can get out of the straps by standing up - even with the straps as tight as they can go ! I 'm terrified she 's going to climb out and fall to the floor if I turn away for a second . In addition it gets dirty very quickly -LRB- 1 meal -RRB- and is a pain in the neck to disassemble and wash in the washing machine . Sure , you can wipe it down with a wet cloth , but that does n't really do enough . I do n't have a 4 inch gap between the table and the seat as others have posted , but I do have about an inch . Even this amount is enough to keep mealtime a disaster.I 'm going to buy something else ! Not worth the risk or filth !
 This chair did n't fit our table . It fit under the table skirt , but the bottom brackets extended too far and it the leaf mechanism of our table . We returned it -LRB- very easy and free to do ! -RRB- and gotGraco Travel Lite Table Chair Tango in the Tongoinstead . The chicco one looks a little more sophisticated too , but the Graco one was the best for us .
 In every picture displaying this chair it shows it attached to a countertop . We too wanted to use this chair for our kitchen island where we cook and eat . So when I quickly read it fits table tops `` up to 5.5 '' ... '' I assumed it meant that it needed 5.5 '' depth to attach to a counter . In hindsight I now notice it says `` up to 5.5 '' skirt '' , but in no picture anywhere is it attached to a table with a skirt , we do n't have a table with a skirt , and so the idea of there being an issue regarding a skirt was out of mind.We were very disappointed when our chair arrived and it will not work with our countertop because our overhang is 1 '' too short . And in no place is this dimension listed as being important.In my opinion this dimension is just as important as their concern about the skirt , if not even more so considering in every picture available it is shown attached to a countertop and not a table with a skirt . The fact it is is n't even mentioned is very disappointing and shows a lack of research on their part for what could be one of the biggest uses of this chair .
 This chair fits a table with a large lip -LRB- mine is about 31/2 inches -RRB- I was pleases with that but watch out if you have a table with a leaf to make it bigger , that gets in the way of the arms of the chair . I was only able to get it to fit on one area of my table and it wasnt where i wanted it . I was willing to deal with it beacause it worked just fine untill about a month into having it the seems started to rip apart . IDK if i just ended up with a lemon but I was a little anoid ! I returned it !!!
 My daughter has a very deep counter , but this child seat leaves up to 12 '' in between the seat and the edge of the counter leaving a lot of room for food to fall on the floor . The seat should go further into the counter , more mesh with the surface - no one would consciously sit this far away from the table edge . I used something called a Sassy Seat when my daughter was little and it was compact and easy to transport . This seat is cumbersome and does n't travel as easily . I was n't that impressed so I returned the second one I bought .
 We have an informal butcher block dining table and we bought this for our then 6 month old to be a part of the family table . The pros of this seat are that it is compact and portable . But the cons were that my daughter easily slipped out of the belt and climbed out , and continues to do so . The belt comes up between the legs and from behind her back -LRB- under her arms -RRB- and no matter how tight we made it , she tucked her legs in under her and slowly stood up , slipping straight up out of the belt . Also , if you are looking for something mainly to use at home , it would make more sense to get one of the solid boosters with a back , harness , and optional tray . That is what we have for our 2 year old and what we are getting for our youngest now too . It shows food stains and is a pain to dissamble and wash on a biweekly basis . Also , the arms that extend on the table make it so that there is not a large area to place a plate and a cup . Finally , there is about a one-inch gap between the front of the bucket seat and the table , and it is too tempting for the baby to push food down that `` slot '' - so big messes created below the seat . This is not the right choice for home use and is not as good as the fold and go seats for restaurant use . Good luck in your search !
 The first time we used this chair the stitching started coming undone from around the back of the seat ; this seam in essence holds the weight of the child . If I had not noticed this defect , our baby might have easily fallen out . Shoddy manufacturing . Product to be avoided at all costs .
 I bought this chair thinking it would be great for restaurants and so our son could sit at the table with us at home . We have an older wood table from the 20 's and the high chair only fit in one spot at the table , otherwise it worked just fine and he seemed comfortable , although maybe a little low at the table.The flaw in this product is the material used for the seat . I believe chicco makes a similar chair for slightly more $ that has a wipable/padded cover . If you are sold on this product , I highly recommend getting the more expensive product . If your baby spills anything liquid or soft on this chair , you will need to wash it as the food gets trapped in the fabric and ca n't be wiped clean . I found it very difficult to remove the cover ... at least enough so that I did n't want to do it every couple of days.It is a little awkward for travel as well . If you want something portable , there are a few other travel chairs that fold down very compactly . This is still very long when folded down , and as mentioned in another review the parts that fold down do n't stay down.I bought this so we would n't have to set up/tear down our high chair , but this turns out to be about as much work to keep clean .
 The Amazon description , as well as the cover of the box , state this chair can be used on a 6 '' depth table with skirting . The manual of the chair states a 4 '' depth , while the label on the chair itself states `` no more than 1.5 '' thick '' ... so what to believe . Well , it did n't work on my 6 '' table and it 's way too bulky of a chair to use on my island , so I returned it and purchased the Graco chair for the same price . Also , I was dissapointed that the Chicco chair has a flimsy seat bottom . My 6mos old did n't even look comfortable . The Graco is a stiff chair and much more user friendly , not to mention easy to clean w/o taking everyting apart to toss in the washer . While the chair was easily returned/refunded , I do n't recommned this purchase .
 I bought this chair after much consideration and research . Even though many - or it seemed like most - of the reviews were very favorable , I found the chair flawed for the following reasons :1 . Security Risk
 You 're going to need a table with absolutely no protrusions on the bottom to get this to attach to a table . Our dining room table did n't work . The table in a condo in Hawaii did n't work.It 's heavy.It 's awkward to assemble -LRB- which you need to do each time you take it out if its carrying case -RRB- . But it is well constructed , and if it works on your table and you do n't plan to travel with it , I think it 's a decent chair .
 Too hard to take off canvas chair to clean . Really annoying and pricey.Also you have to take the whole thing off to put a place mat down -LRB- babys are messy ! -RRB- Food would get stuck under the arm handles . Ridiculous.I bought Fisher-Price Healthy Care Booster Seat to use at my house . It is n't as nice looking but it is so much better.Easy to clean and has a tray.http : / / www.amazon.com/Fisher-Price-Healthy-Booster-Yellow-Orange/dp/B000WU3DVG/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid;=1303585632&sr;=8-4
 It is easy to put together and attach to the table . It is sturdy and relatively light/portable . But I have 2 complaints
 This chair is impossible to keep clean . It says to spot clean , which is impossible , so I went ahead and washed it on my gentle cycle which was fine , except you have to take the whole thing apart and it just gets filthy the very next time you use it . I was embarrassed to even let people see it in my house . As others mentioned , there is also a gap between the chair and the table where everything falls on the floor . It also wo n't fit on an island . I am selling this and looking for another , easier option .
 We loved the idea of this chair ... Easy to transport , does n't take up floor space . But after using it just two months it stopped latching properly to the table for no reason . It no longer tightens properly so it is n't safe for my child anymore . I am dissapointed .
 I ordered this because of the good reviews , but it does n't work for us . First it took almost 2 weeks to arrive , which has nothing to do with the product but was especially frustrating since I 'm now returning it . It does n't fit our island or dining room table . The arms are really long , requiring a pretty deep space . It 's also much more cumbersome than expected . I thought we 'd just fold it up and take it out to dinner with us , but it does n't collapse very small . We did n't use it to actually feed the baby since it did n't work in our kitchen , but I could tell the space between the counter and the baby was too wide and we would end up with more food on the floor than anywhere else.It does seem like a solid design , so if it works in your kitchen then it 's probably a good purchase .
 we loved this until our daughter started standing up in it . wish it had a 5-point safety harness-with the straps going over the shoulders , but does n't . No matter how tight you make the straps , the kiddo will come out of it . we are looking into the Rigalo one .
 Did not fit on either of our two dining tables at home . Needs a large flat area under the table for the bars to fit . Measure first before purchasing !
 I thought the idea of this was great ... a portable high chair that would fit on nearly any table in restaurants , at the in-laws ... Well , the first time we used it at the in-laws , the leg would n't release from under the table ... we thought we were going to have to saw the table apart to get the chair out from under it ! We returned that particular unit , and the replacement one still has a leg that is sticky.The other issue with this chair is that if a restaurant table is lighter , your baby will tip the table . Also , tables with any wood underneath such as a leaf or an extension will not permit this chair.If you are looking for something portable , I would purchase one of those space-saving high chairs and cart that to other people 's houses . It is easier and more reliable.We rarely use this Chicco product . We end up toting the space-saving high chair instead
 The fabric gets filthy with each feeding and requires a lot of scrubbing . It would be great if you could easily remove it -LRB- it 's not very easy -RRB- and throw it in the washing machine -LRB- hand wash only -RRB- . We 're switching to a plastic seat with removable tray that can be wiped down more easily.Other than that , it 's sturdy , and functions well for us . It also folds flat and fits in a large suit case for our cross-country visits .
 I bought this chair so that my daughter could sit at the island counter with her two older brothers . The counter has a 12 '' overhang from the base of the island and when the chair is installed , there is about a 3 '' gap between the chair and the counter . It makes feeding the dog even easier for our daughter but is not what I consider a feature . Other options appear to have a more compact design to attach the chair so I 'm going to buy a second . Maybe I can sell the one I have on ebay so I get a little back - at least I had a coupon when I bought it .
 We did n't care for this seat at all and will be returning it . It 's very loose after it 's assembled and would not attach securely to the table -LRB- our table fits all the specifications as being one that this chair can be used with -RRB- . The pieces that are pushed upward to hold the chair to the table are lightweight plastic then the arms that come out to keep it stable are attached to the same center plastic part and come out at an off angle -LRB- and can not be adjusted -RRB- so they do n't press against the table and the whole seat can be moved up and down.Even if it fit the table safely I would still be disappointed , the seat sits back from the edge of the table leaving a big gap which I can see lots of food falling down . The fabric part is cheaply made , crinkly , and only comes in an unattractive red and black.We also own an inglesina fast chair and it 's wonderful . We tried this chicco chair because our fast chair does not fit our table . If it will fit your table or you 're only planning on using it while traveling the inglesina is the way to go .
 We really like Chicco products and have many of them . This chair is a disappointment , however . It would be so much better if it was made of a wipeable fabric . It does not spot clean well , and trying to disassemble and pull the fabric seat off is a headache and takes too much time . Also , the belt really is n't secure enough and frequently one of the sides will not come undone when you depress the button to get baby out . We 're constantly struggling with it . Also , it 's really too cumbersome to actually fold up and take somewhere .
 Disappointing product from Chicco . The supports are difficult to secure , canvas does not wipe clean , requiring disassembly and washing after every use , and the safety buckle was incredibly hard to open . I returned this item .
 This infant seat was poorly constructed . The holes did not match the pins in the extended arms . This was a waste of money and totally useless .
 We have a small place and 9 mo twins to boot , so space is at a premium . We were so excited to get these , thinking they 'd save space and bring the babies right to us at the table . We started using them at 7 mo , and only 2 months later , we 've replaced them with old fashioned high chairs . The problem is that they are IMPOSSIBLE TO KEEP CLEAN . They get coated with food at every feeding - the babies spit their food , touch the chairs with food-coated hands and even chew on the sides of the chair . We 'd try to wipe them down after every meal , but the porous material traps the food and you have to hand wash them constantly . You 'd think you could get the material on and off easily , but you have to disassemble the whole thing to get the fabric off and it takes time . I wish we never got these , wasted time and money , and lots of frustration .
 I bought this chair for my grandson to use at restaurants because he couldnt sit up properly , at 5 months old , in the wooden high chairs that they have at most restaurants . Well he didnt like this one and it was difficult to take with us because it didnt fold up easily . So I just decided to use it at home . The big flaw in the design is that , when he got older , the seatbelt doesnt hold him in . I couldnt even go out to the kitchen to get something without having to run back to find him trying to stand up in the seat , no matter how tight I tightened the belt he could still stand up in the seat . Also it is not a wipeable material . It is washable , but it is really difficult to take apart to wash . If they put shoulder straps in this seat and made it easier to get apart to wash it would be so much better . As it is I put it away and bought a regular highchair before he could fall out of this one and get hurt . I would not recommend this at all .
 This is packaged in a genuine looking Halo SleepSack package.Don ' t expect this to be exactly like the ones you would purchase in a store . While it looks the same the swaddle is permanently attached to the back of the sleep sack . Not sure why the packaging shows a baby wearing just the sleep sack without the swaddle . My baby does not like to be swaddled and I can not use this product . I have other HALO sleepsack/swaddles that are two pieces .
 This is the second halo swaddle we purchased . The other one we have is a light cotton material . I purchased this one hoping it would be a little warmer . Unfortunately , it is SO thick that my baby wakes up sweating even when she is just wearing a diaper underneath . I wish I had known this prior to purchasing because I will not use it again , but use the cotton one instead .
 To be clear - we love the regular Halo sleepsacks alone and swaddling for sleep but the combination is much less than the sum of its parts with this product . At just a few weeks old our son could wriggle down in the sack so that the velcro wings rode up over his throat and face in a way that looked pretty scary to us . We took him out of it in less than an hour and never wanted to use it again.Just seems like a really bad design to me , and unnecessary since the regular sleepsack and swaddle blankets work so well by themselves .
 I ordered 2 halo sleep sack swaddles off amazon , so I could always have ready while the other was in the wash . I 've only had them one month and the zippers have already broken on both sleep sacks . This is really disappointing as I do n't have the money to be buying 2 new sleep sacks every month .
 For the first week , I was in love with this product . I bought 3 ! It made swaddling so easy . I dismissed the negative reviews especially the ones about the material bunching up around the neck as people who did not know how to use it correctly . WRONG !! Here are the problems I encountered with this product including the bunching :1 . Microfleece is thick so you worry about overheating in the warmer months . So I bought the cotton version as my next purchase .2 . Microfleece is like a hair magnet = human hair , pet hair-you name it . And it does not come out with washing .3 . Newborn size says it goes up to 12 1bs . My son outgrew this size at 9.5 lbs .4 . Velcro fastening is loud and woke up my baby at night .5 . My little man was able to get his arms out of position relatively quickly ... AND worst of all and the reason I returned all 3:6 . One night I heard him thrashing about and went to check on him . The material had bunched up around his neck and up over his mouth . Now I had been swaddling him for a while by then , and I follow the instructions . This was not due to an error by me . ** Edit
 after two nights sleeping with this swaddle my baby got a rash from sweat . its not hot at our home -LRB- 70F -RRB- but baby was all wet in this swaddle . it is very comfortable , but the fabric-deffinately not baby friendly !!! not gon na use it .
 We bought this for my son when he was about 2 months old thinking it would be easier to use than a traditional swaddle blanket . He really enjoyed it when we first tried it out . It is nice that you can make it tight and they ca n't wiggle out of it like the regular blankets . The problem we found the first night of use was that it can slide up . My son sleeps with his head elevated and this blanket just slid right up over his face . Thank goodness he was still sleeping in our room and we caught it quickly because it was wrapped very well around his head . Threw the thing out immediately . Great concept , did n't work for us .
 This product should be recalled . It 's sold based on the premise of reducing SIDS by using it as a blanket.My husband and I were horrified to check on our child in the middle of the night -LRB- our movement monitor even beeped to say he had stopped breathing -RRB- and see all this material bunched up around his face !!! I was angry , and felt guilty for trusting the product.I loved the idea of this combo sleepsack/swaddle . However , it is very easy for a child to work his/her fingers out at the bottom of the swaddle - at least it is for our child . If your child can break out of other swaddles -LRB- which most of my friends kids can -RRB- then DO NOT USE THE SWADDLE PART OF THIS BLANKET!How does is get messed up ? If the child bends their legs up at all , their fingers can feel the bottom of the swaddle and then they work their fingers and arms out from the bottom . The result is that the swaddle part bunches up around their neck and face -LRB- even with the little tab in the back secured -RRB- . Halo should add velcro and/or snaps on the front of the swaddle arms to keep it in place.Use the `` Swaddle Me '' blankets instead for the safest swaddle option . There is less material , and the babies legs actually pull down on the swaddle , so it keeps any loose material away from baby 's face if the baby manages to break out .
 I use to be a big fan of the Halo sleep sack ... until I found my baby with the swaddle bundled around his face and neck !!!! Yes I did use the velcro tabs to supposedly hold the swaddle piece down , but they are not strong enough if my son can undo them in his sleep -LRB- he was sound asleep when I found him -RRB- . Please please do not use these !!!
 Caution ! This Item is a Preemie Size . Perhaps I am the only one who miss understood the size XX Small ... There are three sizes available
 Please be aware . If you buy this product you `` MUST '' use long sleeves . There is a piece of Velcro inside that will cut up your child 's arm if they move at all . Other than the mauling of my child , the sack swaddles pretty well .
 I received this very garment as a shower gift and my daughter wore it until she was a month old . She found a way to get her arms out from underneath the swaddle `` wings '' and I walked into her nursery one morning to find her lying in her crib with the material bunched up around her mouth and nose . Use this product with extreme caution !
 This product should be recalled . It 's sold based on the premise of reducing SIDS by using it as a blanket.My husband and I were horrified to check on our child in the middle of the night -LRB- our movement monitor even beeped to say he had stopped breathing -RRB- and see all this material bunched up around his face !!! I was angry , and felt guilty for trusting the claims of this product . -LRB- I just saw that another reviewer said the same thing on the cream-colored version of this same product -RRB- . I loved the idea of this combo sleepsack/swaddle . However , it is easy for a child to work his/her fingers out at the bottom of the swaddle arms - at least it is for our child . If your child can break out of other swaddles -LRB- which most of my friends kids can -RRB- then DO NOT USE THE SWADDLE PART OF THIS BLANKET!How does is get messed up ? I put our child in the sleepsack/swaddle a second time so I could watch -LRB- supervised -RRB- how the material ended up bunched up . Even with a tight swaddle , and the swaddle arms velcro 'd as low as they will go on the back of the sleepsack ... if the child bends their legs up at all , their fingers can start to feel the bottom of the swaddle arms . Then , the baby can work their fingers and arms out from the bottom . The result is that the swaddle part bunches up around their neck and face -LRB- even with the little tab in the back secured -RRB- . RECOMMENDATIONS : Halo should add velcro and/or snaps on the front of the swaddle arms to attach it to the sleepsack to keep it in place.Use the `` Swaddle Me '' blankets instead for a safer swaddle option . There is less material , and the baby 's legs actually pull down on the swaddle , so it keeps any loose material away from baby 's face if the baby manages to break out . -LRB- With this HALO sleepsack/swaddle , the baby 's legs do n't help pull down on the swaddle arms -RRB- .
 I actually liked this swaddle quite a bit . It was working awesome until one day I found the `` wings '' of the swaddle bunched up around her neck . It was horrifying ! I chucked it immediately . Now we are using the SwaddleMe and I found she ca n't bunch it up anywhere near her neck . She CAN get it to overlap her chin a little bit with some squirming which may cause her to try and suck on it -LRB- rarely happens -RRB- but there is no bunching or constriction . I 've heard good things about the Woombie too .
 I , like other reviewers , have tried swaddling our baby with this only to find the material covering her mouth and nose when we checked on her later on . The product is a great idea , but given that it markets itself a SIDS preventer , I find this problem to be unacceptable .
 This is a great idea , but like another review said , they can raise their arms up from the bottom of the arm wrap which makes the fabric bunch up around their face . I bought a fleece one and a knit one . The fleece one would be too hot so I used the arm wrap from the knit one with the fleece sack . It 's easy to get on but the fleece is bulky and makes it hard to burp them . I 'll probably stop using it because I 'm afraid of the wrap getting pushed up into her face .
 I have a 3 year old and have an older version of this , but I needed a larger size for my 8 week old and I do not like this at all . The one I had before was in two pieces , the sleepsack and the `` wings '' or the wrap around . There was velco on the back of the sleepsack and on the `` wings '' . I could have my baby in the sack and then when it was time for bed I would lay her down on the `` wing '' and swaddle her up and put her in bed . I thought it was the same now but it 's not . The whole thing is one piece . My kid does not want to be bundled up and swaddled when she 's not sleeping so the `` wing/swaddle '' part is all tangled up and we ca n't remove it , it 's all one piece . Bottom line this was a great product until they changed and I ca n't return my b/c my husband already washed it . Bad purchase , change it back , you had a good thing going .
 I bought this sleep swaddle because we needed to transition our baby from the cradle in our room to her crib . We also live in a colder climate , so I wanted something that will keep her warm and toasty.She is almost 14 pounds and very long . Halo says size small is for 13-18 pounds . The first night , she worked her arms out several times . The last time scared the garbage out of me because as she worked her arms out , she brought it up over her mouth.We normally wear the miracle blanket , which she ca n't get out of and does n't cause me to have heart palpitations . I think we 'll go back to that one.Update
 This product should be recalled . It 's sold based on the premise of reducing SIDS by using it as a blanket.My husband and I were horrified to check on our child in the middle of the night -LRB- our movement monitor even beeped to say he had stopped breathing -RRB- and see all this material bunched up around his face !!! I was angry , and felt guilty for trusting the claims of this product . -LRB- I just saw that two other reviewers said the same thing on other colored versions of this same product -RRB- . I loved the idea of this combo sleepsack/swaddle . However , it is easy for a child to work his/her fingers out at the bottom of the swaddle arms - at least it is for our child . If your child can break out of other swaddles -LRB- which most of my friends kids can -RRB- then DO NOT USE THE SWADDLE PART OF THIS BLANKET!How does is get messed up ? I put our child in the sleepsack/swaddle a second time so I could watch -LRB- supervised -RRB- how the material ended up bunched up . Even with a tight swaddle , and the swaddle arms velcro 'd as low as they will go on the back of the sleepsack ... if the child bends their legs up at all , their fingers can start to feel the bottom of the swaddle arms . Then , the baby can work their fingers and arms out from the bottom . The result is that the swaddle part bunches up around their neck and face -LRB- even with the little tab in the back secured -RRB- . RECOMMENDATIONS : Halo should add velcro and/or snaps on the front of the swaddle arms to attach it to the sleepsack to keep it in place.Use the `` Swaddle Me '' blankets instead for a safer swaddle option . There is less material , and the baby 's legs actually pull down on the swaddle , so it keeps any loose material away from baby 's face if the baby manages to break out . -LRB- With this HALO sleepsack/swaddle , the baby 's legs do n't help pull down on the swaddle arms -RRB- .
 I love Sleepsacks , but was disappointed in the swaddling feature of this.Pros : * Great fleece -- soft and thick and washes beautifully * No need for a blanket * Reverse zipper for easy diaper changes * Can use as a regular sleepsack when baby no longer needs to be swaddledCons : * The swaddle band sits too low across my son 's chest , so he wiggles one or both arms free , defeating the swaddle * The arm holes are a bit too snug , so it 's difficult to get my son into this if he 's already asleep ; I have other sleep sack-style sleeveless blanket sleepers that snap on the shoulder , which makes getting a sleeping baby settled far more easy * The Velcro strips are huge -- this would be okay if the swaddle band was high enough , but if you do n't get this set right at first and you 're baby is sleeping , the ripping sounds and strong tugging required wake him up * The reverse zipper is a pro , but also a con -- it can be difficult to hook up the zipper and not disturb a sleeping babyI have used the Kiddopotamus swaddlers , which are great and easy , but when my son outgrew the first size , I thought I would try the Sleepsack style because I could use it as a plain Sleepsack when he did n't need to be swaddled anymore . Because of the challenges with this , though , I will probably go ahead and order the larger size in the Kiddopotamus .
 I had major trouble breastfeeding . I bought all three sized shields , trying to figure out which one would work for me . I bought this before I saw the lactation consultant , after reading the Medela specifications on how the shield should fit . I showed this to the lactation consultant and she said that this would be too small for me . And it was . It did fit with room around my nipple , but I found that the large shield helped me pump more milk . I think that the medela diagram is a little misleading , because when you pump the nipple expands , so I would reconmend going up a size , not down .
 I hated this product . My problem is that I have extremely large breasts , but small nipples . I was told that I needed smaller breast shield for the nipple size , but this breast shield was n't even large enough to fit around my breast . I have absolutely no suction with this product . Whoever created the sizes was clearly a man because they corresponded the size of the inner whole for nipple with the size of the shield . The smaller the breast , the smaller the nipple . The larger the breast , the larger the nipple . Not necessarily the case . I bought the small , medium , large , and extra large breastshield and none of them fit correctly . The only thing I like about them is that they can be disconnected from all the other pieces .
 I got a medela pump at my baby shower and when I used it I was having problems with my nipples hurting , not being able to produce much milk and from what little bit I did get , it leaked everywhere . This was all with the regular 24mm breastshiled that came with the pump . That was when I noticed a picture in my manual stating that I needed a small size breastshield . Well honestly , I do n't see a difference between the small and the medium . If there is any difference it is VERY minimal and it has n't helped me one bit . I 'm extremely disappointed since Medela is suppose to be such a good brand .
 I ordered these after a few weeks of pumping and finding that my breasts were sore after each session . After reading the reviews I had high hopes that this would resolve the issue , as it is a result of my breast tissue rubbing against the sides of the shield . Unfortunately , the 21mm is only SLIGHTLY smaller than the medium and barely made a difference at all . The only thing that I do notice is less leaking from my right side . My breasts still rub against the side of the shield -- wishing Medela made an XS !
 As everyone must know ... only your nipple -LRB- no areola -RRB- should be the one inside the shield for better extraction . So after working with the 24mm and having all my nipple and areola inside of the shield and extracting lots of milk but not as much as with the avents , I decided to got my set of connectors and personalfit shields . I like more medela because its easier and faster to clean than Avent -LRB- and my avent is broken -RRB- . . so decided to give them a second chance with the change of the personalfit , also Medela has 2 phase , which really works nice , for milk let down ... but ooooh big dissappointment ... the change in the fit was minimal ... know only half of my areola will go inside so overall I get the same lousy pumping effectiveness of no milk ... : -LRB- I contacted customer support to see if the could help me ... I emailed them because my spoken english is not that good ... telling them I needed something one or two more sizes down . . 18mm or 15mm ... if they can offer me a solution or recommend me something , but I just received a prewritten emaill saying nothing more than what you can found in their written guides from their products ... so sad they treat you like an ignorant who doesnt read before using the product . Anyways ... I was hoping , really hoping for help ... which I didnt received ... so decided to get the new Avent Confort with the breast massager hoping it will be smaller that this 21mm or at least more effective . Since my milk supply has dropped from 10oz to 2oz . And only baby seems to stimulate the proper way . But I need to pump for dd 's day care , while working .
 I completely did not realize that I would not be able to use this product without also buying the connectors . The breastshields that I had were all one piece , so I expected that these would be as well . When they arrived , I realized I could not use them without purchasing another product , so I went ahead and tried the medium sized breast shields that I had . It turned out that they fit just fine , even though the images on the box had suggested otherwise . Breast pumps are already very confusing products , please try to be more clear on what it is you are selling and how it interacts with other parts .
 I think the tunnel diameter is a good fit for my nipple , but the shield is very small -LRB- not meant for large breasts , I suppose -RRB- and the tunnel LENGHT is ridiculously small . It hardly stays on the adapter . The adapter w/milk receptacle falls off if you do n't stay still . I tend to shift positions , or reach for a magazine while pumping . I 'm going back to the mediums .
 Not as pictured . The neck of shield is really short . You can use it but need to fit it on the connector exactly no leeway .
 I thought , from what I read , that smaller flanges would be more comfortable and more effective . I was wrong ! my mediums , although a bit too big , are soft and much more comfortable than these hard things ! What a waste of money !
 I got this when my son was born . He just turned two and already outgrown it , and he 's averaged sized . He ca n't even sit back all the way because the shoulder `` tabs '' are so close together . It does not lay back all the way , and when my son does manage to fall asleep in it , not only can he not sit back all the way , but his legs are too long for the stroller . He always looks extremely uncomfortable in it , and I 'm in the market for a new one . It 's bulky , takes up a whole lot of room in the trunk , and is not an easy ride or push . I am very uncomfortable pushing it more than 1/2 mile , it just requires a lot of effort and maneuvering.I absolutely would not suggest you buy this stroller . I 've talked with other parents who 've had the stroller for a while and they all say the same thing . It looks nice , and yes , everyone has it and it 's a popular one , but you wo n't be happy with it for long .
 This unit worked well for the first few months . However , like the previous reviewer , our unit also beeps randomly for no apparent reason , even though we have the pet detection system OFF . Nor is it a low battery issue - it happens even when the receiver is plugged in . The system now seems perfectly timed for the alarm to go off the instant the baby has fallen asleep . It has awakened our baby more times than we can count , so we will be getting another system after we throw this one in the pool . Save your money !
 Like the other reviews have said , this monitor beeps at random for no apparent reason . Last night we spent the evening -LRB- again -RRB- trying to determine the reason it was beeping to no avail . Our daughter was sleeping peacefully while we were up w/the monitor ! The pet sensor is great , but the random beeping ruins the monitor 's advantages . If you want to sleep , I would n't recommend this monitor .
 We are on our second baby and this monitor has been waking us more than he has . It was perfect with our first and now it beeps several times an hour .
 I actually received a monitor for my shower and gave it away , so that I could buy the Pet Sensor for my animals . Constantly , the beeping in the night that jolted you out of a sleep . Now , the monitor has completely died , it can be plugged into the wall and still shows low battery and shuts off . I still have never even been able to get the compartment open to put a seperate battery in it . The item sucks for the amount of money you spend on it . I emailed the company about the problem and they never responded , considering it died after just having it exactly a year .
 We really want the pet sensor because we want to keep our cats out of the babies ' room , and this appears to be the only choice . The range is ok -- it works in the yard for the most part , and a tiny bit at the neighbors houses . It is a little on the bulky side . After two years , the battery is completely shot , and it just started not working well when plugged in either . You ca n't turn off the pet sensor from the remote unit , just the one in the baby 's room . The motion alarm is very loud and annoying . This is no good for young kids not in cribs who may get out of bed occasionally . The unit now loses its connection and starts beeping loudly frequently throughout the night . In the past it only did that occasionally . I 'd say this is a good purchase for the first year but no fun beyond that .
 Model
 I agree with all of the others who have given this product a neg review . We ran into the same issue so this is not an isolated incident . Our monitor will just randomly go off and start making very loud beeps or a terrible screeching noise for no reason at all . I would really recommend not buying this monitor !
 Before buying this item , be aware that it has only 2 channels . The Sony monitors have 9 or 27 channels , which can really help minimize interference with phones and other electronics .
 I hate this product . Not just a little bit , but passionately , perhaps even religously hate this product . In fact , I have never owned a product -LRB- big , small , somewhere in between -RRB- that I hate more . Constant static , popping , buzzing . Changing channels does n't work . You would have thought a company making baby monitoring products would have thought that screeching is a slight problem - particularly when they use the word `` Whisper '' in the product name . It wakes me up in the middle of the night every night with this incessent high pitched buzz -LRB- think Dumb and Dumber -RRB- . Not like I need the sleep or anything . . with a newborn and all . Imagine this
 After less than two months the monitor started beeping randomly for no apparent reason . We called the company and they sent us a new one . It does n't work well either . The monitor beeped 4 times last night waking us up more than the baby . No more headaches for us . It 's going back to the store and we 're getting a different make and model tonight.Don ' t waste your time on this monitor , the product is obviously flawed based on all the consistent reviews . Btw , as I write this review the monitor has beeped 3 times already .
 The range is huge , the clarity is perfect -LRB- can hear baby breathe -RRB- , but the alarm -LRB- out of range , time to recharge ? -RRB- that randomly goes off -LRB- especially at night ! -RRB- is unacceptable . Only buy this monitor if you want to be woken up more often than you already are by the baby . I 'm going back for the Sony today ...
 this is a very expensive monitor and it is not worth the cost . It has given us trouble from the beginning . It makes the parent finder alarm sound randomly and usually at night when we are trying to get some sleep . The pet detection goes off at any time so we do n't even use it . I called Evenflo and asked for a replacement and the one they sent to us had even more problems . They ended up just letting me keep both so I guess they know that the problems can not be fixed .
 Yes , the reception was great for us and we have a 2200 sqft house ... problem
 it works well , but - it constantly beeps with a loud alarm with no apparent reason . it wakes us up with the beeping , sometimes once a day , sometimes every half hour . i ca n't wait to buy a new one and throw this $ 50 thing in the trash !
 I bought this monitor after having tried the one I got from my baby shower that was from Pottery Barn Kids . It also gave me trouble . I decided to head to Babies R Us and see what I could find . This was ideal for me because even though I have no cats , I do have 3 dogs.I tried it with the pet sensor on for about 1 day . Then I turned it off because it seemed to go off all the time for no apparent reason . Even with the pet sensor off , it stills beeps very often . I have to get up and turn the unit off and back on almost one after the other some days and we end up just turning it off altogether to try again later.I 'm looking now to try another unit and hopefully we 'll be able to find one that we like !
 When our first child was born , we bought an Evenflo monitor and were very pleased with it . After 2 years of use , the monitor started to fade in and out , so we decided to replace it with this Evenflo monitor . As stated in other reviews , the monitor starts beeping for no reason . The only way to get it to stop is to turn it off and then back on , which is very frustrating when you 're sound asleep at 3:00 in the morning ! I would definitely NOT recommend buying this product .
 They do n't make them like they used to . When the old Evenflow monitor died , we thought , just buy the new model . What a mistake ! The sound quality is so poor , and the pet sensor would be great if it worked properly . We are so disappointed with it not having the intercom feature . Evenflo let us down , so we are back to the search for a better product .
 We were impressed by the fact that this monitor would detect pet and/or intruder noises , which is why we bought it . After 51/2 months of using it , we will be THROWING IT AWAY and purchasing a different system . The monitor goes off several times a night for no apparent reason . We do not use the pet detection feature -LRB- we made sure it was off after the first few nights of loud random beeping -RRB- . A monitor should be able to give you peace of mind -LRB- and a restful night sleep -RRB- , but this system wakes us up as much or more than our infant .
 Like many other reviews , this product is a piece of junk ! The parent finder beeper goes off randomly ! It usually does this in the middle of the night while I 'm asleep for a change . I can not figure out why it beeps for no reason . It does n't matter if it 's fully charged , plugged in or not , the thing just beeps . Please find another product or this one will drive you crazy !
 We bought this for out two year olds room , when the old Evenflo died . We sleep down stairs and he is up and we just want to hear if he needs us in the middle of the night . It was a bad choice , it beeps when it can not find the signal and my house is not that big . It is going back to the store . We have no problem with the fisher price monitors we use for our daughter .
 We have had this monitor for 5 months and loved it ... till last week . It wakes us up every night beeping and the only way to get it to stop is to turn it off and turn it back on , only to have it wake us a few hours later . I traded it in for another one , and the very first night , it did the same thing . So , if our son is not waking us up it is the monitor . I am returning it tomorrow for a completely different brand .
 What a NIGHTMARE ... I was up all night . It just randomly starts beeping in the middle of the night . Not a soft beep but the worse sound you ever heard . Do n't get it !!!
 This monitor is awful !!!!! it does this terrible beeping sound for no reason in the middle of the night !!!! the last thing sleep deprived parents need is to be woken up in the middle of the night for no reason . I HATE it . After spending $ 50.00 i now have to buy another monitor . DO NOT buy this monitor !
 Initially , I was blown away by the sound clarity of this monitor -- crystal clear , captures every moan and sigh , no static whatsoever . Unfortunately , it began malfunctioning just after the warranty expired , sounding odd alarms in the middle of the night . What started as a once or twice a night occurrence quickly degenerated into 20 or 30 wakeups a night . Oddly enough , no problems ever during the day . -LRB- I eventually found that the electric blanket seemed to be contributing to the problem , but even with that off , we continued to get hourly wakeup calls . -RRB- After several frustrating weeks of unplugging every appliance we could think of in turn to prevent interference , we bought another monitor . The sound is n't as clear , but no more nighttime wakeups ! BTW , the pet sensor ended up being completely useless . If interested in this monitor , I 'd just buy the basic version and save $ 20 .
 This monitor is horrible ! As for any good reviews all I can say is that those people must have just started using the monitor . I really liked it when I first got it , too . But then it started going off randomly . I wrote to Evenflo and they said I must have a faulty parent unit . They were vary nice and sent me a new one right away . It malfunctioned the first night !!! The clarity is incredible when you first use it . So much so that we actualy had to turn on a sound machine in our daughter 's room so we did n't hear every breath she took , but the alarm -LRB- NOT THE PET DETECTION SENSOR , THEY ARE DIFFERENT SOUNDS ! -RRB- goes off for no reason , sometimes 6 times a night . This product will be great once Evenflo admits it is flawed and fixes the random alarm problem . I was impressed with its initial performance , but please , new parents have enough trouble sleeping without adding this random alarm clock to the bedside table !
 I bought this product in 3/2005 for that it is the only one in the market that I have found that comes with rechargeable batteries and that it recharges them . The receiver starts beeping which is the paging feature that goes off all by itself , also the sound is very low even when put on high . You must have the unit right next to your ear to hear the baby . I do not recommend this product , if you want to sleep in peace .
 I was impressed with the reviews for this product and liked the idea of the pet detection feature as my cat has never been around a newborn before . The pet detection feature worked very well and also alerted me when one of my six year old twins was near the baby ! However , the parent unit would start beeping that it was out of range numerous times every day . We have a small home -LRB- 1100 sq ft , two story -RRB- and tried many locations for both units with the same result . Three days of running downstairs at all times to reset the parent unit was enough ! I called Evenflo since the beep was somewhat different than what was described in the manual for the out of range signal -LRB- but also different from the pet detection signal and happened with the pet detection feature off as well -RRB- and they could not explain it , so this unit went back to the store . The pet detection feature is a great idea , but they need to improve the range on this monitor .
 The evenflo Whisper connect Sensa ... what a piece of junk . I watch my grandaughter everyday and can no longer use this piece of junk monitor . Why ? Simple . The finder beeper goes off constantly ! Sometimes many times in a row ! I 'm going out tomorrow and buy another one and am recommending to any and all to stay away from this product ! There is no sense in spending this much money on a monitor and having it be so annoying that you refuse to use it ! I just keep checking on her the old fashioned way .
 I purchased the Combi Savona hoping it would be my all-in-one stroller - light weight for travel , small to fit in my trunk , universal for use with any car seat , and fully reclining , so it can be used from newborn to 40lbs . The Combi is all these things . HOWEVER , the flimsy back of the stroller can not be locked into position and the padding is attached with velcro . Even when strapped in snuggly using the 5-point harness -LRB- and several frustrating adjustment straps -RRB- , my 22lb 6 month old can pull himself forward by the snack tray , pulling the cushion and the seat back forward . This causes my son to slide around in the seat . The Combi is unsafe as a stand-alone stroller . And , Combi will not return my calls for a refund -LRB- poor customer service -RRB- .
 I have bought so many stroller since my baby was born and his is now 21 months . I am looking for what every parent looks for , a comfortable baby and an easy stroller to maneuver . I also look for an easy to carry and to close stroller , so far I have only found that on my Maclaren . I recently bought this stroller really cheap and I regret spending the money on it . Is bulky and not that easy to open and close . I decided to use it when I go shopping because it has a great basket , but I do n't want to use it not even for that . It is very difficult to maneuver and very hard to open and close , specially with a boy that as soon he is off the stroller he runs away from me in the street . If you have a kid like that you need a stroller that you could open and close with one hand while holding your child , and so far the Maclaren is the best .
 I love the look of the cosleeper . It is beautiful and I 've gotten many compliments on it . Unfortunately , my baby wo n't sleep in it . The mattress is very uncomfortable and not soft and the sheet is scratchy . It also does n't incline at all , which bothers my baby with reflux . I think a bassinet that rocks and inclines would be a better option . I 'm hoping she 'll like this when she gets older and at least it turns into a bench later .
 This swing is all right , my son loves to swing in it and it 's useful when he 's fighting sleep ... it 's what will finally get him to give in . But , my son is only 3 months old and the mobile has fallen off and hit him in the head twice now . The first time it fell off I thought I had attached it wrong , or too loosely . I left it off for a few days , and today I reattached it , assuring that it was SECURE ... I was doing the dishes and my son had fallen asleep in the swing and all of a sudden I hear a bang and he just started SCREAMING . The mobile had once again fallen off and hit him square on the top of the head , leaving a red mark just to the left of his soft spot . I immediately came here to my computer to write this . BEWARE of the mobile ! Also , my mobile , like the other reviews , also swings back out of baby 's view . I have now taken the mobile off and will LEAVE it off . Too dangerous for baby.Good swing , terrible mobile attachment
 I bought this swing for my daughter when she was a month old . I loved the look of the swing , plus it gave great head support , and it did n't hurt that my friend had the same one and loved it . Well about a month after I purchased it my friend 's motor blew on her swing . Luckily babies r us gave her a new one . I figured she just got a bad swing until this morning the motor on my swing blew as well . Only after 3 months of using it ... and it 's not like my daughter over used it ... I put her in it only every other day for no more than 20 mintutes so it 's definately not from wearing it out !!!! For the money I paid for this swing I expected to use it for a second child !!!! So 2 of these swings motor blew that ca n't be a concidence !!!!!
 I was not a big fan of this swing . My daughter only used it a few times and she hated it . Her head always fell forward ! I do not recommend this swing or even any like it . I wish I would have bought a cradle swing ! I put my daughter in my friends cradle swing and she fell right to sleep ! I think fisherprice makes one and then there is the baby papasan ? That is a good one ! I will definitly be buying a cradle swing for the next baby !
 I hate this swing . It was a gift , and the box looked pretty . It was kinda difficult to assemble . The music is kinda whine-y , but my daughter seems to like it . What I hate most is the way the 6 speed feature works ! There are two buttons , a green one for slow and a red one for fast . Then you push the green/red button once , twice , or three times to pick the speed . Really annoying !! The music button is even more annoying ! When you just want to turn the stupid thing off , you have to push it three times ! The quietest option is sooo faint , that sometimes you can tell if you 're just going crazy or if it 's still on!I was in Babies R Us the other day , and there are much nicer swings now ! They have knobs that you can control speed/volume , instead of having to push stupid buttons a hundred times .
 My husband tried to put this swing together twice -LRB- two different sets -RRB- . The first one was missing parts and the second one 's fabric cover did not fit right . So , we are now opting to purchase a completely different swing on the third try .
 I am a first time mother . One thing that I have learned is never to pick something beacause you like the pattern . I love the Windsor pattern , so I figured I would register for all of the items in Windsor print . I recevied them all . The item I like the least is the swing . It was n't exactly easy to put together . The mobile was the hardest part . Once you think you get it on , it just keeps falling off . I got so aggravated , I just gave up and kept the mobile off . When my six month old son falls asleep his head always ends up falling to the side or in his lap , no matter how far it is reclined and even with the head insert in . It sure is n't a quiet swing , it makes a clicking noise everytime it goes back and forth . It goes through batteries like crazy . My son has learned to unhook the tray and when he does he just about falls out . I 'm not happy with it at all . The only reason I gave it two stars is because the pattern is very nice . I went and bought the linkadoos take along swing , which I love and am completely satisfied with . Never register for an item or buy an item just because you like the pattern and want a matching set , you may end up with something you hate : -RRB-
 I requested this swing for my babyshower . I have my 3rd daughter and needed a new swing since my last child was a baby 7 years ago . I do like the open top , and I like the colors I have -LRB- a green plaid -RRB- . But I do not care for the size . My daughter is 4 mo. now and she is a big girl . She does not really fit comfortably in the seat that seems not quite wide enough for her . I am not very impressed with the buttons you have to push a dozen times , and we have a decent sized house but the swing just seems to `` big '' at the base . Maybe this is normal for full sized swings but I don ; t really like the amount of space the entire swing takes up . This is just my opinion . Hope this helps someone . : - -RRB-
 This swing never worked consistently . At first thought it was draining batteries but realized it 's a motor issue . Now the motor is shot -LRB- of course it 's past the warranty period -RRB- . Seems a common theme based on other reviews . We did n't use it very often either.Bought the Fisher Price Ocean Wonders Swing used for our second child -LRB- did n't want to spend another $ 100 on a swing -RRB- and have not had any problems . Have used it twice as much as we used the Graco .
 We orginally had the swingomatic and returned it within two weeks of having it . The motor is ten times as loud as any other swing , it requires a push start every time , and sometimes that does n't even work , and the customer service at Graco is HORRENDOUS.Save yourself time and headache and buy the Fisher Price one for 10 bucks more . You 'll thank yourself .
 I never got to use this sheet . I pre-washed it and put it to dry on low heat as I 've done with all the baby clothes . I later saw the label said to air dry , which seems ridiculous for something that 'll be washed so often . Anyway , it shrunk and does n't fit over the co-sleeper mattress . If you have time/space to air dry it , it 's probably a fine product .
 Upon receipt of the sheets , I read the description indicating the sheet is 65 % polyester and 35 % cotton . The description for the item provided by Arm 's Reach and sold by Baby Bungalow state made of 100 % cotton . Very disappointing . Between the cost and the shipping , this product is substandard.Arm 's Reach Mini Co-Sleeper Fitted Sheet
 We are still waiting on the arrival of our baby , but we have our co-sleeper set up and ready to go . I searched high and low for more sheets to fit this bed and found i would have to order them online . I can handle the $ 15 for the sheet , a little pricey but i 'd probably still buy it , but then found the shipping to cost another $ 6 . Now that 's an expensive sheet . So , i searched BRU and found that a regular `` cradle sheet '' fits quite well and is softer and much cheaper - $ 6 each . Just have to tuck one end in tightly , do n't have to worry about hang drying it like the arm 's reach one .10 / 3/2011
 We ordered this sheet because the price seemed reasonable , and it was advertised as 100 % cotton . Received a natural sheet , as ordered , but it was 65 % polyester and 35 % cotton . We saw this same problem in someone else 's review . These are sheets from the Arm 's Reach company . Seems like they 've changed their composition , or Amazon has n't updated the website to reflect the product they 're selling . Be aware .
 80 % cotton , 20 % polyester . would not have ordered if i had known it was not 100 % cotton . hopefully amazon will update this information.Arm 's Reach Co-Sleeper Bassinet Mini Sheet , White
 The velcro that attaches to the mattress does keep the sheets snug , but getting the sheet off requires some force and can pull too -LSB- ... -RSB- the seams of the bed . I do n't trust that no damage is going to occur.I bought the expensive organic sheet from Arm 's Reach for the mini co-sleeper , and I like it because the velcro does not attach . Maybe that 's a flaw , but it is so much easier to get on and off -LRB- and avoid damaging the bed -RRB- , and it 's plenty snug . Plus , no pesticides used with it .
 Just received my mini co-sleeper sheet . Will return it . I did not notice but it 's 65 % polyester . I myself would never choose to sleep on a poly sheet . Why should my baby ? Hardly anything could be better than cotton for a baby 's sheet ! .
 I wish another company made sheets that fit the Arm 's Reach cosleeper because this sheet is not of such great quality . It 's not soft even after washing . For the price they should have made a better product .
 Arm 's Reach really knows how to rob people . These sheets are ridiculously expensive - especially considering how low the thread count feels on them . I appreciate that they have velcro in all the right spots and are designed with the cosleeper specifically in mind . But considering that this is an item that you 'll need more than one of due to the occasional night-time diaper leak or spit-up , it pains me to pay full price for them . The washing label requests that these sheets be air-dryed -LRB- possibly b/c of all the velcro ? -RRB- . I 've accidentally put mine in the dryer a few times with out shrinkage . But , if you 're the type of person who does everything by the book , the air drying can be inconvenient if you do n't have another clean sheet on hand .
 Got the sheet , washed it , and then went to put them on the bed . The width is fine and measures the 19 '' listed on the site . The length , however , was closer to 30 '' , so it was a good few inches too short for the mattress . Hopefully the company will allow for some sort of return . Otherwise , the sheet will probably just make a nice set of dust rags .
 I never got to use this sheet . I pre-washed it and put it to dry on low heat as I 've done with all the baby clothes . I later saw the label said to air dry , which seems ridiculous for something that 'll be washed so often . Anyway , it shrunk and does n't fit over the co-sleeper mattress . If you have time/space to air dry it , it 's probably a fine product .
 Upon receipt of the sheets , I read the description indicating the sheet is 65 % polyester and 35 % cotton . The description for the item provided by Arm 's Reach and sold by Baby Bungalow state made of 100 % cotton . Very disappointing . Between the cost and the shipping , this product is substandard.Arm 's Reach Mini Co-Sleeper Fitted Sheet
 We are still waiting on the arrival of our baby , but we have our co-sleeper set up and ready to go . I searched high and low for more sheets to fit this bed and found i would have to order them online . I can handle the $ 15 for the sheet , a little pricey but i 'd probably still buy it , but then found the shipping to cost another $ 6 . Now that 's an expensive sheet . So , i searched BRU and found that a regular `` cradle sheet '' fits quite well and is softer and much cheaper - $ 6 each . Just have to tuck one end in tightly , do n't have to worry about hang drying it like the arm 's reach one .10 / 3/2011
 We ordered this sheet because the price seemed reasonable , and it was advertised as 100 % cotton . Received a natural sheet , as ordered , but it was 65 % polyester and 35 % cotton . We saw this same problem in someone else 's review . These are sheets from the Arm 's Reach company . Seems like they 've changed their composition , or Amazon has n't updated the website to reflect the product they 're selling . Be aware .
 80 % cotton , 20 % polyester . would not have ordered if i had known it was not 100 % cotton . hopefully amazon will update this information.Arm 's Reach Co-Sleeper Bassinet Mini Sheet , White
 The velcro that attaches to the mattress does keep the sheets snug , but getting the sheet off requires some force and can pull too -LSB- ... -RSB- the seams of the bed . I do n't trust that no damage is going to occur.I bought the expensive organic sheet from Arm 's Reach for the mini co-sleeper , and I like it because the velcro does not attach . Maybe that 's a flaw , but it is so much easier to get on and off -LRB- and avoid damaging the bed -RRB- , and it 's plenty snug . Plus , no pesticides used with it .
 Got the sheet , washed it , and then went to put them on the bed . The width is fine and measures the 19 '' listed on the site . The length , however , was closer to 30 '' , so it was a good few inches too short for the mattress . Hopefully the company will allow for some sort of return . Otherwise , the sheet will probably just make a nice set of dust rags .
 Just received my mini co-sleeper sheet . Will return it . I did not notice but it 's 65 % polyester . I myself would never choose to sleep on a poly sheet . Why should my baby ? Hardly anything could be better than cotton for a baby 's sheet ! .
 I wish another company made sheets that fit the Arm 's Reach cosleeper because this sheet is not of such great quality . It 's not soft even after washing . For the price they should have made a better product .
 Arm 's Reach really knows how to rob people . These sheets are ridiculously expensive - especially considering how low the thread count feels on them . I appreciate that they have velcro in all the right spots and are designed with the cosleeper specifically in mind . But considering that this is an item that you 'll need more than one of due to the occasional night-time diaper leak or spit-up , it pains me to pay full price for them . The washing label requests that these sheets be air-dryed -LRB- possibly b/c of all the velcro ? -RRB- . I 've accidentally put mine in the dryer a few times with out shrinkage . But , if you 're the type of person who does everything by the book , the air drying can be inconvenient if you do n't have another clean sheet on hand .
 I bought this for my son . I thought it was a good buy and that he would use it for a long time . He is now two weeks old and the motor has gone out on the swing . That makes him mad , so I am having to replace it . Not very smart buy if you have to replace it .
 I would recommend getting cheaper sheets made for a playpen . These started unraveling after one wash ! Not worth the money .
 I purchased an arms reach co-sleeper and nearly choked when I saw the price of the sheets . My mom told me to try a king size pillow case and it fit like a glove . So instead of paying 20 bucks with shipping , I spent 10 dollars for a pack of two king size pillow cases at a local store . They fit perfect and now I can get more for the buck .
 The list price is incorrect as you can purchase this sheet from the manufacturer for just one cent more at USD 15.00 . You are NOT saving 25 % ! You also have a much better choice of colors if you purchase from the manufacturer .
 I just received this item today and was very surprised by the way the cotton feels . In a word - terrible . It feels very cheap like the sheets they 'd use on hospital beds . I 'm sending it back and forking over the extra money for something higher quality .
 I was extremely disappointed with these sheets . I 'm pretty sure they claimed to have the velcro strips that attach to the velcro on the co-sleeper , but they do not . They are so thin that you can see through them and they are rough to the touch , too . I was really shocked that these are even something you can legally sell as a sheet . Thats how bad they are . And of course , I have n't had time to return them , but definitely plan to .
 This gate seemed good when I first installed it but , after 3 months the small pieces of plastic that hold the gate in place when closed has broken . That is one of the few pieces of plastic on this gate but in a very crucial spot . The foot pedal was also very hard to use and eventually made the gate hands free no longer as you would often need to support yourself before slamming down on the pedal . I am very disappointed in this gate and would not recommend it for anyone . I normally assume that you get what you pay for , so I expected a lot more from this gate .
 This gate was great for a barrier gate for my school age kids and for a temporay gate for our baby . It would be good for pets.However , when my baby turned 12 months he figured how to take off the foot press , when he applied a little pressure to the gate without the foot press the gate would open . Therefor , he was free to rome the house and we caught him heading head first down the stairs within seconds of pushing this gate open . This gate needs to be remodified ! I feel bad that I have to be negative -- this is not our nature ! However , our kids come first !!!
 I bought this to be used on my stairways . No problem while going up the stairs , but while coming down it 's difficult to push the pedal with baby in hand -LRB- or even with hands free -RRB- as there is hardly any spacee between the pedal and the stair .
 We needed a gate to separate the great room from the hallway with all the bedrooms and bathrooms off it to keep my baby and dogs out of there when we were n't watching . This one does an alright job . It does n't look terrible -LRB- like some of the gates I 've seen -RRB- and it 's high enough to keep my large dogs from trying to jump over.The gate is opened by pushing the foot pedal on the bottom . The pedal is a bit unstable and the mechanism that opens the gate is in the rod above the pedal , pushing down allows the nubs on the door to come free . Unfortunately ours make a really loud squeak when you do this , and I ca n't figure out how to oil the interior mechanism to keep it from doing this . Because of this , we have to leave the gate open while the baby is napping to avoid waking her up with it . I also do n't like the bottom brace because it 's easy to stub your toe on when you 're distracted.Overall it 's functional , but the squeak limits its usefulness for me .
 Extensions should automatically come with this gate because no one has a doorway small enough for the gate to work by itself . The gate is flimsy if you extend the rods to the full capacity , so basically it does n't extend to 34 '' without jeopardizing the security of the gate . The gate only extends to 31 '' safely . Overall I returned both gates for the Sure & Secure Extra Tall Gate which is better because the extensions were already included in the price .
 Yeah , thanks , Egon . The instructions mention quite clearly that this gate is NOT recommended for the top of the stairs . It would have been better for me if I had known this BEFORE I ordered the gate and began to install it , though . Nowhere does this info appear in the Amazon product information.I 'm sure this is a great gate for what it is , it 's just that it 's not what I need . And I would have appreciated knowing that before I bought it .
 We registered for this gate because we wanted something that we did not have to step over and that opened easily . My husband installed the gate just last month . The gate is not very wide like most gates , so he had to pull the extensions out to the maximum allowance . I have the gate at the entrance to my kitchen . One day I needed to open the hot oven , so I picked up my daughter and reached over the gate to set her down . When I did the gate came loose , I lost my balance , and the gate and myself came crashing down on top of my nine month old daughter !!!!! Fortunately my husband was just a few feet away because I was not able to move without hurting her more . He ran over and threw the gate up and grabbed her . I do n't know what I would have done had he not been there . We thank God that all she suffered was some bruising on her back from where the gate hit her . My husband reinstalled the gate and made sure the extensions were tight , but about every week they come loose again . I like the convenience of this gate , but am keeping a close eye on it . I certainly will not lean over it again !!! I may even contact consumer affairs about its safety .
 We 've had this gate for a year and a half and have been very pleased with it . Until tonight when my two year got her knee stuck in the gate . I was on one side with liquid soap while my husband was on the other trying to stretch the rails . After a few seconds we got her out . But now we are looking at other gates to replace this one .
 i bought one of these gates in 2007 and it has the kneepad on it - it was great ; easy to use , easy to install , has held up well . with a new baby , i need another one so i purchased this one since it is a newer model . this was still easy to install but the foot pedal keeps getting stuck and it makes it very difficult to open the gate in one step . i find myself having to stomp on the pedal 3 or 4 times to get it to open . i 'm not happy with the new design of the gate versus the 2007 version .
 Loved the idea of having a hands free gate , but after using for a couple months the foot pedal started to come apart . Now the gate is extremely difficult to open and close . It has become a huge pain to use , I 'll be switching back to my old hand operated gate that actually works !
 We got this gate to help keep our dogs separate from our bedroom and it works fine for that . I am also pregnant right now and the gate was a replacement for a stationary gate that we used before that I had to step over . Our thoughts were that once we have the baby this will be very useful when you have your hands full -LRB- of baby -RRB- . Well we ordered this gate after reading all of the other reviews and I have to say that I was a little disappointed when we got it all setup . The setup was simple enough and very easy , but the reviews and images led me to believe that the gate would have a transitional piece that would lay on the floor as a sort of bumper to the bottom support rail that helped prevent toe stubs and general tripping . Unfortunately this gate did not include that . I read before I ordered that you may receive either of the two different styles -LRB- one has a flat top and one has an arched top -RRB- . Well we received the one with the arched top and that one does n't come with the transition piece for some reason . -LRB- It 's noted that you will receive one or the other style top , but nothing about other pieces of the product being different -RRB- . Also , the images and description show that the gate has a knee plate that allows you to bump open the gate once you step on the lever . Ours did not come with this either . You can still hit the gate with your knee to open it , but you 're `` bumping '' metal bars , so it 's not as comfy . I see a bruise in my future if I do n't get the lever pressed down far enough and go to `` bump it open '' . It does still operate as described , just not as comfortable to open hands free as we originally thought . The foot lever does take a good deal of pressure to depress , which means a child or animal could n't open it , but I 've found it 's sometimes difficult for me to make sure that I 've depressed the lever all the way to the floor before I go to swing the gate open . Also , our lever is very squeaky which I assume we can correct with some WD40 , we just have n't attempted yet . -LRB- We 'll need to do this before the baby comes because the noise is definitely loud enough to wake him up if we walked through the gate when he was sleeping . -RRB- There were some concerns noted about the width being more narrow , but as a 5 month pregnant lady , it is comfortable to walk through to me and does n't feel too narrow.I would recommend that Amazon rework the description of this product .
 This gate is made of steel but the very thing that keeps it closed is made of plastic !!! I am talking about the two protruding plastic things by the step and directly above it where you would place your hand to swing open . When these break off , they are not reparable . I can not superglue . There is no glue that will glue the very thing that makes this gate close . BAD gate . Also , this gate has the tendency to swing back at you . Kids got hit in the face . You just need to make sure both plastic things touch the other side of the gate which causes it to close .
 The foot pedal is a great idea , which is what drew me to purchase the gate . However the gate opening was EXTREMELY narrow ! To fit through the gate you would need to be slender and not be carrying anything , especially not an infant car seat . The gate itself also did not fit my stair opening , which is also not a wide space . There is an additional piece that could be purchased for wide spaces , but at this point I no longer wanted to keep the item , so I sent it back .
 Great idea , but the cheap and easily-broken plastic parts in critical spots -LRB- foot pedal which is constantly being stomped on , of course ! and hinge -RRB- render the product less than ideal . The company replaced the foot pedal twice , but the pieces under the actual pedal broke , and the gate became very difficult to open . Last night , the plastic hinge broke , so I 'm off to buy something else !
 We bought the gate so that our three older children did not have to climb over a gate . They are 9,6 and 3 years old . Our 19 month old was able to master this gate in three weeks by watching everyone else open the gate . He is only 28 pounds but by jumping on the pedal and pushing the door , he is able to open the gate making it usless .
 We have been through 2 of these gates now . Both lasted about 3 months each . The problem is the foot pedal . After a while it begins to weaken and eventually it completely breaks off into pieces , leaving the gate unusable . Great while it works . Have taken both back and exchanged them . Also you have to readjust occasionally as it does loosen and slip .
 Not sure how long the many glowing reviewers for this product actually owned the gate before writing their reviews . We had it 4 months and it no longer works without slamming the gate shut . The mechanism on the bottom of the actual gate itself -LRB- which is not adjustable , unlike the top -RRB- no longer moves smoothly into the gate , allowing the gate to shut . For pennies more The First Years -LRB- manufacturer of the gate -RRB- could have made a much more robust design that would have lasted for years . Instead they decided to save a few cents per copy and made a defective product , which I unfortunately spent $ 50.00 on .
 The product is a great idea , but after a few months of use the foot pedals on the two I bought both broke off.Do not buy this product until this problem is fixed .
 The gate was great at first . Very east to install and operate . After 4 months of use the footpdeal began to bend and eventually broke off , rendering the gate useless . I never bought another one .
 James is a little strong for his age and obviously smarter than the designer of this gate . After watching us step on the gate a few times he mastered it to . Guess we 're back to using a more traditional locking system that 's really kid-proof .
 We bought this gate for the top of the stairs to keep our 10 month old safe . Installation was easy , but we learned very quickly this was n't the gate we were looking for . It was a bit difficult for us to open as we really had to use a lot of force on the petal -LRB- more like slam -RRB- to get it to open , which made it impossible for our 11 year old to open . This created a problem as one of us had to stop whatever we were doing to let her up or down the stairs.Operating the gate going downstairs was not as much of an issue as opening it going upstairs . It felt unsafe to lift your leg up to open with your other leg planted on the top step . Any loss of balance and you 're having to catch yourself before you tumble down the stairs.Lastly , you have to manually close the gate as it does not automatically close behind you like other gates . All in all , we found this gate to be better in a non high traffic area like a laundry room or an area where pets are kept . We replaced it with the Dreambaby Swing Open gate and have been very happy with it .
 I purchased this item because it seemed to be the answer to my issue of always having to manually put up and take down my current gate to keep my one year old from going near the stairs . Unfortunately , this item is not safe at all . The `` lock '' mechanism is about a quarter of an inch long which means that the slightest touch will allow the gate swing open . If a child were to lean on it or bang on it as they usually do , this gate flies open . Needless to say , I have returned the item to Amazon for a refund . Please consider another option and avoid running the risk of injury to your little one !
 I owned this gate with my 2nd child . It broke after only 4 months . I tried it again with my 3rd child thinking that perhaps it was just a fluke that it broke . However , it is EXTREMEMLY DANGEROUS . My son is 12 months old , and in the past week , he has gotten his knee stuck 5 times ! Thankfully , somebody was with me each time , so one adult could pry at the bars of the gate , while the other greased his knee with butter and gently tried to pull it out . Tonight , however , it really hurt his knee/thigh . VERY BAD PRODUCT . THIS GATE HURTS KIDS !
 Install gate 4 months ago in a nursery at our church and everyone including myself thought it was nice , easy to use and fit our needs . But after last Sunday I found it laying &#60; br / &#62; aside , so I ask what 's wrong ? The lady said it quit working , and would not unlock . I took it apart to see what failed . I found the unlocking bar broke at the bottom end . I was made of very thin metal . What good is a gate made to last many years on the outside , but wo n't take daily use for 4 months ? Sorry the product was not worth the price I paid for it and I feel it was just another ripoff .
 We have an older version of this gate that we really like . The one without the arch on the top of the gate part.It has a plastic molded ramp-like piece that fits onto the bottom so that things can be rolled through the gate easily . Its great for our daughter that pushes things with wheels around.The newer version of this gate -LRB- same Y3600 model number -RRB- that has the arched gate does NOT include the ramp-like threshold and simply has a metal strut that goes across the bottom.It isnt roll-friendly . Its being returned and we are going to look for the another one of the older ones .
 This is a great gate if you have a child that wo n't try everything she can to open it . My daughter quickly figured out that if she jumped on the foot pedal a few times , it would open it . Now my daughter is very determined and resourceful . Kids that are more content and calm might be fine with it .
 I 've been in desperate need of a lot of baby gates to put up in several places in my home now that my 1 yr . old is active and crawling around . So , I purchased the Hands-free gate for our kitchen/dinning room entrance . I was so disappointed when I could not install it due to our kick molding . We have it thru out the house so I could n't install it in any room.Even though they are a bit of a pain to install , I 've found that the Safeway and Configure gates are much , much more reliable and safer .
 really like this gate , love the foot pedal , the problem I have is that there are 7 photographs of the gate , 5 of which show a ramp at the bottom bar to prevent tripping . 2 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 . While photos 6,7,8 look like customer provided photos , # 2 is definately a manufacture provided photograph . the gate arrived today and it does not have the bottom plastic ramp that my other first years foot pedal gates have ... Really stinks that they do n't say that they have stopped shipping the bottom trip ramp .
 We were excited to find a good gate that we could get shipped to us -LRB- military family overseas -RRB- . Thing is , it broke within the first week ! The spring inside busted so it would not stay locked . It worked for a while even with the broken spring . After a while tho , our dog and daughter both figured out how to open it . : P
 The upper hinge broke . We have it taped right now but sooner or later it will be replaced with something more reliable.It 's very narrow and does not provide well for differences in wall width at the top and bottom -LRB- baseboard -RRB- .
 You need at least 2 inches of flat surface by the floor in order for the bottom pressure pads to work . If you have molding , there might not be enough area for the pads .
 I seriously dislike this unit for preventing the baby from going up or down a set of stairs . Going down the stairs with a baby in your arms can be dangerous with the center piece having a floor attached `` bump component ; '' even despite the curve they have added to not catch your foot -LRB- it still does catch at times -RRB- . It has it 's pluses comparing to other units I have seen so far . For one , you do not have to drill the walls to attach it . However , at the top of a stairwell there is no escaping that -LRB- having to drill -RRB- to have safety , as far as I can see . I am returning this one & going to look for one that attaches to the walls and does not have anything to trip over .
 We installed this gate at the top of our stairs yesterday ; today , our 11-month old son opened it and fell down the stairs . He 's not hurt , thankfully , but clearly the gate is n't very effective . The gate was properly installed and securely closed , but he was able to open it by standing on the foot pedal while holding onto the top of the gate.The gate itself seems well-constructed and is very easy for my husband and I to use ; however , because it 's also so easy for our baby to use , we 'll be replacing it with a different gate tonight.I ca n't recommend this gate for installation in critical areas of your home .
 I thought this was the best gate out there until our 22 month old daughter got her leg stuck between the bars . Since they are made of such durable metal , the bars had to be sawed in half to get her leg out because her leg was turning blue . Now I see why the inexpensive wooden ones with plastic are better . I went back and looked at the instruction manual to see if I was somehow misusing the gate and the only thing I could see related to this incident was `` never leave child unattended '' . The gate was in her bedroom doorway and I was in the next room for 5 minutes when she got her leg stuck . Until this incident , we thought this was the best gate ever and never even had any problems with the plastic pedal breaking . I never even thought about legs getting stuck between the bars when we bought this gate , but before posting this review , I 've read all the other reviews and saw 2 or 3 with the same comment .
 Our 15 month old grandson is able to pull up on the foot pedal and remove it , then push the gate open . The First Years company has indicated we need to replace the foot pedal but is not broken , just easy to pull up and remove . We had no idea it was that easy until he did it . As grandparents who want to keep a toddler out of non-childproof areas , this product did not work for us and we would not recommend it to others .
 While it works , it 's a pretty good gate . However , the locking mechanism on ours was worn out after 6 months . When calling customer service , they told us to cut the whole lock off of the gate and mail it to them for review before they would do anything . Totally ridiculous . There are better , less complex gates out there . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere .
 Love the gate BUT poor quality control on the manufacturing - sharp piece of metal stuck out and caused puncture wound on my finger . Make sure you check thoroughly before letting baby near it
 my husband and i bought this gate to keep our son , who is now 13 months , from crawling over to our coat closet and to keep him from reaching the stairs -LRB- bottom not top -RRB- . this gate first off was a pain to install . the extendable screws kept falling out and moving as i was trying to tighten the gate . and now the gate moves . it is installed over tile floor and it constantly slips and slides when i press the foot pedal . i like that its hands free but it is too much of a pain otherwise for me to really like it .
 WE USED TWO OF THESE GATES IN OUR HOME FOR APPROXIMATELY 2 WEEKS UNTIL ONE DAY MY NINE MONTH-OLD DAUGHTER SCOOTED OVER AND LIFTED THE FOOTPETAL - THUS ALLOWING THE GATE TO SWING WIDE OPEN . I CONTACTED THE MANUFACTURER VIA BOTH PHONE AND EMAIL AND THEIR ANSWER WAS `` THE FOOT PEDAL SHOULD SNAP INTO PLACE ... A NINE MONTH OLD SHOULD NOT BE ABLE TO OPEN IT '' . NO KIDDING ! BUT IT DOES N'T SNAP INTO PLACE AND SHE DID IN FACT OPEN IT VERY EASILY . THE MANUFACTURER THEN TOLD US TO TAKE A HAMMER AND BREAK OFF THE BASE THAT THE PEDAL MOUNTS TO SO I CAN MAIL IT TO THEM -LRB- AT MY COST -RRB- FOR FURTHER INSPECTION . THAT IS THE MOST RIDICULOUS THING I 'VE EVER HEARD IN MY LIFE ! INSTEAD , I BROUGHT BOTH GATES TO THE RETAIL CHAIN THEY WERE PURCHASED FROM AND SHOWED THEM THE PROBLEM - THEY AGREED THAT THERE WAS A DEFECT AND GAVE ME TWO NEW GATES FROM A DIFFERENT MANUFACTURER THAT WE LOVE . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE WITH CHILDREN . IT MIGHT BE GREAT FOR DOGS BUT I REGISTERED AT BABIES R US , NOT PETCO .
 After reading the reviews , I ordered this gate to keep my small dogs -LRB- < 8Ib -RRB- from coming into my baby 's room when we are playing on the floor . But they are able to get through the sides of the gate . Also I thought since it stated its hands free gate , the gate would swing open when you step on the pedal , but it does n't . You have to push the gate open after you step on the pedal or use your knee to open the gate .
 This gate went on sale very cheap so I bought and instead of sending it to me they sent me neosporin and returned my money . They did not even email me to let me know . I am very disapointed and I think its odd that they sent a tube of neosporin . Maybe it was for the hurt that not receiving my gate caused : -RRB-
 Unless I am doing something wrong , I can not get the top pressure mounts to stay in place without tightening the screws to the points where the door pin is jammed into the latch . I spoke with a manufacturer 's CSR and got very little help other than try until I find a spot where the door can open yet be tight enough to hold . That 's not going to happen . Unfortunately I must return the product .
 My Son is 18 months old . I have had my gate for many years and it has been nothing but trouble . My Son keeps getting stuck in between the bars . He has sprained his knee and almost broke it Four times.Concerned , Customer
 I needed a gate for the top of the stairs , and searched Amazon for `` baby gate top of stairs . '' This gate is the second item returned . Nowhere in the description does it say that this gate should not be used at the top of the stairs . Of course as soon as we opened the box the instructions clearly say DO NOT USE AT THE TOP OF STAIRS . The gate works great in the upstairs hallway , but we 'll still need to buy a different gate at some point if we want the baby to have access to our room .
 I immediately took it back . It seemed that only one of the metal fasteners was bad , but this was enough for me to not want this brand again . Maybe I just got a bad one , but I would thoroughly inspect this item while you installing .
 I do NOT recommend this gate . The one I bought was mismanufactured , and I could never get a secure fit . Additionally , I received a HUGE bloodblister while trying to put it together . I certainly expected more from The First Years and from a gate in this price range . I am so disappointed in this product and am returning it shortly .
 DO NOT try to use for stairs with wooden banisters . Super easy assembly but we found that they require such pressure on each side to close gate properly that instead of securing into place , it actually pulled the banister from the wall .
 The baby gate arrived quickly and was well packaged ; however , after putting the gate up , I realized that it was slightly bent and does n't align well with the door frame , making it more difficult to open and close . The pedal does still work . I got this gate for my dogs in order to keep them separate from the cat . Unfortunately , if they jump on the gate hard enough they can push it down . I think I would have been better off getting a gate that needed to be screwed into the wall . The hands free opener is a nice touch and the dogs have n't been able to figure it out .
 I have never purchased an item that had as many defects as this gate . I bought two , and did n't even bother opening the second one . Three of the four pressure bolts had severe defects in the threads , making them unusable . The foot lock worked ok , but the top was at least an inch and a half from making contact with the brace.I guess everyone else on here got a good one , but to me this is not even worthy of a single star , which I ca n't do . I also left my feedback on the manufacturer 's homepage . 100 % unacceptable .
 This product might be great but the condition it arrived in was n't . I ordered it for my niece as a baby shower gift . It was shipped in the box the gate comes in and arrived torn , big holes and the gate partially exposed with scratches . I was surprised that UPS would leave a box that arrived in such poor shape . I did not have time to send back and reorder so purchased another gift at the last minute and told her to consider this a `` used '' gift . I just hope all the parts were in it -- she lives in another town and I have n't yet heard . I definately would not recommend purchasing this item .
 Very nice sturdy gate , pressure mounted , easy to install looks and works great . As long as you install it to a flat surface like a doorway or a hallway . I do not recomment it for using as a stair gate . I purchased two of them to install on our stairway however , hands free paddle does not work well on stairways . I would have kept the gate if itwasnt hands free , which initially I though was a good idea .
 This gate was advertised as `` Fits all standard doorways 29 '' to 34 '' wide '' . Our opening is 33 inches and the gate does not fit . I was dissappointed . This is the classic pitfall of buying online . It is so difficult to unpack and then repack to return . Will stick to local retailers in the future . Rather pay a couple dollars more for the convenience than loose the service .
 Assembling the gate tonight , I mistakenly pulled off the top plastic pieces that the pressure mounts go into . As I was trying to get it back in , I noticed the metal begin to crack a little . The bars themselves are rather durable , but where the plastic meets the metal , they are both soft and fragile . The plastic cover that fits over the adjustment nut kept separating from the metal nut , so to try to get them to stay together I used a plyer to sandwich them . Well the plastic cover cracked as well.Thirdly , the distance from the wall to our banister is approximately 39 inches . So we used one extension , however , even with one extension unit we had to extend the mounting units so far out -LRB- more than 3 quarters of the length of the mounting unit itself , -RRB- that it rattles the gate if you shake it and just does not look secure . And when we placed a second extension unit on , the entry way was n't wide enough for two extension units . Flimsy , is how I would discribe the areas around the top pressure mounts , along with the soft metal and plastic units . And yes , the foot pedal does not lock securely in place . I should have conducted more thorough research.I must be the dumbest assembler in the world when it comes to the baby gates , but this was my experiece .
 I thought the gate looked great and bought it and brought it home and the first thing I discovered is it only fits in an ordinary doorway - anything a little larger and it needs an extension . The First Years web site said that the gate extension kit was available at Babies R us - it was not and not on their web site either - and I could n't find it on the web anywhere either using all the different search engines . I guess I 'll just return it and start over if a call to the First Years does n't resolve this .
 I wanted to put this on a bedroom doorway , and put it up so it was level -LRB- took a little while -RRB- but the bedroom door would not close because the foot peddle on this gate was too wide . I was easy to open with foot but I neede the door to shut so I returned it .
 I looked at a lot of gates and thought this one looked the best . For one thing I only need it at times when my grandchildren visit from out of state which is not as often as we would like since they are all over 2000 miles away . This one was better than the wooden ones which fall down so easily and are a nuisance to open and close . I liked the idea that it could be installed without a lot of hardware and putting holes in my walls . By appearances it looked like it would do the job of keeping my grandchildren in the parts of the house where we wanted them without the adults having to canstantly keep them out of rooms that are off limits . The theory was great -- the reality was different . Within the first day of their visit , my 27 month old grandson not only had figured out how the gate opened but he was also able to open it on his own and thus defeated the whole purpose of the gate . I spent a lot of money on something that did n't work .
 I love the idea of this gate . It worked great for a few months . But we have had three foot pedals and replacements that have now broken . The gate is made of durable metal but for some reason they chose to make the foot pedal out of flimsy plastic . Not only is this inconvenient to have to keep getting replacement parts IT IS ALSO A CHOKE HAZARD . The supporting plastic breaks off in very small pieces which could easily be swallowed by a small child . If they could just fix the foot pedal issue I would have no problem giving this gate 5 stars !!
 At first I praised this gate too . I purchased this gate from this company -LRB- the first years top of the stair gate -RRB- for the first time just about 2 years ago when my daughter was just learning to crawl . But take it from someone who is very dissatisfied with the way I was treated like a number and pushed aside when I told the company that the hardware in the gate was not durable and after about the first 7-8 months of use the gate broke down . I needed this gate for the top of the stairs in a split level ranch home where there is no door blocking the stairs , and the main level of my home is the second floor . I told the company and they automatically sent me a replacement gate at no charge . I was happy once again because this gate was exactly what we had hoped it would be . Another 6-8 months passed and once again the hardware broke down again . Now expecting our second child and continuing to need the gate at the top of the stairs , I called once again to report the mechanical problem . I was basically told that it was our fault the gate had broken for the second time and that it was ridiculous that I was asking for a second replacement . After much hassle they finally sent me another gate but they stressed they were marking it in my record that WHEN the gate broke down again I was not to receive anymore replacements . I even spoke with a manager whom basically told me the same thing , It was our fault the gate had broken and that the gate was in a high traffic zone in my home and that is why it had broken down twice / ??????????????????? . I Ask anyone who is a consumer out there , `` Should that mater ? '' You need it especially to work in a high traffic area where there are stairs ! Would n't you expect it to work at least until your children are preschool age and able to steadily navigate stairs . Oh I did n't mention the hyper Brittany spaniel that is our pet . Even though our daughter Sam is now steady on her feet I worry that when the UPS guy rings the doorbell and my dog goes ballistic that she may accidentally knock Sam down the stairs . The company told me to break the hardware on the gate to get it to work . This was impossible . Listen I do n't like to complain I think they make things cheap these days and the only thing that matters is the money to the company . I will not buy another gate from this company again . The least the company could have done is refund my money so that I could buy a different gate . You know I was happy at the time they were sending me the second gate but after the whirl wind conversation I had I guess I was feeling just a little dumbfounded . But you know what ! WHEN the gate breaks down again I will call them again and complain . This time prepared for what they will dish out and if they refuse again to send me a replacement for their faulty product I will report them to the better business bureau . Buyer beware .
 I immediately took it back . It seemed that only one of the metal fasteners was bad , but this was enough for me to not want this brand again . Maybe I just got a bad one , but I would thoroughly inspect this item while you installing .
 I immediately took it back . It seemed that only one of the metal fasteners was bad , but this was enough for me to not want this brand again . Maybe I just got a bad one , but I would thoroughly inspect this item while you installing .
 Where did you hide the details
 Getting the gate to open and close is dang near impossible without extremely fine tuning the wall &#34; brackets . &#34; The idea is there , using a foot pedal to open it , but the follow through and build quality is basically crap . I ended up trimming back the little pins that go into the locking mechanism , to allow for easier opening and closing . Even with the modifications , the foot petal was coming off after maybe 50-100 openings . Also , you have to adjust the tension on the wall brackets about once a week or so , to keep it opening and closing properly and without tons of force.I do not recommend this product .
 Half of the problem is placement - we should not have placed this gate at the bottom of the stairs . It 's great if you want to go UP the stairs , but there 's not enough room for your whole foot to press down on the foot pedal after you come DOWN the stairs . Therefore , we had to place this gate on the first step of the staircase , rendering the foot pedal `` convenience '' inconvenient . Since it 's on the first step , that means there 's a bar running across the first step , which hurts to step on and is awkward to step around.The other problem is that I have to put a lot of weight on the pedal -LRB- which is awkward trying to do it in mid-air -RRB- which makes it dangerous if you 're holding baby . I thought hands-free would be nice , but it 's anything BUT hands-free since you need them to keep your balance and to swing the door open.So altogether , I 'm getting a different gate for the bottom of our staircase , because I 'm tires of the acrobats and force required to operate this one!In addition , we moved the gate to a different location , and it is STILL difficult to open . I have to put almost all of my weight onto the pedal to open it ! Ridiculous .
 The bar across the bottom is very tall and creates a terrible trip hazard . We boxed this item up and returned it as we imagined ourselves , baby in hand , falling down the stairs after we tripped over this gate . Really silly design .
 I have several baby gates so it 's not that I did n't install it right . Its just that my daughter could rip this one right out . The others that I had held up when she would do her monkey in a cage routine but this one would rip out . It holds on for a while but still she can tear it down . So I would n't recommend it .
 The gate did not fit into the entrance of our staircase and although the website of the manufacturer claims that there are extensions , none could be found on the site.Even though I could not complete the installation , the product itself did not inspire much confidence that it was going to withstand what we demanded of it , namely keeping our toddler daughter from falling down the stairs.In addition , the pieces used to put together the gate were of poor quality and tolerance . One only wishes that the manufacturers of such products understood that when dealing with safety , short-cuts in quality should never be tolerated .
 So we had a little bit of an interesting situation . My husband and I were moving in to my parents ' house after they built their house . We were preparing to live in the house about 1 year in advance , which is when I purchased this gate and installed it at my parents ' house for when they had my daughter over there . It was barely used for the good part of that year , left open most of the time . Right before we moved in , my daughter ran into the gate -LRB- was n't hurt , thank goodness -RRB- but it broke apart . Not only was the outside covered in plastic , the entire hinge was made of plastic ! Are you kidding me ? That much for a gate and you ca n't even give me a durable hinge ? Sorry , but this was a waste of money !
 After reading all the rave reviews , I ordered this product . After I opened it , I found that the construction quality was poor and the directions were equally disappointing . Not sure what the others were so excited about . My gate was soldered improperly so that it was so bent that the door could not be closed correctly . I tried my best to bend the metal frame and door but it was just too far off the mark . I am returning the gate today .
 The idea of a hands-free gate is great ; however , the plastic foot pedal on this gate broke in the first few weeks after installation . We fixed the pedal with duct tape and were able to use the gate for a couple months thereafter . Now , one of the two plastic tabs that secure/lock the gate closed is jammed inside of the gate and the remaining tab is too flimsy to hold . I will return it for a different one as soon as possible !!
 We love that this gate is hands free as it is in a frequently used passage to the laundry room , kitchen , garage , and bathroom . We use it with two extensions in a hallway to keep our young dog from visiting all parts of the house . I was excited that I could adjust it so that both my tiny 5 year old daughter and beefy 2 year old son could get through the gate . Unfortunately , when they stand on the foot pedal , they often put their hand on the top for support , right on top of the release mechanism . When they release off the pedal , their skin is captured and they have gotten several terrible blood blisters . It is a painful learning process!On the plus side , once installed , it is fairly secure . If used in a wooden door frame , I would expect there would never be a need to readjust . As we use it against somewhat flexible walls , it does wiggle loose eventually and require remounting . In addition , the bottom pressure mounts do not work against shoe moulding - we had to cut a couple of angled blocks and used non-slip rug pad to hold them in place . When it starts to become misaligned , it is difficult to close and open , which is frustrating.In all , for the price , -LRB- we had to buy two extensions -RRB- I am not happy . Between kissing hurt fingers and readjusting -LRB- which requires either the plastic wrench it came with or a real one -RRB- this gate is a constant reminder of the need for a better solution . Hopefully the pup will be trustworthy soon.p.s . If using it for a dog retainer , a small dog -LRB- under 10 lbs -RRB- can slip through the side bars . We had to add a clear piece of vinyl on each side -LRB- sold to childproof banisters -RRB- to keep her in when she was little .
 This seems to be well made but I have a 4 month old toy poodle . Weighs 3.2 pounds . She gets over this . Not good for any dog since they do n't come too much smaller than mine
 This sheet is very thin and not soft at all . It almost did n't even feel like we had a sheet on the mattress . Since the layer underneath was plastic , there was no breath-ability and it made him sweat really badly .
 I bought this sheet to go on my Arm 's Reach Co-sleeper Sleigh Bed Mattress -LRB- Organic -RRB- . It does n't even come close to fitting -- way too small . I returned it and will probably have to just wrap a blanket snuggly around the mattress in place of a sheet .
 This co-sleeper reeked of varnish . We had to return it because it smelled so terrible . I did n't want my baby breathing in the toxic fumes it was putting off . It really is a very attractive , sturdy , easy to install piece but the smell was too much for us .
 if you 're camping , in an area with bugs , or plan on running at dusk when bugs emerge - than this is a great product . it protects the baby from bugs flying into their face.it 's easy to put on when you get the hang of it . seems durable and will last . i 'd give it 4 stars if it was labeled Bug Shield , but since they are advertising it as a sun shield , i feel it is very misleading.as a sun protector , SKIP IT . i wanted it to protect from the sun 's rays , but quickly learned it was pointless . since you have to retract the sunshield to get it on - the sun goes directly into your child 's face . the oval is made of gray mesh and does nothing to shield the sun . only if you 're facing away from the sun or out when the sun is directly overhead does it work . it will go on if you leave the sunshade down , it does n't sit flat and there are gaps - but it can work . or assemble correctly and throw a hand towel over the top half of the oval.bug protector = good.sun shield = horrible
 I bought this so that I could take my 7 month old for walks without having to slather her in sunscreen . The information sheet that came with the product said it only blocks `` up to 65 % '' of the sun . When I used it , I found it blocked closer to 0 % . I gave it one star because it is totally useless for its intended purpose.That said , it looks like it would do a good job of blocking bugs so if you are looking for a Bug Shield , this would likely work for you . If I take my daughter for walks on buggy trails , I will dig this product out of the basement . Otherwise , completely useless .
 Description of the item does not mention that it can only fit newer models of co-sleepers . Ours was purchased early 2004 and the extensions we bought do not fit . If the underside of your co-sleeper 's feet has a plastic line/tab that goes down the middle of the U-shaped foot , then you have the older model .
 Received this item and it would not fit on our cosleeper . After much searching on the internet I discovered that the design of the legs was changed on the co-sleepers approx . 2 years ago -LRB- 2003 ? -RRB- and the leg extensions do not work on the older model . With the use of some power tools and duct tape we were able to make them work , but this information should definitely be provided when you read about the item.I 'm sure the extensions are fine if you have a newer model cosleeper .
 I am so frustrated with this potty chair . It is designed to do too many `` cool '' things , and as a result does not perform it 's main purpose very well at all - which is to be a potty chair . Please do not buy this UNLESS you would really like a stool for your child that can occasionally be used as a potty - NOT the other way around . The `` pee shield '' is terrible because it moves around way too easily , is not big enough to shield anything , pinches my sons ' thighs , and pops right off w / the slightest pull . It DOES NOT serve a purpose other than injuring your child . Also the white potty seat lifts off very easily . When my son moves around on the potty or stands up , the white part lifts off as well !! If you do close the lid to use as a stool , a child can not move the stool very well because the while seat can lift off easily as mentioned above . Therefore , the chair comes apart when they try to pick it up to move it . I totally hate this chair and HIGHLY recommend buying a SIMPLE potty chair instead .
 My son is 22 months and this potty chair was nothing but trouble . Everytime he sat down the splash guard caught between his legs and folded down inside the potty chair . When I was with him I could fix if for him but when he tried by himself -LRB- yahoo -RRB- the guard fliped down and urine went all over the floor . WHAT A MESS . VERY VERY VERY bad design for little boys .
 The deflector comes down and pinches , when my son sits on it . You have to hold the deflector up so it does n't come down on his privates . He has already figured how to turn the music on by moving around on the chair . Not worth the money .
 My boys have never actually `` used '' this potty . However , I bought it and took it out of the package and both my twin boys loved it and were fighting over who would sit on it -LRB- while clothed -RRB- ! However , they both ca n't stop playing with the pee guard -LRB- which is EASILY -RRB- removable . The pee guard also folds down very easily . So I ca n't imagine that it would do much good , if anything I think it would fall down and just make even more of a mess than without it . So I 'm returning this one and going to try something else .
 I bought this potty for my daughter - I purchased it because it is a potty , a stepstool , has the removalbe seat for the toilet , and I thought the music would be cute . You are not able to turn off the music and it goes off ALL THE TIME ! We wake up in the middle of the night to it going off and have to take it apart just to get it to stop ! I strongly suggest looking at a different potty .
 This potty is no good . It is smaller then you think , and the music playing does not last . My son does n't like it at all and i had to buy a whole new potty for him . This potty is more of a toy then an actually teaching potty . I do n't reccommend it .
 It 's cute and it seems like a good idea to have a 2 for 1 product , but the reality of it is n't as nice . Firstly , the music that 's supposed to praise them comes on so randomly when no one 's even sitting on it that it means nothing.Now on to the bigger issues . The pee-pee reflector for boys folds down when you use it as a step stool . It comes off easily by accident , which is n't cute . And my son spends his whole time on the potty trying to keep it in the up position . Someone else said it pinches their kid and I can easily imagine that . It 's sort of my number 1 complaint about the product.The next big issue is the fact that there are a bunch of large grooves and holes in the top of the unit when it 's used as a stepstool . They collect so much dirt and dust . My kid has never once gone potty in the unit yet , but the unit looks like it 's been through a war because there are all these places to collect dirt . I do n't know how I 'm ever going to get the little divets clean to sell it when we give up . I guess I 'll keep it as a stepstool since that 's how we 've used it for the last 6 months , but even as a stepstool it 's problematic because when my son picks it up to move it , it falls apart . He got his hand stuck in it once and was crying hysterically for 10 seconds before we could even figure out why.They need to go back to the drawing board on this one . I also have a couple of Baby Bjorn ones I got and they are so much easier to use and clean.I 've just updated this reviews 4 months later , now that my child is now potty training . I tried to clean the lid -LRB- which does n't detach -RRB- and even using an old toothbrush and blasting it with a spray hose , it does n't get clean . Remember we never even used it as a potty - it 's just dirty from dust and dirt falling into the grooves as it sat in the corner . I was trying to clean it for resale , and it 's so annoying , I think it 's going to get thrown in the trash.I got this for free as a gift , and still I want my money back !
 Great potty , arrived on time and non-damaged . However , it had been previously removed from its original packaging which was obvious due to the large dirt footprint on the lid . There was also dirt and grass inside the potty . It doesnt appear to have been used as a potty but someone definitely did do something with it . Since it was not damaged I didnt want the hassle of returning it but I am very disappointed in the seller and will not buy from them again .
 I was lured into buying this potty by its pretty looks and the promise of the musical reward . Here are the list of problems we had with it .1 . -RRB- When the splash guard is attached my son plays with it , and wo n't keep it in the right position . Also there 's really no way for a child to sit on the seat without the splash guard falling down , so someone needs to put it back up . It also seems kind of dangerous .2 . -RRB- The musical function is pretty much useless if you have a curious child who figures out that they can make the chime work by putting their hands in the potty and touching the contacts , and who wants their child to stick their fingers in the potty .3 . -RRB- The potty is difficult to clean . There are too many parts . Plus , there 's no way my son could `` help '' without making a total mess .4 . -RRB- Also the seat cover for the stool gets dirty easily if your child steps on to it with shoes or dirty feet . The white plastic does n't clean easily and there are deep crevices and holes on the top that need to be cleaned out with q-tips or a small brush.Pros :1 . -RRB- It 's pretty sturdy as a stool , but you need to detach the splash guard .2 . -RRB- It seems to be comfortable.We got this seat when my son was 18 months old just for introduction to the potty . Now that he 's 26 months old and clearly understands his body functions we are going to buy him either a Baby Bjorn or the FP one that looks like a frog . Fingers crossed .
 Everything everyone says and then some . The stupid pee guard flips up and down . The both my boys want to play with it . It is loose and falls in the pee catcher all the time . They fold it down and pee on the floor . The opening is the wrong size for my 35 pound , size 2T son . His butt gets stuck to it all the time , then he stands up with the white toilet seat part stuck to his butt and it falls off and makes a mess . The pee cup has a front lift handle that makes it tip and spill when you take it out if there is much pee in it . The metal sensors in the bottom that make the music if child pees started to rust after the first week . The metal sensors line up with sensors under the potty . If the pee spills or child pees when the bowl is not in place then the sensor that makes it play a song shorts out . Mine lasted 3 days before it got pee spilled and shorted out . The stupid it turns into a stool idea means that son 1 pees and does not tell me , then son 2 needs a stool , so he goes in folds the lid shut and runs off down the hall with it full of pee making a mess all the way.Buy this for someone you REALLY hate ; -RRB-
 We actually borrowed this potty from my sister , who never takes the time to write reviews , LOL -- and when I asked her about it , she said they always had the same problem . We have a little girl , so no issues with the `` pee guard '' , but there is ALWAYS a puddle under the chair ! Luckily , ours sits on a laminate floor and is easy to clean up , but I ca n't imagine trusting it on carpet ! I ca n't figure it out , either -- my husband and I have both watched her pee , and it makes no logical sense why there is often more pee on the floor than in the bowl -- we 've adjusted the bowl constantly , and nothing seems to help . My sister gave it to us w/o batteries -- she said the music was such a pain to not even bother with it , so we ca n't speak to that aspect . We plan to splurge on a Baby Bjorn soon , or something similar and simple that will catch everything .
 My son is 23 months , he hates this potty as well as I do . It pinches his private part . The little cup in the front that is supposed to act as a barrier when they pee is too close . I tried tucking it in there but it hurts him . Buying a new potty seat this one is n't worth it and he hates it and says no when I want to sit him in it .
 We were very excited to buy this chair for our son because he loves music and we thought he would appreciate the musical `` reward '' . While the music is fun and causes him to say `` I did it '' whenever it plays , the actual chair is terrible ! The little `` cup '' that 's supposed to keep the potty from going everywhere is too small and my son figured out how to remove it the first time he sat on the chair . The seat is too small , he has to sit all the way back on the chair to get the pee-pee in , which does n't work out too well for poo-poo . He is unable to go by himself on this chair because , even though he knows to hold `` it '' down , the `` hole '' and cup are too small to catch it . It goes all over the place , it leaks UNDER the cup that 's supposed to hold it in and , thus , all over the floor . It does n't even work well as a step stool because it comes apart too easily . Also , I have had the same problem the other reviewer had of the chair music going off in the middle of the night . My son has also figured out how to make the music go off by putting his weight down both handles . The only reason we are still using this chair is he does n't always like to go upstairs to go potty but I sometimes ca n't get the pee-pee to go where it should so BE CAREFUL !
 The music goes off all the time ... often waking us up in the middle of the night . Sometimes it 's just 1 royal tune and sometimes it goes on playing tune after tune for who knows how long . And like another reviewer said ... you ca n't turn it off , you just have to take the thing apart . This also makes it really ineffective as a reward for the child b/c it will play music for my daughter without her doing anything in it . So , she 's getting rewarded for sitting there and not forming the reward association with doing something in the potty . She 's also fearful of the big toilet , so taking the removable seat off and using the base as a step stool right now is not an option .
 I must admit that my preference is for our children to sit directly on the adult toilet with a children 's seat adapter . However , if your child is scared of sitting up so high , you will need a floor potty . My daughter is scared of the adult toilet and prefers to use a floor potty , but my son wants to be `` BIG '' like us and use the adult one . A word of caution
 I bought this potty for my son who is 24 mos . now . The fold down shield drops down when he sits on his own and as you can imagine I am left cleaning up the mess and changing his clothes . Even when I am helping him and the shield is up it doesnt always work I have to hold his `` we we '' down . . Ahhh it just didnt work at all .
 the back of the chair comes forward easily . the pee gaurd is easily removed . sometimes the music would go on in the middle of the night like the batteries were going dead . my kids would flip it over to push button to hear the music.the stool works great now for brushing teeth but we choose a different potty chair .
 This seat was on sale and we thought it was nice to have something that had some fancy features - the music is great , it becomes a stool too , and it has a lid we can put down just for cleanliness -LRB- which also made it look more like the adult potty too ! -RRB- . But the functionality is an issue . I imagine that the pee guard for boys needs to be movable for safety , but it is hard for my short-legged 22 month old to deal with . It often gets pushed down as he tries to sit by himself - and although I can lift him up and onto the toilet , what 's the point of not giving him independence ? And then when he does try to get on himself , the guard pushes down , and he knows it is supposed to be up and tries to put it in place . All this distracts him from going to the bathroom and he 's already pinched his privates too . I tried to teach him to push down the guard and his weewee , but let 's just say that touching himself was also distracting -LRB- TMI ? - boys will be boys ! -RRB- . This has a lot of cute ideas , but it just does n't work well when it comes down to it . I wish it had .
 I ca n't help but agree with other reviewers who call this item out for what it is ... pure price gouging by Arm 's Reach . Leg extenders should absolutely 100 % be included with this product , not sold separately -LRB- especially for a price of $ 20 + -RRB- . I 'll also be buying a more reasonable , sturdy alternative.Also misleading is the fact that co-sleeper instructions -LRB- I have the `` mini '' model -RRB- state that the unit as packaged is adjustable for beds up to 24 '' in height . This really only means that the top of the co-sleeper frame is 24 '' high , NOT the mattress platform . Be aware of this when purchasing . If your bed is higher than 23-24 '' and you want your baby sleeping at the same level as you ... you 'll need to buy extensions , whether you choose to purchase from Arm 's Reach or not .
 Very cheaply made and should have been included with the co-sleeper . The sleeper wobbles with these attached and they are just molded light plastic . I hope it lasts as long as I need it .
 Did we need these leg extensions to safely and properly use the Arm 's Reach Co-Sleeper with our bed ? Yes . Did Amazon.com have the best price for these leg extensions ? Yes . Are these worth $ 17.60 ? No . Complete price gouge . I would have been more ok with paying $ 10 -LRB- which would still be too much for these small pieces of plastic -RRB- . I agree with the other reviewer who said that these should be included with the co-sleeper .
 I could not use these because my Arm 's Reach co-sleeper was an older model and these were not compatible . I called the company and their only solution was to suggest I build a platform .
 I love that they make the sleeper level with the bed but ... anytime we move the sleeper the legs fall off . This also could be dangerous if one of my other kids lean in to get a look at the baby .
 While the construction of the leg extensions were sturdy , and the height would have been perfect for both a smaller and larger pillow-top mattress , the extension kit simply did not fit into our hand-me-down 8 year old version of the Arm 's Reach Co-Sleeper -LRB- The plastic feet on the co-sleeper were not hollow to allow the extensions to snap in snugly , but had a large plastic rib cutting down the middle of the feet preventing anything from being put underneath safely -RRB- . Had the Leg Extensions fit , they would have been an ideal solution to our tall bed .
 We also have an older version of the co-sleeper , and these do n't fit . There is nothing on the package or in the description that says they wo n't fit older models -- they 're supposed to fit the mini , original , and universal.Also , as someone else pointed out , they warn you on the front of the package not to use in `` bassinet mode '' . Why else would I need them ? I certainly do n't need to boost the height when it 's in pack & play mode ! Definitely a rip-off .
 Instructions do not come with the extension kit . I guess I will `` wing '' it and hope I do n't mess it up ! OUr bed is really tall , so we need the leg extensions to work .
 I agree that these extenders are an inferior product and an obvious attempt by the manufacturer to gouge additional money from consumers . We found a much better product at Bed Bath & Beyond . They are intended as bed height extenders , but work perfectly with the co-sleeper . In fact , they are muc more stable than the cosleeper and they are only $ 12.99 . Definitely shop around !
 These extensions should have been included with the co-sleeper . As it is , the co-sleeper is lower than the average adult bed and the extensions are required if you want your child sleeping on your level . The fact that they sell it as a separate item is pure gouging for an extra few bucks , which is irritating . They are simple pieces of plastic and should n't add but a dollar or two to Arms Reach 's cost.There are twelve pieces , so you can use a max of 3 pieces per leg to increase it to the maximum height . We had to do just that , and found that the three connected pieces are * very * unstable.It 's too bad they charge so much for a poorly constructed set of unstable plastic pieces . What they should do is provide a set of pieces of varying heights , to prevent too many connections to a bed that 's holding your precious child .
 After reading reviews about poor stability - in addition to the 20 buck price tag - my husband and I decided to get the 5 '' bed risers -LRB- or lifters -RRB- sold at BBY . We are very happy with our purchase - the feet -LRB- castor and non-castor legs -RRB- both fit in the space allotted . It seems a lot more stable than the Arm 's reach extenders - and you ca n't beat the $ 7.99 price !
 Product is not worth the money . Made the bassinet very unstable .
 We did n't end up needing these , so I highly recommend you wait and see if you will even need the height . We have a relatively high bed , which is why we thought we would need them , but the unit is higher than you think it will be on its own .
 It would have been nice to know that these would not fit our older , hand me down model . I had to return it to Amazon and figure out my own way to raise the co-sleeper .
 Exactly 3 months after I bought this stroller , a bracket on the back that holds the bars together popped off , making it dangerous and impossible to use . Luckily I bought the extended warranty and will receive a full refund -LRB- in-store warranty expired just 3 days previously -RRB- . When I tested the stroller at the store , I thought it seemed very flimsy and felt it would n't last long -LRB- which is why I bought the warranty -RRB- , but the idea of having such a great stroller is why I decided to take the chance . PROS for the stroller
 Do n't buy this stroller . The only good thing about it is that you wo n't be sad if you leave it somewhere . The `` restraints '' do n't restrain at all . My one year old twins barely stay in it so when we 're in a store they can reach very far to pull down all sorts of things . -LRB- not safe -RRB- The stroller barely fits through regular door ways - and I mean barely fits . It does not maneuver well at all and is difficult to stear . The `` adult drink cup holder '' snaps off when struggling to go through doors and I do n't have to describe what a mess that is . I 'm just lucky I do n't drink hot coffee ; otherwise I would be suing the manufacturer for burns to the children . There is no storage . The `` saddle bags '' can hold a few small things but you should only use it for things you do n't mind the children being able to reach . This stroller is not only a nuisance , it has potentially dangerous features , so please do n't buy it .
 I have a 21/2 and 11/2 year old and I do n't care for this stroller . The main issue is that there are no shoulder straps , it only has a belt strap so both kids like to try to stand up while they are in it . Based on that issue alone , I would not buy this again.On the plus side , it is relatively light , as double strollers go , and that was the main reason that we purchased it . It 's light enough that I can lift it in and out of my trunk without my husband 's assistance .
 This is OK . I picked it up at Toys R Us when I got my daughter 's new carseat for our new Subaru . In fairness , it does keep her feet off the back of my seat , but it never fits nicely against the seat back . It 's always turning to one side or the other leaving a gap between it and the seat , sometimes even getting in her way when she tries to climb into the car . The string that ties around the back of the seat never far enough back on the driver seat , either.That pocket up at the top is n't very big . I never put anything in it because there are n't many things that would stay well . I ca n't recommend this product .
 I purchased this for my new Envoy Denali which had shape similar enough to the seat protector for it to do its job . My daughter liked to rip her socks and shoes off to grab at the net bag with her toes . Within 2 or 3 days , she had this ripped . I will purchase another to try to flip the bag to the back . I like the black color which matches my leather seats . I rate it so low for quality of manufacturing although I am purchasing another today because there are so few options available .
 The straps broke within the first two weeks of use and the mesh pockets are hanging on a wing and a prayer . They are not durable and not made to withstand small children . They are very thin and fragile .
 I got this to keep my 2.5 y.o. son from messing up my beige leather seats -LRB- that was n't my first choice of interior color -RRB- in my new car . It worked great for about 3 weeks , but at that point , he gave it one last kick and one side of the top attachment broke off . It is n't worth repairing and I am getting one that 's made a little better . -LRB- I will review that when I get it , but I am trying the Mickey Mouse toy holder sold on Amazon . -RRB- If your child is n't quite as energetic in the car , it might be fine . But if your toddler does n't do a lot of kicking , you 're probably not shopping for this type of item . I wish they 'd make items like this to last . I 'd pay more to find something that I would n't have to replace often .
 I did not like this item . The seat cover is supposed to spring open and lie flat against the back of the car seat . Because of the way it was packaged , the cover was sprung and stuck out from the seat several inches . Also there is no way to secure the cover to the bottom of the seat , so my four year old just kicked it out of the way and put his dirty feet on the back of my seat . The material is very thin and it seemed cheaply made . I returned the item the day I received it .
 Broke/ripped in 3 days ! Little legs can rip it no problem . Waste of money . Do not buy !
 This product keeps sticking out of the car seat to the point that we had to tape it down to the car seat . The tying ropes are really silky and slippery and keep getting lose . The protector keeps sticking out also because it has hard edges which do not mold to the car seat . This could have been such a nice product , but it is not practically made .
 The ties on this item broke off after only 3 months of use . Very cheaply made . I purchased this item at a Toys R US but could not return it without a receipt which I had misplaced . They would n't even do an even exchange ... I tried calling the makers of this product directly -LRB- SunshineKids -RRB- which was a waste of time because although they have a one year warranty , you have to show proof of purchase . The only way to show proof of purchase is with a receipt . Well , things happen and sometimes you lose receipts which I did , so basically there is nothing that can be done . What a waste of $ 10 bucks as it is now headed for the trash can .
 Not at all what I expected a lot smaller and not enough room for paper towels , tissues or anything else with any size to it .
 I purchased this to protect the interior of my car , however I can not get the bottom strings to tie around the seat . It basically just hangs there from the neck part . I wish they had a better attachment system than 2 strings at the base . Also , I have not been able to utilize the storage because of how it hangs .
 This is a very cheaply made product , and would n't lie flat against the seat -- a corner would always stick up oddly . If I forced that corner down , the opposite corner would just pop up instead . I tied it in place possibly every conceivable way , but it kept coming untied at the bottom anyway , and would not stay still . You know that wire and thin material manufacturers use for things like pop-up tents and cheap hampers ? This is like that . My 2-year-old seemed to think it was a fun game to try to kick it off.Anyway , I recently gave up and threw ours away . It was more trouble than it was worth .
 I purchased two of these because my 21 month old has taken to kicking the seats while we 're driving . However , within 1 hour he had removed the Stuff n Scuff . It does n't fasten very well , so he was able to pull it right off . This item is n't worth the money . It just ca n't withstand the stregnth of a toddler .
 I received this product broken and complained about it . I got no responses from them at all . When I called they said they would send me a UPS shipping label to return it which never happened.I got it from BabyAge instead who were wonderful to deal with in comparison . I had to ask Amazon to intervene , which they did , to refund my money .
 Just went to the ER today after I found my 4 month old with his face wedged in the corner.When I picked him up he was blue . -LRB- He is fine now but I am getting rid of the co-sleeper ! -RRB- This co-sleeper is not safe once they can wiggle around at all . My 4 month old can not roll over yet.In the past couple of days he began kicking his legs enough to move himself around.I believe his ability to move himself around coupled with the co-sleeper 's corner that is NOT mesh contributedto this horrible event . He could have died !
 I was excited to purchase this product being that I didnt want to carry the bigger tubes and bottles to weigh down my diaper bag . To my surprise , I was sold expired items from 2008 . Shame on the seller , these are little people , new in the world . They should n't have to deal with this , thank goodness they have people to protect them .
 I NEVER write revies but felt i had to for this product . My husband and I have a low bed and I wanted to exclusively breastfeed . With the cs , standing up to get baby out of the crib for each feeding would have been hard so I decided to buy this Euro mini cosleeper to have my son close to me . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY ! My son would not sleep on the crappy mattress AT ALL . I know the box says the mattress was designed to prevent SIDS but he would sleep everywhere else but in this cosleeper . He even preferred my dads wooden table to this ! He is now almost 5 months old and of the many , many , many times I put him on this mattress to get him to get used to it - he would wake up every time and continue to cry until I placed him somewhere else . I quit trying when he started rolling over . The cosleeper did not get used even once since I have bought it when my son was a few weeks old . Furthermore , there are no other options for buying another kind of mattress due to the size of the cosleeper . Besides the mattress , the height was perfect for our bed , the mesh siding is good , the portability , and the storage space at the bottom -LRB- which i did use -RRB- are great features . But what 's the point of having these wonderful features when the thing the baby sleeps on a joke . it 's cheap and flimsy and uncomfortable for baby .
 We lost OVER a month 's use -LRB- a long time considering weight/age limit -RRB- because of wrong item being shipped out to us TWICE ! We returned the first wrong sleeper & then received another of the wrong model . Amazon took forever to finally return our money to us in the end , so we had to wait a while to order from another company to get the right product . Very disappointed that we had to deal with taking it to UPS to return , & that we lost so much time . Really felt we should have received a gift credit or something for our trouble.That said , the Euro Mini is great for a low platform bed - would have worked better if our bed did n't have the `` lip '' -LRB- Ikea Malm -RRB- . Was still very nice to have her at eye level for the short time we used it.If you want this , shop somewhere else .
 I wanted to use these to keep my 2 and a half year old from constantly making a mess out of our dvd collection . Well , it did n't work on my tv stand . If your going to buy this MAKE SURE that the inside of your cabinet has a completely flat roof . Unlike the picture , the inside piece needs to be pushed back a couple of inches in order for the door to close all the way .
 My solid oak Woodmode cabinet doors are beveled a 1/2 '' out of 3/4 '' . This had made it nearly impossible to install any sort of internal lock as the catch can not be mounted flush to the cabinet face . Each cabinet door is turning out to be a 30 hour nightmare install with frequent re-drilling -LRB- the 1/4 '' of tape certainly wo n't hold the catch -RRB- . I 'm restarting the project this Saturday using a pair of calipers to see if I get better results ...
 These are a really great idea , and worked well for a few weeks , but then the adhesive started failing . The parts literally just fell off of the cabinets . Then we screwed them into the cabinets , and it 's been really hard to get them lined up correctly so that they `` catch '' and hold.If I had it to do over again , I 'd skip these and find something else .
 4 locks . 3 worked for around one week . Now none work at all . Pathetic , expensive and poorly designed . Can anyone make a lock that works !!?? I 've now tried 3 different kinds all unsucessful . Save the $ 30 and do not buy these . I find the highly rated reviews misleading and quite surprising !
 I let my 1 year-old play with the magnet opener . I admit that was dumb and of course it went missing never to be seen again . The next day I went on a wild goose chase to Lowe 's , Home Depot , Babies R Us , etc trying to find a retailer who carries this product . The only place that had anything was Babies R Us but they only had a four lock pack with no key . I asked an employee and she mentioned seeing their products on clearance lately and thought maybe they were being discontinued . However , the Safety 1st locks were available everywhere . Also , maybe my husband did a poor job on the install but I have two or three of these that flat out do n't work .
 We purchased these for our kitchen cabinets . Unfortunately , they do not work at all for drawers . Both pieces are too long for adhering to front of drawer and top of drawer . We tried everything , even drilling them in - when we specifically bought them for the `` non-drilling '' option - and they still wo n't work.They , do however , work great on cabinet doors . So , I suppose we will use the rest we have a total of 10 locks for other cabinet doors in our home.Not sure what to do about our drawers in kitchen . They are custom , so I think it may be difficult to find anything that will work.Overall , if you are buying these for cabinet doors , they work excellent . But , I would not suggest purchasing them for cabinet drawers .
 The instructions to installing the tot loks are a classic of brevity that creates confusion . But the actual process -- for a drawer -- is a complicated mess . Installing this on a drawer required lying upside down , looking up into the darkness of the drawer slot , and trying to make a pencil mark through the tiny mark of the non-permeable paper you are asked to adhere in place on the underside of the drawer slot , and being sure not to be so much as 1/8 of an inch off or -LRB- a -RRB- the would n't fit in place and -LRB- b -RRB- I would risk drilling a hole back out through the front of the drawer I was trying to secure . It was so complicated , we gave up and are going to use the self-locking drawer locks . By the accounts of other reviews here , they work well on cabinets . We would n't know , because we gave up with the frustration of trying to install it properly on a drawer .
 I ordered this because I wanted something easy and no installation . It arrived and I am about to stick them on when I realize there is no key in the package . I then see in tiny print on the box , `` key sold seperatley `` Ridiculous and frustrating ! Beware if you order to also buy your seperate key !
 We bought two of these sets and one of the starter sets and have been really disappointed . We installed the two from the starter set first . One was broken and would n't latch and the other had such a sensitive magnet in it the nails in our cabinet door caused the latch to be permanetly down so it would n't lock . We are not happy with these and will be returning the rest of them .
 I purchased these when my husband did n't want me to drill into our existing cabinets . They worked well but ... the area where you stick the base in the cabinet is not as deep as the lock would like it to be . This makes the anchor shift over use and it eventually -LRB- after a few days of opening and closing -RRB- will get pushed to an angle where it wo n't actually catch and lock until you readjust it . So as long as you are always present in the room when the child is , it 's fine ... but if you are not , I am not sure it 's fully trust-able if you have a narrow cabinet depth .
 I got these locks because I did n't want my son pulling all the stuff out of the kitchen cabinets all the time . But they would n't work with the way our cabinets are built and when I put them in drawers , they were pretty easy to pull off with just the adhesive . And two broke when unsuspecting relatives gave them a tug thinking something was stuck in the drawer/cabinet . I am impressed by the mechanics of how they work , but in the end it was just easier to put the non-child-friendly items out of reach . HOWEVER , if you have a drill and the time to put them with screws - and your cabinets have the right size lip inside and the drawers are snug , it might really be what you 're looking for . My advice - get a couple and see if they work before buying into the whole system , which is what I did .
 Having read the reviews , I see the problem . However , when you are buying `` Lock sets '' and the picture SHOWS the key being used , there is no way to know -LRB- without reading the reviews-which on the iphone I do n't do -RRB- that this is just for the locks . I have never in my life been sold a lock withuot a key . So the titling of this is misleading and unfair . It 's their right to sell things however they like , but not in a way that is misleading . I do n't mind the `` squeezing every penny '' out of me if I knew that 's the plan.Since I can not review their use -LRB- because I received only the locks -RRB- I give it 1 star .
 There was no way to mark the correct position of both pieces so they would fit together properly . After ruining one piece by putting it in the wrong position , we put masking tape on the back of it to line it up with the second piece . That worked as a trial -LRB- and something we should have done first -RRB- but when both latch and catch were properly lined up , the door would not unlock , as the cabinet door was evidently too thick , although the writeups said the locks would work on doors up to one inch ... We gave up , thought about screwing them on , but decided it was n't worth the trouble . IF you want to use the magnetic locks , be sure your cabinet doors are less than one inch thick . A waste of money on our part.TomE
 Not happy with product at all . While very easy to install , it does not lock most of the time which makes it useless to me
 Can some of you who rated this 5 stars help me out and tell me how to install these damned things ? The instructions on the back of the package are useless , and to top it off , the pictures are showing how to install it on drawers!I had NO idea that there was another kit which included a key . So here I am , holding these things trying to figure out how to install them with the vague directions . Also as another reviewer stated , they dont work on all cabinets . My cabinets dont have enough wood to moount the locking side on.Basically I think this is a crappy item and they are nickel and diming us by not including at least one key in all their packages.I think this is the first 1 star review Ive ever given , and its well deserved .
 I bought the four pack of locks , which I was amused and annoyed that a pack of locks would be sold without the key . You have to order that separately . Out of this pack , only one locked worked . The other three you could jiggle the cabinet door , and the lock would come undone . Installation was correct , they were perfectly aligned . Very frustrating .
 If I could give these a no star review I would . These are the worst child safety locks I have ever used . I bought these thinking , `` What an easy install these will be . No drilling and magnet lock to open . '' That is true , they are easy to install , the magnet key is a great idea too . What is bad is half of them broke before they could even be used . You end up having to slam the cabinet doors to get the stupid things to latch and when you slam the doors shut not only do you break the latch mechanism but you also risk waking up any sleeping baby you may have in the house . Half of them do n't even latch inside the cabinets and they are n't broke , they just are a stupid product . For the money that these cost you would think that they would be a great product but when the product is made in China what do you expect . Now I get to spend more time and money buying different locks on Amazon.Even if I were to contact the seller and see what they could do to make things right for me it would n't help . If they were to send out more they would just break too . Worst product ever ! Do n't waste your hard earned money on these when you can buy cheaper products and spend the remaining money on fun things for your baby to play with .
 Nothing else to say really . My wife and I wanted these so we didnt have to drill into our cabintes and we installed theme on normal wood cabinets but they did not work . We spent almost an hour thinking we were doing something wrong which most will think when reading this review but this is simply not the case . We made sure we were doing everything correctly -LRB- 1hr -RRB- and the cabinet doors still swung wide open because the plastic hook was not catching and locking the doors like it was supposed to . We sent them back immediately for a refund .
 stick to the regular old school way of keeping your kids out the cabinets with the other cabinet locks and save yourself the frustration . thumbs down to this product .
 First off , the ` key ' you need is n't included in the package with the lock and it never said that -LRB- grrrr -RRB- . Secondly , they do n't work . A good yank on the doors and my 15-month old granddaughter had them both open .
 This product is awful and should not even be sold . I bought the 4 locks from one supplier , and the lock key set from a different supplier . The package with the 4 locks recieved only 3 out of the 3 worked when installed on first day , then after about a week all the locks started not latching and locking properly . THe lock key set which included the key and 2 additional locks , worked longer than the 4 package of locks , however these 2 locks after about 2 weeks started malfunctioning and not latching/locking properly .
 When we first got these , they were awesome , but unfortunately , half of ours have not stood up to the test of time . They have not been subjected to any major pulling or stress , but the part inside the cabinet has shifted slightly and now half of our locks -LRB- 4 out of 8 -RRB- do not lock at all . And if they do happen to lock about 1 % of the time , it is when I need to get in the cabinet , but not when my 1 year old is pulling on the door . I have had to rearrange my cabinets to allow him to get in and play with the plasticware or empty cabinet space and remove everything I was trying to protect from him . In a rental home where we can not drill holes I thought these were the perfect answer to our child-proofing needs . Sadly , I was mistaken .
 This item does NOT come with keys -LRB- exterior knob -RRB- to open cabinets . Locks only ! Tested item before installing and it would not work on 3/4 '' cabinets .
 This system does not work well . Our first attempt with swinging doors required them to be closed with enough force -LRB- but not too much -RRB- for the latch to catch . This would require way too loud bangs than what we are used to and wish . Most of the times the door would remain unlocked.We then tried using this on drawers and the same thing happened . The tolerances are too small for it to be easily installed . The latch moves on gravity and so it is too weak to catch and stay put . We abandoned this product and whilst the sticky portion is ruined , we will try to get a refund .
 I purchased this item to keep my son out of the cabinets . Only 25 percent of these locks actually worked . The locks functioned for about the first month then they stopped latching . I would much rather have put in a different brand because I am chasing my son just as much as I was before .
 Wo n't work if magnet aligns with nails in cabinet door . Contacted manufacturer for replacement adhesive since we had to reposition locks to get them to work and they told me to go buy some at a hardware store because they do not have any . Manufacturer 's web page says they stand behind products and will replace them as `` they are that confident . '' Very poor customer service since these are almost double the cost of other magnetic cabinet locks with screws .
 This is a good looking product and easily installed but imagine my dismay when I installed one lock only to find out that the key to open it was not included . You have to order the keys separately . Thankfully I did not put one on the other cabinet or I would have been locked out !! Not sure why the keys are not included but be sure to order the keys if you order these locks .
 I own this item purchased thru Amazon . The lock system is good and new concept . But the material the lock is made of is too bad quality.the Side guide system and the Lock stopper mecahnism broke on both the locks on just few uses.Not worth for the money . Look for something of good waulity of similar locks .
 Frustration is how I sum up my experience with this product . On the front cover , and with the directions on the back , there is a photo of a key that locks and unlocks the magnetic lock . However , after opening the packaging , there was no key . There were four locks , alright . And , lots of little screws in case you felt like screwing the lock in , despite the product 's claim to be the only child lock that does n't require tools . With how the packaging is designed , I do n't even think there 's room for the key . Which makes me wonder ... do you have to buy the key separately ? I 'm returning this product and am bitterly disappointed for the wasted time and energy .
 I have used any number of diaper inserts in my life -LRB- I use mostly Bum Genius and Fuzzin Bunz diapers -RRB- . I use them not only to collect the poo , but also so that I can use serious diaper creams like Desitin on my daughter 's diaper-rash-prone bumbum . I bought these instead of my regular brand because they were -LRB- slightly -RRB- cheaper . What a disappointment ! Yes , they will probably be just as effective at keeping poo and medicine off of the diapers , but they are so rough and rigid that I truly worried that putting them against my daughter 's skin might rub her diaper-rash raw again . Yuck ! I tried them a couple of times , and she actually did n't seem to mind -LRB- I will admit -RRB- , but I just did n't feel good about using them . There are much softer , nicer brands out there for nearly the same price . Do n't settle for these .
 these liners are waaaaay too rough in comparison to others on the market . i wo n't even use them . buy a different brand !
 Kuddos to everyone who had a good time using these liners ! Maybe I 'm just the one out of every few who has a bad time . I was spoiled by the Bambino Liners , however my partner and I decided to start trying other liners , to see if we could get a few more for the price . While Bambino only holds about 160 to a roll , 200 for the a little less was worth trying ... so I thought . I 'm so disgusted with these liners right now . I eagerly opened the package -LRB- I do n't know why , ever since we started cloth diapering I was ecstatic about all of it -RRB- and my first impression was disappointment . They felt like paper compared to the Bambino , which had more of a fabric softener sheet feel to it . These were n't as `` fluffy '' I think would be the best word . Just in case I had lost my mind , I presented them to my partner . `` They feel like paper , '' came the uninhibited response.Still I was willing to give them a shot . After all , I am a new mom and maybe I was being too picky . As long as they get the job done , right ? Wrong . These things did not get the job done . The first time I had a blowout EVER with cloth diapers the poop came oozing out of the backside of the diaper . Horrified I ran straightaway to change my son . I thought it was my fault . I had been carrying on a conversation with a friend at the time , allowing my son to play with his cousin and thought that I had somehow allowed the diaper to become too full . He had peed a great deal , so I thought perhaps I had fouled up . I had been a bad mom and not changed him in time and the poop was simply unable to be absorbed . : -LRB- Then , I began to notice an increasing amount of work attached to each diaper change . It seemed like EVERY time my son pooped I was scraping poop off the back end of the diaper . -LRB- And what 's the point of a liner if you are still scraping poop off the diaper ? -RRB- It turns out the sheets were not `` catching '' the poop . Instead the feces was sliding across it , like paper , and being forced out of the back of the diaper ! I thought I was losing my mind until I had yet another fatal blowout . That 's enough . . I 'm sick of these things . Thankfully I have another set to try which seem closer to the Bambino brand . While I am glad to hear this product has had so much success for some , please note to others . . if you are experiencing blowouts , or noticing that the majority of the feces is ending up at the rear of the diaper it is because these things are not doing their job !
 when i told my husband we were going to use cloth diapers he was so concerned about the poop . so i looked into liners hoping to alleviate his worries . i read so many reviews i drove myself crazy . i ended up buying these because they costed less and you could wash them.they are horrible . they are so rough and scratchy . these liners gave my little one a horrible rash . they do get softer as your little one pees in them and sweats . you can actually wash them and reuse them.i just dont feel like these are worth giving my little a rash . thankfully my husband realized cloth is really no different then disposables and poop is not an issue.i would not buy them again and i have so many left that are going to waste .
 I do not understand why it got good reviews . Maybe just because these liners are cheap . It looks like it is not supposed to be used for children . These liners are emery paper .
 Our son has special needs and will need to be in diapers longer , so we went ahead and invested in some good cloth diapers . He only voids once a day but it is very messy . We thought these liners would help keep the diaper somewhat cleaner and easier to rinse , but the liner just created a shoot for the poop to come out of the leg holes ! Yuck!Since we know when he is going to do it , -LRB- he takes medicine for it and we have it timed out -RRB- we either put a paper -LRB- decomposable -RRB- diaper on him and toss it , or watch him closely so that we catch it right after it happens so there is less mess.I would only recommend this product for kids who have very solid stool . Our child 's is very loose and the product does not work for him . I will say that we washed some of them with the diapers and it seems to more absorbent and less stiff after its washed .
 I think my heading says it all ... these liners are rough , they feel like sandpaper on hands let alone my baby ' s bottom . The perforations are barely visible and when you pull on the roll , the liner will tear . I am returning these .
 The pros
 What a waste of money ! They bunch up rendering them useless ! I thought it would be a great option for my husband who was hesitant to change poopy diapers , but I 'd rather rinse them off myself . Such a disappointment .
 I got these to try and it was 2.00 less than my regular nappy liners brand , well `` what is cheap is not worth '' I use them on my daughters cloth diapers , and they break easily , move around , basically do n't do the job !!! DONT BUY !!!!!
 I bought these liners because they were less expensive than others . I gave them two stars for a few different reasons.My daughter has very sensitive skin and I need to use diaper cream on her every time I change her . Even using two sheets , folded , the paste still leaks through to the diaper sometimes . A big bummer when using cloth diapers as you have to spend extra time scrubbing to get the paste out.The price seems cheaper than the others - 200 sheets for the same price as 100 sheets - but I end up using two at a time . So it really evens out in the end .
 These liners are not good ! I bought these specifically to protect our baby 's cloth diapers when he has to use heavy-duty diaper cream - they do not do the job well . They are rough , tend to bunch up , and tear easily , resulting in diaper cream all over the diapers . Great . We had another brand before this -LRB- I ca n't remember which brand -RRB- and they were much , much better . I strongly recommend buying a different brand .
 I was expecting a lot more from these . When they came I laughed . They are so think -LRB- like a fabric sheet if not thinner -RRB- so how that is going to hold any urine is beyond me , I did n't even use any of them I just threw them away .
 I got these liners because they were less expensive than others and had great reviews . Seriously , the people reviewing these have n't tried other brands . I love , love , love the Bummis and Bumkins liners . Compared to those two brands , the imse vimse feel like sandpaper . I put a few on the changing table so my husband would used them . When I asked him why he had n't been using them , he said , `` Oh , I thought those were dryer sheets . '' Thats what they feel like , stiff , ichy dryer sheets . The Bummis and Bumkins brand are soooooo soft . All three serve their purpose , but I would n't want the Imse 's on my butt ! Bummis are my fave because they are on a roll , if you do n't care about it being in a roll , the Bumkins are perfect . They all seem too big , so I just tear them in half and get twice as many !
 These liners are a good size , but they are really rough and my son now gets rashes when I use them . On the plus side , they can be washed and reused and are more soft after washing , but I would prefer a product that is soft from the start . I like the bumkins liners much better .
 These are so rough and thin . They do n't catch anything either . They are way too big for little bums . I would not get these ever again .
 I bought this liner because it was the only one available on amazon at the time . It is my least favorite liner I 've tried . It was too wide for the diapers so it has to be folded to fit , and its really thin and scratchier than others . I will say that so far it hasnt broken on me , so its held up as far as usefulness goes , but its an annoyance to put in .
 They are stiff . They do the job but I have used other ones I like much better . Also they tend to tear when they get wet were the other ones would n't . I would n't recommend them .
 Not a fan of these . They 're very rough and give my baby redness , so we 're stuck with 175 liners we do n't know what to do with . Would have preferred if like other companies they sold them as 100 , so I could have decided and saved money . They do the job they 're supposed to do but at the cost of hurting my little one 's bum , so no go .
 These diaper liners were rough and after using for a whole days worth of diapering , my little one 's skin started peeling . We looked at all the usual suspects
 these liners are really rough feeling and left my daughter with a very red bum ! they would stick to her inside the diaper and then when i pulled it off she was really red . i know its definitely the liners because i didnt use them at night and she didnt have a rash in the morning even after been in her diaper for 6 hours or so .
 We cloth diaper my son -LRB- mostly , anyway ! -RRB- and like using liners because it makes cleanup so much easier . He has messy poos that do n't spray off easily , so the liners are the best way to keep my diapers cleaner longer and cut down my diaper-cleaning time!I bought these ones over my usual Kushies , because they were cheaper . I have to say I do n't really care for them - they are much less soft than the Kushies and have a weird texture , reminiscent of dryer sheets oddly enough.The size is what does it for me though . They just do NOT fit in my Bumgenius 3.0 's at all , without folding . I find this to be wasteful , it adds a whole extra step . The size is odd to me ; if I cut it in half it would n't give enough coverage . I have to fold a third of it under , leaving 2/3rd 's to work as a liner . I took some pictures , so make sure you check the customer photos.They do seem to work well enough , once folded down to fit the diaper correctly . No toilet clogs , no rashes , no leaks -LRB- PROVIDED they are folded ! If part of the liner overhangs it WILL wick pee -RRB- . They just do n't work for my diapers . I 'll go back to Kushies after my rolls are gone .
 i usually get the kushies liners and thought they were a little rough . i read the reviews on these and thought they sounded good . we HATE them ! they are too thin , they bunch up so it does n't really catch all of the poo . they get so beat up after using them that we never even tried to wash them in order to reuse them.the fit is weird too . they are too wide and too short . just ordered more of the kushies . very disappointed !
 This product picture IS NOT ACCURATE from what you recieve from the company . You only get half of a package and it comes wrapped in plastic wrap with no label or product information . The company also charges $ 6.99 for shipping , but pays $ 3.85 in postage -LRB- priority mail stamp on envelop -RRB- . That cost is more than the product , and cleary not worth it given the shotty presentation .
 We decided to give these liners a try because of their lower price point than the other brands . When I tore the first sheet off the roll , I instantly understood why they were cheaper.The sheets are smaller and they have a tendency to bunch/creep which means they only catch about 1/3 to 1/2 of the `` output '' . Most noticeably , they are extremely rough ... I honestly felt bad about even putting them up against my child 's bottom . He has never had diaper rash and is almost one year old , but he has developed a rash since using this product . I had taken him to the pediatrician earlier this week due to illness , and while I was there , I mentioned the rash . The doctor looked at it and said that it is most likely caused by friction/rubbing . With these being so stiff and scratchy , I would n't be surprised if these liners were a contributing factor as nothing else in our diaper routine has changed.I am extremely disappointed in this product and will certainly never be purchasing it again . If you 're looking for a good liner , stick with Bumkins flushable liners -LRB- 100 count for $ 7.99 -RRB- . Bumkins are very soft , larger , stay-put , and completely serve their intended purpose . They are well worth the -LRB- very minimal -RRB- additional expense .
 Feel quite rough . I am afraid my baby will be very uncomfortable with these . Will be sticking with Viscose Biodegradable / Flushable Liners for Dispoable or Cloth Diaper - BubuBibi from now on . Their incredibly soft .
 these are super thin , rip and do not work well at all . I was bummed because the imsevimse training pants work well . These liners however do not .
 When we started cloth diapering , getting flushable liners was a must for us . We first used Grovia liners . I tried switching to these as they were a little cheaper . Sometimes you get what you pay for . These bunched up and did not do a good job of catching all of the waste . They are much thinner and flimsier than the Grovia liners . We did n't even use them all up before we ended up buying some more Grovia liners . We are pretty much done with diapering , so I have not done anymore research to find an alternative . I would definitely not recommend these , though .
 The individual sheets are too big and we need to cut them in half in order to use them with the Bumgenious cloth diapers .
 I really did n't like these liners . I bought them because I read some good reviews , but they felt so rough , almost like paper towels . I ended up ordering more Bummis Bio-Soft liners , because the Imse Vimse ones just felt so hard and rough against my poor boy 's bottom .
 The kids do n't mind them , but I would pass if I had it to do over.These get realllly stinky when you put milk in them , and I am not convinced the thermos action does anything to keep the milk any colder . Washing them ia a real pain , they do n't seem to snap together all the way when reassembling , and they still smell like sour milk after washing in boiling hot soapy water .
 I was disappointed to find out that this item is manufactured in China . This really should be disclosed in the item details . I would probably have given it a five if I had not been specifically searching for a stainless product that was not from China.As a result of criticism received on my above review I find it necessary to elaborate . I purchased the Foogo by Thermos Leak-Proof SS 12 oz - Straw Bottle for my son for the same reason many parents have , a non-toxic alternative to the popular plastic products on the market . However , I also had another concern at the time of purchase . I knew I wanted a stainless steel product , the problem was I also knew I did not want one that was manufactured in China . I was concerned with the increasing number of lead tainted products being exported by the country and simply did not want a metal product from China . My problem was finding documentation on many of the stainless steel products on the market . During my research , I discovered that although Thermos has many products manufactured in China they also had a high end line that was manufactured in Malaysia . So I decided to take a chance and buy the foogo hoping that it was also from Malaysia since it had a higher price tag than the Chinese made products . I was disappointed to find out when it was delivered that it was indeed `` Made in China '' . In an attempt to save other like minded parents the same frustrations I reviewed the product , giving it two stars and pointing out that it was manufactured in China . I then proceeded to copy my review to the remaining foogo line of product , disclosing that I had not purchased them personally but to assume that they were made in China .
 That pretty much says it , as does everyone else who gave it a one-star rating . It 's a Petri dish disguised as a sippy cup . It 's hard to put together properly because of all the little parts . I bought two . We used them for two months , then I gave up and recycled them . Use your money to buy a Nuby or something similar instead .
 It 's difficult to disassemble and reassemble this properly -- nothing `` clicks '' to let you know it 's properly snapped into place , and when it 's not lined up exactly right , it leaks . My daughter loves to play with it , but has so far absolutely refused to drink out of it , defeating the purpose . And the `` made in China '' part scares me in light of all the lead paint issues and toy recalls . I wish I had n't bought two of these at the same time -- I was so sure we 'd like them .
 dont buy this cup it was $ 23.00 total and it leaked a full cup of milk all over my sofa and after about 1 month it has a strong stench of mildew so i threw it in the garbage i called theorems and the refused to replace it they said they are aware of the problem but they wont replace the cup so money in the garbage if i could have given it 0 stars i would have
 This sippy cup is great idea and great design . Unfortunately , if your toddler chews on the spout very much at all -LRB- and what toddler does n't have the urge to chew on something nice and soft in her mouth ? -RRB- , you will soon have a hole and eventually the entire top of the spout will be in two pieces . And there are apparently no replacement parts . Bummer . Otherwise , it 's fabulous , but with a broken spout , pretty unusable .
 I have only used this cup once , and it leaked . Probably this is due to not assembling all the parts to the lid correctly , as other reviewers have noted . But come on ! There are 4 different parts to the lid !! Who designed this ? The fact that this cup is safe and BPA-free does NOT make up for such poor design .
 I bought this cup for my son to avoid using harmful plastic . He was 10 months old , took a sip from the cup , threw it on our kitchen floor , and the handle busted off ! I emailed Thermos , and after many other emails , they finally sent me a replacement cup . Now my son is 20 months old . He seems to use the cup really well . However , the cup leaks like crazy ! He thinks it is really funny to shake the cup upside down to watch the milk squirt out . It leaks from the top and the bottom of the lid . I have finally lost my patience this morning when I discovered my son 's diaper bag full of milk that had leaked out of his cup ! I had visions of throwing it out of the car window ! What a big pain from such an expensive sippy cup !
 I purchased two of these cups for my daughter after discovering that all of our other cups were made of polycarbonate . We were looking for an alternative that does not leach BPA into her beverages.I found these on Amazon , and decided to give them a try.They look great . Nice and shiny , clean looking . They do weigh a lot because they are insulated and because of this they do not hold a lot of liquid either . I have to refill these cups about once an hour , sometimes more during warm weather . So if you 're looking for something to hold you over during a longer trip , look elsewhere.My other BIG complaint is that they stink . Somehow liquid gets underneath the lip at the top where the plastic lid begins and you can not get it out . I 've handwashed , put it in the dishwasher , soaked it , taken a nipple brush to it - nothing works . The nipple brush helped , it brought out a bunch of dark , smelly mold like liquid-y stuff but apparently did not get it all.My other smaller complain is the number of pieces to this cup , which can easily be lost or possibly torn and they too discolor . But when you reassemble all those pieces , nine times out of ten , the cup leaks . You can correct it but it is a bit frustrating.I have not tried any other cups , but I would steer clear of these stainless steel cups .
 My son -LRB- 18 months -RRB- took the sippy bottle and turned it up side down when it began to leak . This only lead to him thinking it was fun , and shaking it harder for more water to pour out . This is not the sippy cup for those who have active exploring children . We also bought the `` Safe Sippy '' - with no problems -LRB- even held up-side down -RRB-
 This cup was nice for a few months , but I 've noticed a smell for a while . I 've hand washed it and put it in the dishwasher , but it still smells . There is a seam on the inside of the cup where the metal meets the plastic . It is impossible to keep clean , as it wo n't come apart . One morning I actually saw -LRB- and smelled -RRB- bacterial colonies around the rim . It was disgusting ! It 's really too bad , because it 's a great cup otherwise .
 I bought several of these in order to replace my daughter 's plastic sippy cups . Upon opening the thermos I noticed a very pungent odor of chemicals and plastic just as a previous reviewer had mentioned . I washed the cup out and filled it with a drink for my daughter who reported that it was `` icky . '' I then decided to return them all as the plastic smell was so strong that it defeated my original purpose .
 I have had this cup for over 4 months and the majority of the time it leaks . I am very disappointed with this product especially after spending so much on it . I have disassembled and reassembled the parts of the lid numerous times to try and get it to stop leaking but it seems to have a mind of its own . Do n't waste your money on this cup .
 After having milk in it it will never be the same . Somehow it gets into the inside of the cup 's wall and starts to STINK like crazy . Rotten milk smell . I Can not get rid of it . Too bad because otherwise it 's a good cup . It does leak a little but not enough to stop using it . I had to throw it out due to the horrible smell ...
 I wanted very badly to like this sippy cup . The first one seemed to leak immediately . Liquid does n't pour out but there is a small trickle if its not sitting up . I have taken it apart and reassembled it many times to no avail . I even purchased a second thinking I was being dense with putting it together . Nope . It happened again with the second one . I had n't even taken it apart to make sure and it still leaked . Granted I had to shake it a bit but it should n't leak no matter what . Save your money .
 I purchased two of the 7 oz . Leak Proof Sippy Cups for my daughter . I have followed the directions exactly and can not get it to close without leaking ! My husband is an engineer and can not get it to close properly either . The lid consists of 4 pieces and the spout part just does not seat into the lid portion easily or well . The valve also is two parts that need to click together in order to seal . I really have tried it over and over without success.I have four children and have used a multitude of sippy cups over the past 8 years
 I have always been frustrated during the summer that I ca n't keep milk cold and fresh throughout the day for my daughter and would really prefer she not drink a ton of juice . So when I saw this product I was really excited . For about one week . Everything the other bad reviews say is true . It is very difficult to assemble in a way that wo n't leak . It is equally difficult to clean . And the sour milk smell that developed after a week of use -LRB- if you 're out all day , the milk will eventually go bad -RRB- has made the cup totally unusable . I use a Thermos brand coffee thermos every day and do n't have any of the same issues with that product . In fact , if they could just apply the assembly that they use on that mug to this cup they would probably have a perfect product . Until them , I am still in search of an insulated sippy cup . Do n't waste your money on this one ; it wo n't last long enough to be worth it .
 These are very hard plastic , they do not bend , there is nothing `` soft '' about these items.I replaced my spring type door stops with these , three days later I put the springs back.When you bump your foot against the hard plastic , it hurts , the springs would just bend.When the baby steps on the hard plastic , it rips out of the wall , the springs would just bend.I just superglued the white caps on the springs .
 I liked these at first but now I do n't like them as much because my 3 year old sometimes likes to step on them causing damage to the trim they are screwed into . They can not support the weight because they do not bend . I 've also had one break , but the main issue is the damage when these get stepped on . Keep that in mind . It would be nice to see these in a flexible design but I 'm not aware of any . Also , I would n't call these `` soft '' . UPDATE 2010-02-10
 I never received this , and attempts to reach the seller went unanswered . I guess I 'm the victim of Internet trickery , but I did n't lose much , and 1 out of 50 transactions is n't too bad .
 Does n't stay in place , too expensive ... I do better with a waterproof diaper changing pad ! I cut slits in it for the buckle and straps to go through , and it works TONS better . Save your money on this one .
 I thought I would save some time when preparing for my second child by just buying this product instead of sewing more of the seat-liners I made for my daughter . BIG MISTAKE !!! The coverage on this thing is abysmal ! It is quilted with polyester batting . Polyester is NOT absorbent ! The knit-terry -LRB- like baby wash cloths -RRB- on the next-to-bottom side IS probably around 80 % cotton . So that is somewhat absorbent , but that is all you 've got for absorbency ! 80 % of a super thin knit-terry . I ended up cutting this seat liner up to see what it is made of , and then sewing more of my own design -LRB- much better coverage ! -RRB- using ProCare as a barrier and 3 layers of super-soft , 100 % cotton quilter 's flannel .
 The thought of not having a mess on the baby 's car seat if the diaper should leak was very appealing and when I discovered this Piddle Pad I quickly bought a few , thinking I 'd use it in several places , not just the car seat but also the stroller , the high chair , etc. . Yes , the terry cloth top will absorb liquid , but once you throw it in the washing machine or even hand wash it , the entire piece will dry crooked , it loses the proper shape , and wo n't fit right no matter how hard you attempt to place it properly . This is one of those things that are good in theory but not in practice unless the design and material is corrected .
 Everytime my 2 year old falls asleep in his carseat his head tilts to the side in a very uncomfortable looking position . We were looking for some kind of a neck pillow and tried this to keep his head situated up . When attached to the seatbelts , this will keep his from rolling from side to side but his head still slides forward . He ends up with his chin on his chest . I tried to take it off of the belts and place it so it holds his chin up , and it did n't really offer much support for his head . It would probably work great with smaller children though !
 The theory behind this product is great . The reality , however , is a different story . My son did not like this at all . If he would move his head forward in the slightest , one of the pillows would go behind his head , and then he could not put his head back . They do not stay in place unless your child does n't move very much .
 These did n't work well and my little girls head still fell forward . These are hard to put around the head/neck when the child is asleep and when they are awake they do n't want the head support around their head - it was aggravating to her . Maybe this would work better for a smaller infant , but not a child over 6 months in my opinion .
 Do n't buy this product ... totally sucks . It does n't fit like it shows in the photo . It just does n't fit right . I regret buying this . . and hassle to return when it only cost about $ 10 -LRB- with baby . . going to post office and staying in the line . . was n't something I was willing to do -RRB- .
 I bought it to stop my sons head from flopping to the side when he fell asleep in the carseat but it just forced his head forward so that instead of flopping sideways it flopped forward .
 This product does not work at all for keeping baby 's head from slumping forward when installed by the instructions . However , for my nine month old , if you attach the velcro together under the car seat straps on baby 's chest , then the cushions somewhat cradle his chin and keep his head leaning to the side as long as you are not stopping and starting the car . In other words , it halfway works installed underneath the chin instead of behind the head and only if you are just coasting down the highway .
 We bought this product when my 6-month-old son moved up to a convertible car seat from his infant car seat . Because the car seat is more upright , his head was dropping forward when he fell asleep in the car . We installed the product as shown , but the first time he fell asleep , his head was pushed so far forward he snored loudly and then started wheezing . I pulled over , woke him up , and removed the pillows . We threw them away after one use . We got cushioned strap covers intead , and they seem to work better because nothing goes behind his head .
 DO NOT purchase this item if your child has a Britax Boulevard car seat -LRB- Britax Boulevard Click and Safe Convertible Car Seat - Cowmooflage -RRB- . The SIP headrest does n't provide enough room for the neck support pillow . I put it on my daughter and she could n't even move her head ! Needless to say it wo n't work for that particular car seat ! I am sure that it would work wonderfully with the Britax Marathon -LRB- Britax Marathon Convertible Car Seat Granite -RRB- which is the car seat we have in another car .
 Not sure if its just my daughter , but she is n't a big fan of this . she tries to yank it away from her and she just looks more uncomfortable with it supporting here . I bet it would better for a younger child , she 's 14 month 's old .
 I returned the product because I felt it was too small for my infant . It looked unconfortable and he was n't happy with the restrait .
 I am a car seat technician and I am here to say ... DO N'T use this product or any like it ! The strap covers can be a danger in an accident and if the car seat did n't come with them then you are not supposed to use it . There is no way to know what these would do to the straps in a collision . To use products like these is to risk your child 's life .
 This was a waste of money . I got it so that my daughters head would not fall forward while she was sleeping in her car seat but the part that goes behind her head is so bulky that it actually pushes her head forward . It also limits their head movement when they are awake , so I had to take it off anyway . It did not hug her head like it is shown in the picture . I think you would be better off with one of those small boppy like pillows they make for this same purpose and just put it under their chin when they fall asleep .
 I 've tried to position this thing several different ways with very little success . My son is 7 months and when he falls asleep in his carseat his head ends up straight forward chin to chest . I 'll give it one more try then it 's gon na be returned . Disappointing ! Another reason I rated this so low , is the Velcro strap that attaches behind the head was to short . With the strap connected the pillow forces my sons head forward . This product would probably work better in an infant carrier/car seat because it is reclined more . But as for preventing `` floppy head '' in a proper carseat it gets a BIG ZERO !! ALSO I DON `` T see how this thing could fit a toddler 's head -LRB- as seen on packaging -RRB- . I guess you would n't use the strap but then were does the strap go ? The Velcro is rough ; I 'm sure it would end up caught in the kids hair . Whatever , as I said ZERO stars if I was able to do that .
 This item does not stay in place . If my baby leans forward the sides fall inward , then she can not put her head back because they are in her way . They are also pretty restrictive when they cradle her head , but do not prevent her head from slumping forward when she sleeps . We used it for a weekend and it bothered her so much she began crying each time we put her in the car . I asked around and was told by a number of parents that the u-shaped neck pillows are more helpful .
 My son is 8 months old . He has outgrown his infant car seat , and is now in a larger seat , but still rear facing . I bought the cradler to prevent his head from slumping forward when he falls asleep in the seat . It does not help in this regard at all . In fact , it just annoys him . I have taken it off the car seat entirely , and I 'm not using it at all.Very disappointed in California
 This product seems to fall down easily and is not comfortable for my kids . In fact , both children have tried it and ca n't make it work .
 I bought these when my son was a month old to keep his head straight while in the car seat to help with an issue with his neck muscles . It worked until his head grew large enough that we had to spread the Velcro . When we did that he started getting an irritation on the back of his head . I saved them for when he is older . he is now 8 month old and I can not find the proper configuration for them to be comfortable .
 I thought product would support head from falling forward while the baby slept . IT DOES NOT ! All car seats support head on each side so I did not need item for that reason . Not only does it not support the head , it increases the possibility of the head falling forward.I contacted the seller to return product and was told I would have to pay a variety of fees to return the product . I replied back that it was not fair that I had to pay fees if the product is not working as advertised and the seller wrote back that if I have a problem I should call the manufacturer . This is the worst customer service I have experienced . If a product is not working as advertised , the seller provides the refund . I have never been told to contact manufacturer if I am not satisfied .
 My husband and I just had the most horrifying experience . We purchased this head support and tried it this evening for the first time . When we positioned our daughter -LRB- 4 months -RRB- in the car seat , this appeared to be a great solution to the problem of holding her little head up ; it appeared to fit snugly and hold her head more erect than the positioning piece that came with her car seat . She was happy and fell asleep as we made the short drive home.When we went to unload her from the back seat , her little head was pitched frighteningly far forward ; I believe that if the drive had been longer , she could have suffered positional asphyxiation . She was sleeping soundly , and we shared a terrifying few moments waking her and checking her state . Certainly , as new parents , we all have had an instant of irrational worry ; this was not one of those occasions . We believe this device put our baby in danger.Please do not buy this product . The packaging contains no instructions or even a warning of this -LRB- now -RRB- obvious risk .
 I am a car seat technician and I am here to say ... DO N'T use this product or any like it ! The strap covers can be a danger in an accident and if the car seat did n't come with them then you are not supposed to use it . There is no way to know what these would do to the straps in a collision . To use products like these is to risk your child 's life .
 just a little head movement and the headsupport was askew . didnt stay in place at all and become more of an annoyance .
 This cup was recommended to me when I was transitioning my daughter off the bottle . She definitely did the best with this cup over all other sippy cups -LRB- I have a cabinet full - of one of every brand -RRB- , and I noticed her milk intake definitely increased when drinking from the nuby . But the darn things leaks all over the place . I thought I had a `` bad batch '' , so I threw them out and bought new - just to find the same problem . I 'm planning to use them just a while longer until I am confident my daughter is used to the sippy cup , then all of them are going in the trash .
 When trying to get my son to transition from bottle to sippy cup we bought this one first . What a mistake . He never really sucked on it , he would chew on it to get his water out . And he would push the spout down almost inside-out causing the rest of it to sink in and then it would leak all over the place .
 I hate this product it is the worst sippy cup I have ever used . I thought that the soft silicone spout would make for an easier transition ; but cup leaks and the spout does not line up properly . My son also hates it . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought two of the Twin Handle Cup with No-Spill -LRB- tm -RRB- drinking Spout cups at a local store and contrary to their `` No-Spill '' name , they leak all over the place - from the base and from the cup . Thankfully , they do n't also leak from the spout . I did n't have the cups but two weeks and they fell apart . I have not washed them in the dishwasher so have no idea why they would fall apart . The base and handles are one piece and they just do n't stay together with the cup . My local store will not let me return them and I have not been able to get in touch with anyone at Luv 'n Care . I 'm disappointed b/c my daughter loved the cups , but I ca n't use them with this amount of leaking . I do not recommend this cup until they perfect it .
 I baught this cup on June 2nd from local store , the beautiful color and the soft spout attracted me since my 5 month baby 's teeth were not coming out yet and I thought this soft spout would be suitable for her . My baby likes the orange color and can hold it . But , first I found the bottle is leaking really badly . Second , the spout is stained by orange juice and the color is dfficult to wash off . The worst thing is , this morning my baby tapped the handle and the handle just fell apart from the bottle ! I tried to push the handle back to its position but it loose again and again . This 9-day life bottle is the worst baby product I baught ever .
 I bought this cup to allow my baby boy drink some juice . I liked the soft `` spout '' feature and figured it would be easier on his gums , but the handles wo n't line up correctly with the spout . It is too hard for him to hold the handle at the bottom and top of the cup when he is trying to drink , so we just do n't use it . Also , it arrived in pink , I was n't given a color choice , but I would n'thave chosen pink for a boy !
 I love the no-handle Nuby cup so bought these thinking they 'd be just as great . Unfortunately , after an hour of trying , we have found it impossible to screw on the top such that the handles are in the right spot relative to the spout . It should not be so hard ! I 've never used them and now have had to throw them away .
 I like all the other Nuby sippy cups so I felt pretty good about buyingthis one . This is the worst sippy ever . Every time you put the cap on you have to fight with it to get the spout lined up with the handles and then it leaks everywhere . This cup is aggravating from start to finish .
 After less than a month , my son 's cup started leaking from the spout . He bites the spout -LRB- what kid does n't -RRB- and this eventually caused the spout to crack . Now it leaks everywhere . While I loved this product at first , I ended up being very disappointed . A sales person suggested a buy replacement nipples . They sell for $ 3.99 . Does n't seem worth it when I bought the cup for $ 5.99 .
 I bought this cup because I liked how similar it seems to a bottle and thought it would the transition to a cup easier . However , since my son was teething he loved biting down on the silicone nipple and ended up tearing it up with his teeth . As a result , the liquid would spill everywhere ! I thought it was just a flaw with the first cup I bought , but the same thing happened with the second one . I contacted the manufacturer and they offered to replace the valve , but they in no way seemed concerned because they claim the silicone is not hazardous . However , my main issue is that if he was able to tear the silicone so easily then he could have possibly torn a piece off and choked.We ended up using the Gerber Fun Grips Soft Starter Spill-proof Cup . These cups were small enough for him to hold well . We had much better luck with this product .
 I 'm definitely disappointed with this sippy cup . After the first dishwasher cleaning -LRB- top rack -RRB- the cup now leaks and the leak is NOT coming from how the nipple was secured . I like the soft nipple , but it 's back to finding another type/brand .
 Like the title states my baby pulls and bites at the lid which is silicone which in turn makes it very easy to come apart from the plastic that holds the silicone lid in place . With that in mind I am sure you can see the mess I had with cleaning up liquid from the floor , clothing , etc. . Since the product was so awful I taught my baby how to sip through a straw , it takes a little time , and it is very worth the time . My baby now does not have to tip anything upside down to get the liquid out . Like the normal sippy cups . We go to restaurants and we get a kid cup with a straw and my baby sips through it like a pro . Buy the way my baby is only 10 months old !! Try Munchkin My First Straw Cup
 it takes too long to fidgit with to get a good seal when capping cup , plus i 've had a number of the handles break from constant throwing on the ground . I found another Nuby product I really liked much better the nipple pieces are smaller but they have worked well for about 8 months .
 I have 3 different types of nuby sippy cups and these are the worst . I wish I could find the ones I like , but I do n't see them on Amazon and I bought the last 3 in the store .
 I gave this product 2 stars because on the bottom of the cups the plastic cracks and leaks milk/juice . The handles come off the bottom easy and when done enough it cracks the plastic . I had them only for a month and they started leaking . Other wise they are really cute cups and I like the rubber sippy .
 These -LRB- and the Nuby gripper cups -RRB- were the only ` sippy cups ' that I could get my daughter to use after stopping breastfeeding . Yet , now at 18 months , she still only wants these cups and they leak horribly and are time consuming to prepare . Even after the tedious job of lining up the notches perfectly -LRB- and the silicone spout often slips when you screw it onto the cup , so you often have to take it out and line it up all over again -RRB- , we often get leaks from some other minor problem in the lid . I have to triple check every aspect of the lid to ensure no major leaks.Also , the spouts break very easily -LRB- which causes major leakage -RRB- , and I have had to keep replacing them . I am desperately trying to break my daughter of these cups .
 this cup is the worst . they promise you something that is not true.it is frustrating . it always leak and I have to hold the cup under my daughter chin with a towel so she does not get all wet .
 This cup is a FABULOUS idea , too bad it leaks so horribly . It does n't leak from the mouth piece - it leaked from the bottom !
 We bought three and within a few days they all leaked from the bottom of the plastic cup . I noticed that when our child dropped one of them from the high chair they came apart but easily snapped back into place . The design problem is there is slack in the way the plastic cup sits in the two handed handle . In the normal everyday operation of tightening the top on so it does not leak the force actually tears small holes in the cup because the base actually rips the cup apart . The plastic is so flimsy its like paper . This should be recalled and we should all get our money back !!!
 I heard good things about the nuby cups so I purchased the two handle sippy . It is difficult to screw on , the lid is difficult to take on/off and it leaks no matter what I try to do . Interestingly enough the one without the handles does not leak .
 I thought these cups would be an excelent choice for my breastfed baby to transition to a cup . They leak all over the place !! I have tried different styles of Nuby cups , all with the exact same problem !!! Do n't waste your money ! Try the Avent sippy cups ! Much better !
 I bought this cup for my son as we were transitioning from bottle to sippy cup . I thought it was me not lining the bottle up correctly with the lid but after reading all of these reviews these are just horribly made sippy cups . They leak all over the place . Definetly do not waste your money !
 The handles on this thing are BPA -LRB- illegal in Canada -RRB- . I have no idea why it 's in the Amazon BPA-free store .
 These cups are made of polycarbonate plastic , which is a known toxic plastic , especially unsafe in food/drink storage . Nuby makes other two handled sippy cups that are made of safe polypropylene plastic . Cups made of unsafe PC plastic are usually clear and hard , while cups made of safe PP plastic are softer and `` clouded '' plastic .
 BEWARE BUYERS , THIS THING LEAKS ALL THE TIME !!! all of the nuby products I bought leaks all of it content whenever it 's on its side , so that means , leaks when it tips over in the diaper bag , and when the baby drinks the bottle.Such a waste of money !
 I had the same difficulty as other reviewers in trying to get the cup put together properly to avoid leaking -LRB- one of the two cups I have still leaks , though -RRB- but I noticed that my seven-month-olds could n't get the water from the cup unless they bit down on the spout . I 'm breastfeeding , and this is a bad habit for them to get into ! We wo n't be using these cups again . Sidenote
 The cup was working fine for us until my 7 month old dropped it from about two feet above the vinyl in the kitchen , and ended up knocking a chunk of the plastic out of the cup . There is an inch wide hole in the cup . Considering he was relatively close to the floor , and the floor is n't particularly hard , this cup broke wayyyy too easily .
 it is a very good training cup when new . but after a few use , the silicone tip cracked easily , then it leaks terribly of course . if one does not mind constantly buying replacement top part for it , then it 's fine , but it gets pricy . I am changing to a different cup .
 - nipple is WAY too big for my 7 month olds mouth-very difficult to line up lid with the cup
 I bought two of these two - handle Nuby sippy cups because they look nice and I had bought other Nuby products . But in use these are not easy to properly close the top , and they soak my 18-month and drips everywhere . The design flaw is the spout . When the spout is pulled out of the baby 's mouth , it retains liquid and pulls the liquid out too . This cup is more trouble then its worth . It 's obvious the seller of these cups did n't bother testing them before selling them .
 I usually do my research before buying new products . But , did n't do as much when looking for a sippy cup . I thought this one would be better when compared to the others . I did speak with one parent and she told me it was okay , but showed me a defect with another well known brand . Well , I 'm not pleased . The spout leaks and collapeses and is a bit too large for my son 's mouth . I 've tried loosening it a bit , but that does n't help . I only use it when absolutely necessary . Will definitely not recommend this one ...
