 My daughter loves zebras and when she saw this of course we had to listen to the whining until it was bought . School has been in session now for 5 weeks and so far so good . Nothing has broken or ripped which usually does happen with backpacks . It is big enough to even carry her 3 inch binder with some of her other school books .
 My son loves this backpack . He is 9 and it is his first . I was concerned about the color but its very gender and age neutral and looks great . He will be able to use this for many years .
 The item is great . Purchased two , one for each of my boys . They loved it . I also received it when promised and the price was great . Loved the service . Thank you .
 My daughter has always been really hard on her backpacks for school , and so far this one is holding up to her usual abuse ! It has plenty of room for her notebooks , reading material and her lunchbox . The fabric repels liquids as well , so it still looks clean after weeks of use , dropping it in the dirt , etc. . I have hopes that it will last through an entire school year !
 Speedy delivery and I loved the bag . Very practical and sturdy . Protects books even in the rain ! And is strong enough to carry all my stuff .
 I purchased this backpack last semester as my laptop bag simply was n't cutting it anymore . First off , I will say that this backpack is well made . The material is very tough and seems like it would take years of abuse to even begin to wear . As stated in the title , I found the blues to be of a deeper shade than depicted in the photo ; however , this turned out to be a good thing because I ended up liking the deeper colors better anyway . Just something to note if you are super set on the color shown . The main pouch of the backpack easily fit my usual compliment of overpriced textbooks -LRB- three 500 pagers -RRB- and two 2.5 &#34; binders . The front pouch provided ample room for a few packs of pencils and headphones , etc. . To sum it up , this is an awesome looking backpack at a killer price . I have received many compliments . The quality is great and the material is top notch . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Am very satisfied , I love this swag product ;-RRB- am from Algeria and I am very happy with this magic back pack thank you amazon
 this is a purchase of exactly what i thought i was buying ... sturdy , fashionable , color matches the look in person . . attractive print
 This item is exactly what I wanted and it works perfectly . I would buy it again . And it shipped very fast too .
 We have to source them from the US , but they are a great schoolbag . Light and strong . Great fabric.Highly recommended .
 Bought this about two yrs ago . I have to walk across campus all the time -LRB- and my campus is HUGE -RRB- . The shoulder straps are comfortable , It does n't rip easily , and it can carry a good amount of books , computer , etc. . Easy to wash , and is pretty sturdy . I love it.Cons
 My grandson is tough on backpacks . My granddaughter had asked for a new JanSport backpack for Christmas , and that request was handed off to her aunt . Auntie said she still had the JanSport she used in college , and still used it regularly ! I thought if it was that sturdy maybe it would be good for my grandson , too . And the variety of colors and prints and plaids is so great ! So I got him the Red Riff Bomber Plaid because it looked like a 13 year old boy 's sort of print - and he loves it . So far no rips and tears , the zippers are still stitched in place and still work - and he 's proud to be seen carrying it . Five stars are well earned !
 It looks nice its not to flashy so people wont feel to overwhelmed lol its perfect for college SWAG ! AWESOME
 I purchased this for my husband , and he loves that it is so simple . It fits lots of books/notebooks but it could use more pockets
 My daughter is not easy on her stuff this back is great strong and durable I highly recommend worth the extra $
 It is an amazing backpack that is affordable for the quality . You 're getting a nice Jansport backpack that holds books and a laptop . The smaller pocket holds various pens and highlighters.If you are a college student looking for something to get you to class and back , this is a great backpack . I love the gray simply because it is something different yet sleek .
 This backpack was just what my daughter wanted . The only issue was that the Jansport label was placed directly on the face of the humming bird so we removed it .
 I bought this for my sister for Christmas , she actually specifically asked for this color in a jansport backpack.She loved it when she opened it on Christmas morning !!
 I always own jansport in high school now I am in college decided to buy this again and it seem pretty cool overall . Nothing wrong with it used it for few months and still holds up great
 My son loved it . Sturdy , yet lightweight backpack . Great color and good quality , just what you 'd expect from a Jansport product .
 muy buen producto los recomiendo , fue enviado en el tiempo ofrecido y muy bien empacado , el producto es bueno muchas gracias
 I love backpacks so much very useful when I 'm in school in like five textbooks and my binders.This is my favorite backpack .
 Someone else in my school even had this backpack I recommend for middle school . Its awesome . I got the purple/blue zebra one .
 Its very comfy to wear . I wore it for 2 + hours on the back of a motorcycle with presents inside and it was n't uncomfortable at all . It even rained and got dirty , but nothing inside got wet and the dirt just brushed off the backpack . Plus the color is perfect , exactly like in the photo ! Totally recommend !
 At first when I received this backpack I was a little taken aback with just how thin and light it was . I admit that I thought it would be shortlived . I bought this for my son in elementary school , and anyone who has young juds know they live to destroy things . I 've had to replace backpacks every year like clockwork , and around this time -LRB- about 5 months into the school year -RRB- I would start to notice tear , splitting seams and broken zippers . This backpack is pristine , not a single sign of wear . I 'm beginning to think I may get away without having to replace his backpack this year . As far as the unit is concerned , the colors are a lot more vibrant than the pictures indicate . Its a georgeous backpack with brilliant white , skyblue and black colors . It definitely stands out . Inside it 's very spacious in both the main compartment and smaller accessory compartment.Overall its a good unit and I would not hesitate to buy it again , in fact I think I 'm gon na get one for myself as well .
 Wow , i really love this one , it 's a perfect one.it 's so strong ; it can hold a lot of book . You should buy this : D
 I bought this for my kid sister at the beginning of the semester and she loved it because I also gave her a package of fabric markers . It let her personalize it without it looking tacky . It is now December and it is holding up great .
 Perfect for school or for travel . Best backpack I have ever bought . The corduroy stays clean and is perfect for a carry on .
 well i ordered this back in 2009 and man its so sturdy i still use it now i hasnt really shown a sign of and damage nothing falling apart and i throw my backpack around everywhere at home the floor at school its shoved in lockers blah blah blah i really do love this backpack it is really great and it isnt bootleg if its bootleg then the small pocket of the back packs zipper is on the leftso bootleg backpack = small pocket zipper opens from left nd in this picture it starts on the right and the jansport is blue and yupp not bootleg i guarentee you
 I bough this guy as a replacement for my old jansport backpack that died after about seven years -LRB- I tend to destroy things -RRB- . I use this for everyday use in college . I like the design , but most importantly I picked jansport because their products tend to last a long time . It 's a great backpack . I 'd recommend it especially if you like no-nonense backpacks like I do .
 honestly happy to have found this at lowest price then anywhere else , I purchased it for my son for school and he has no complaints .
 Jansport backpacks are well made and are always a fan of students . All of my 4 children have this backpack in varying colors and they all are happy with how they function and how they look .
 The color looks exactly what is shown in the picture . The backpack is strong and it is comfortable to use .
 For as long as I can remember I have wanted a JANSPORT BACKPACK . In middle school everybody had them . They were great because they were lightweight , relatively inexpensive , and had just enough room for what one might need . However , growing up , who usually buys your school stuff , your parents , so that was that . Fortunately , I needed one for bicycling , -LRB- running around town or whatever , going to the mall , shopping , etc. -RRB- and finally decided to get one . The idea behind buying a YELLOW one was , -LRB- if you 've ever bicycled in traffic before , then you would understand . The brighter and more visual you are , the greater your chances of being seen.This backpack appears small , but looks are deceiving . It 's quite roomy , even for athletic gear , as I discovered by putting a pair of Reebok leather hi tops in the main compartment , two books , a lunch bag , and my wallet , and that was just in the main compartment ! I have n't tried the smaller front compartment , but I 'm sure this is just fine as well . The straps are comfortable , maybe not as comfortable as other packs , but for the price , you ca n't beat this one . I also love the fact too about the brighter colored packs , if you 're biking in traffic on a sunny day , believe me , after trying it out , the sun will catch the nylon in which JANSPORT backpacks are made out of , -LRB- at least the SuperBreak ones -RRB- . Overall , definitely worth the money . I would n't recommend to somebody who has to use it every single day carrying more than 25-30lbs of books . But , if you 're looking for something for college use , community college , night school , running errands , exploring , whatever along these lines , this I would recommend . I get looks when I have this on , -LRB- are people staring at the backpack because they 've never seen a yellow one before or are they just in awe over it ? I have no idea , as long as I 'm safe & comfortable with it on me -RRB- .
 This year , I am glad I decided to buy a backpack for my kid that looks great and wo n't fall apart on him . The cheapo , $ 15 Wal-mart bags do n't look nearly as nice , and never last us more than a few months . This size is perfect for a few folders , a couple books , and a lunchbox .
 i got this bag in september for school and it is very durable , good looking , and i do n't have an issue with the size of it . i love jansport backpacks and amazon made it easier for me to enjoy them !
 Jansport is still popular and `` trendy . '' Not because everyone has it , but because the quality of it . This is my third jansport backpack . They do n't rip easily for up to years , zipper is well made and durable . Comfort is always great , and the classic two zip pockets never get old . Amazons always good w receipts and shipping .
 MY DAUGHTER BOUGHT THIS BAG FOR SCHOOL . IT IS A GREAT COLOR AND VERY LARGE AND STURDY . SHE HAS A LOT OF HEAVY BOOKS AND IT IS HOLDING UP VERY WELL .
 My 7 year old LOVES this back pack , It is very sturdy and holds all her stuff and is not too big . Love the zebra print too !
 Bought this for my 11year old son just starting Middle School -- looks and is as stated on the description . Works fine for school back pack purposes !
 I especially love the color of this backpack , it is very cute , however since this backpack only has two pockets it does not have a lot of space for textbooks . Other than the space issue it is a very nice backpack .
 It came right on time and was the proper color and the price was as stated in their Ad . This is a very sturdy bag . I am happy as a Clam . : - -RRB-
 delightful back pack just what i wanted . just a little thin on the fabric . colors very good hope it hold up for a long time
 I was looking for a backpack for my fiance to have for her classes . And this pack is great for her because its small and yet can hold all her books for class .
 I 've used these backpacks for years , and I 've only owned two so far . I like that it looks simple . It does n't have too many unnecessary pockets . I sling this over my right shoulder to keep from being pickpocketed during my commute . My current backpack has been used for maybe four years , and it 's still going strong . It has enough support padding on the straps , but could use some padding on the back for heavier things to carry . This is n't a big deal since I do n't like bringing a lot of stuff in my bag too often . Classic backpack . Would recommend .
 I love it . . the quality is great too . . small and nice looking . . perfect for high school students.fits about 2 textbooks . . perforated pockets in the smallest pocket -LRB- the one in front -RRB- . .
 JanSport is always a great product and very durable . This was bought for my son in college . I personally think it was too small for a college student . But since his classes were spread out , he only needed to carry 1-2 books at a time ; so it did n't matter anyway . Great product though !
 Try finding a decent packback in March . My daughter needed to replace her backpack during the school year and this is perfect . We tried all the local stores but they had no selection . So of course we looked to Amazon and bought this backpack . We are very pleased .
 This is just what I was looking for for my son . He 's rough with his stuff so I got him this and it 's working out well . It can handle being lugged around everyday without any issue . It has a `` cool '' design which he loves . Highly recommended .
 Bought 2 years ago and still it looks like new . I love this stylish design and from time to time I get compliments about how coll my backpack is .
 I HAVE PURCHASED SEVERAL BACKPACKS FOR MY 14 YEAR OLD SON . TYPICALLY , WITHIN A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME UNDER MY SON 'S DAILY USE , THEY FALL APART . THIS BACKPACK HAS NOT ONLY WITHSTOOD THE TEST OF MY SON 'S HEAVY SCHOOL BOOKS , TOSSING AROUND ON THE BLACKTOP , ETC. , BUT THE LITTLE COMPARTMENTS ARE GREAT TO EASILY ACCESS HIS PHONES AND GADGETS !! HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 Gave this as a birthday present to a young friend , who reports that it is very pretty , and holds all her school things . Probably very similar to the JanSport backpacks of my younger days , but in more modern colors .
 Best prices anywhere around for these super trendy and stylish packs all the kids want today . I mean under $ 15.00 is what I paid right before Christmas for a super cute one for my daughter . Quality is as expected from this brand , which I always have viewed Jansport as durable and made for use and abuse without ripping or fraying etc. , not a cut rate discount item sold for cheaper because it is defective or flawed . 5 stars all the way around !!
 this backpack was well worth the price . it 's a bit thin , but it 's really light and comfortable even when you 're carrying around tons of books . the front pocket has lots of storage room and although this backpack looks small , it has lots of space . i 'd get this again if i needed . great backpack ! u wo n't go wrong buying this
 I 've always liked Jansport brand backpacks . They weigh absolutely nothing and this is kind to my back and the extra padding in the straps is nice , too . The material and stitching is always far superior to other brands.I love the new fabrics they are making these out of ! I got the Black Tattoo Love and simply adore it . I can feel the eyes on my backpack when I go out in public . It 's cool to have a unique backpack .
 I 've used Jansport backpacks for years and the quality is great . I wanted to find a rare color so I purchased it in Light Purple Passion and love it ! The color was slightly different as I thought the strap/padding part of it was black but it turned out to be a dark violet & the strings to the zipper were striped not solid . Even though it was n't the same as shown -LRB- not really a good thing -RRB- I ended up liking it better than the sample picture .
 I can not leave it at home since I bought it . It became my everyday friend . Not big , not small , just the best size and beautiful .
 Got this bag for my sister , who loved it ! Recommend these bags and this seller as well .
 My son selected this bag though I wanted him to take other model . He loved it sooo much . It is light one and very comfortable for his back . All his friends liked it .
 The bag is small in size and thinner than most jansport bags but serves its purpose and seems sturdy for the price . I got it with free shipping so made the purchase worth it .
 The Original black Jansport backpack is a classic . I have an old one that still has not broken after at least seven years . My boyfriend liked mine so much that I got him one , too . It 's big enough to hold a good amount of stuff -LRB- especially books -RRB- and has a couple compartments inside the front pocket , but there are n't too many pockets .
 The backpack was very good , however , it was packed in a box that was wayyyy to big and i have to incurred additional charges since it was shipped out of the US to the Caribbean . I will really like it if you guys can send make your packages much smaller . ThanksRemo .
 La mejor mochila para un estudiante , muy c&oacute;moda y el precio vale la calidad que compras tengo otra desde hace mas de 10 anios y sinceramente eh abusado de ella y aun sigue aguantando .
 Very nice and fun to take to school I would definitely recommend it to my friends and family . You should buy more than one . Woot woot !!
 Basic back pack elegant color I really enjoy having this back pack to take my groceries and this was the purpose , so it 's perfect . The plus is that this gray color is pretty elegant and I can go other places before food shopping and it does n't affect my looks . I think the price is great as well , smart choice !
 I was looking for a bigger pack , and did n't have ideas on size dimensions . Oddly enough , I 'm growing fond of it . I carry my gym shoes and clothes , towel , protein bottle , vitamins , and bathroom goods . With a main pouch and single size zipper pouch , the pack is essentially full . It serves it 's purpose .
 I ordered two of these for my kids for Christmas , they look way cuter in person than in the photo . I hope that Jansport still has the same great quality as they did when I was kids . So far so good .
 Ca n't go wrong with JanSport . Good backpack - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 I bought mine when I started to study again . I always wanted one , and it exactly what I was looking for . I love mine .
 My son loves his backpack ! His old bookbag was a JanSport bookbag that he had for years -LRB- about 6 to be exact -RRB- . They are durable , fashionable , washable , and last longer than other brands that I have purchased . Due to my son being in middle school , he needed a durable backpack that could take on the weight of multiple school textbooks . He can get all of his supplies in it too , so that 's why I rated the backpack like I did .
 i love it , im very happy , the backpack is for my daugther and she is very happy , i like very much the color
 The price is suitable . And it looks like pretty . It is big enough for me to carry my books in whole day .
 I am a college student and I bought this bag to be easier on my back for when I have to run around campus . It is the perfect size to hold all my notebooks and my iPad , and it is extremely comfortable . I love this brand .
 I 've been using this backpack since my 2nd semester of college and it has been holding up very well . I just wish it had more padding though .
 So far , this has been a great backpack for my daughter . It is very strong & durable and she loves the pattern . Unfortunately she brings a lot of heavy items home from school on a daily basis and her last backpack strap tore because it could n't handle the weight . However this new Jansport backpack seems like it will hold up for a long time . Love it !!
 This is a great backpack it has plenty of space for all my stuff .
 The bookbag was exactly what I was looking for . It was so easy to find on amazon , and inexpensive . It come quickly , and was in perfect condition .
 I ordered this backpack as a temporary solution . I thought it was cheap -LRB- $ 20 item , around $ 10 shipping -RRB- , but now I realize it is n't . Maybe I will start with the negative aspect of the product
 This backpack is very soft cloth . Not what you 'd think of a back pack as being , but I find it works a lot better . Its more like a sack . Because of the material its made of , it conforms easier to larger items , such as books and lunch boxes and purses . I 'll buy another just like it when school starts again , just so she 'll have a choice .
 hello , this bag is excelent you can chose from over like 40 colors instead of the usuall , black , navyblue -LRB- well the black is pretty cool it is the one i am buying -RRB- it can store alot verrrrrrrrry confortable even if you are hualing alot of wieght = D
 The pattern on the backpack is really cool . I bought this backpack because it does not have a plain jane color design , I wanted something different .
 My last JanSport lasted me about 5 years , and that was after I had found it used . I expect the same out of this one , and they 've improved a lot of the design as well . Plus the new exteriors are great .
 it value its price.you know the fabric is not so thick as I imagined and the design of it is simple.It can hold my sony laptop which is enough for me.I recommand it to the school girls or boys.The bag can hold one laptop and three books or if you like you can put the pet dog in it .
 Service and products both nice , material is good quality and product reach on time ziplock use very good quality I 'm really like it
 i did give this 4 stars as i remember these being larger when i was in high school but maybe i got bigger . Quality stitching and craftsman ship i ordere one about 6months ago as a gift and it looked to have been cut with a box knife but i didnt notice till after it was to late to return as it stayed in box till i wrapped it to gift so inspect yours well other than that quick deleivery and good product
 so it only has one main pocket which can make it difficult for more tha one textbok along with notebooks and binders however is pretty hardy . Doesnt look axactly as the picture advertises though . the blue strips dont go directly across but its still really cute .
 This backpack was great and withstood heavy weights and use every day . In school , it held up all of my books -LRB- which was a lot -RRB- and it did n't hurt my back -LRB- I trek 2 miles everyday -RRB- . I chose to buy an orange backpack . It got nasty and black on the bottom pretty fast . I would suggest a darker shade . Overall , very good !! Zippers did NOT jam .
 My son is rough with his backpacks and this one is tough and still looks like new . The grey and black colors are really popular at his school so this one looks great as well .
 I RECEIVED MY BAG WITHIN A WEEK AND HALF AND I AM CURRENTLY WORKING IN AFGHAISTAN . IT IS N'T TOO BIG OR SMALL AND STURDY ENOUGH TO LAST OUT HERE . GOOD BAG FOR THE PRICE .
 Always lasts for years with my tough High School Teens!Last one lasted my son 3 years and that was part Middle school too!Worth the extra $ $ $ $ $ $ to save in the long run!Love this product .
 I liked my new backpack a lot . The colors are beautiful and the orginiser pocket is the best.Thanks a lot
 very satisfied with school bag and binder . . good quality and material . . everthing fits in the binder nice and neatly and without it being extremly oversized . love it
 the color is great !! and the bag is well packed . very satisfied with this itemso lucky to buy such a good stuff with a good price
 Good backpack for a great price . Daughter is still using it with no complaints . Product looks like the picture in color and design .
 This bag is a nice , simple bag with few pockets . Not useful for carrying a laptop , but it is a reliable brand .
 My daughter wanted white so she could draw on it . It is a nice purchase and no problems with it.JanSport Classic SuperBreak Backpack
 it was worth a money . i would recomment anyone to buy this . good . It was very nice and comfortable and durable .
 This backpack is excellent . The color is even better than it is in the picture . It 's closer to a purplish magenta than a pure purple . The back and straps are more of a violet . It 's very cool looking . However , while well-made the canvas is a little lightweight . No problems yet though . God , it 's cool .
 Perfect condition , exactly how it looks in the picture . it is everything i imagined and more . spacious , yet small . pretty , yet simple . love it !
 It was a excellent purchase.It have lots of room inside.It is very resistant.I love the material print.I highly recoommend this backpack .
 I was looking for a basic backpack for my daughter that is smaller than the one she uses for all of her school items for a trip to Europe . This pack fit the specs perfectly . It is a good size for walking around all day , is sturdy , and the front pouch gives her easy access to small items . The pack is made with both a sturdy zipper and strong material . It also is perfect for carry on . I was happy to see that basic backpacks are still available .
 Exactly what I was looking for !! The perfect present for someone who loves the color orange !! She loves it and was so happy !!
 Nice backpack for my elementary school child . Only two pockets which is much better than a lot of the backpacks out there . With too many pockets he was always losing things . It fits him well and hopefully will last a long time .
 Classic bag you ca n't go wrong with . This bag is black and grey -LRB- forge grey -RRB- . The straps are black and the part of the bag that sit 's on your back is also black -LRB- you do n't see the black part of the bag when its on your back -RRB- . The rest of the bag is a nice neutral grey . This is a great quality bag at a great price . Amazon sells this bag for at the very least , $ 10 cheaper than any other store . If your looking for a new bag that lasts ... this is the one . I 'm replacing my old jansport that lasted me approx . 10 + years . Great investment .
 We bought this for our daughter 's birthday and she uses it daily , it stands up to her packing it full and dragging it around . It is very durable .
 I 've had my JanSport backpack in black for about 6 years now . It 's gotten me through High School and now my first year of college . It has carried things from clothes to about 30lbs . of textbooks for school and it 's still in prestine condition . Buy these backpacks people ! They wo n't let you down ! = D
 My son is very happy with it . He was using a Swiss Army pack , prefers this one .
 I bought this Jansport backpack for my daughter after the one her grandmother got her for school broke . I always bought jansports in the past for my cousins and little sister and so on ... I love the fact of the life time warrenty ! If it ever breaks or rips it just gets sent back and either fixed or replaced ... what more could you ask for ! And the backpack is as described ! My daugther loves it and never wants another one ... well for now anyhow ... lol
 This backpack is everything a backpack should be ; simple , functional , and well-fitting . I would undoubtedly buy it again , although it seems as though it will be holding up for a long time to come .
 Excellent quality for a reasonably priced backpack ! If you want a simple backpack without the frills and on a low budget , this is your backpack . Backpacks can be expensive , and children from K-6 do n't need a complicated-many-pocket backpacks . It 's just enough for their things they need to store , and it is not huge or big on the child . It 's a well made !
 This is a great quality product and holds up well with big loads . It is comfortable to wear as well . Recommend this seller as well . Fast service and item was exactly as described .
 I got this for my daughter and she loved it , she got tons of compliments on it.It is kind of thin fabric , but it sure has hold up to the test , we are pretty ruff with it , and it is like new .
 I like the bag b/c it resembled one that I had before . This one seems to be a lot smaller but I it serves the purpose as to why I had purchased it .
 I love my backpack ! I use it everyday because I carry a lot of stuff and it 's so easy to carry , so comfy ! It 's super resistant ! It 's the best backpack ever !
 I really enjoy that I found this bag here , since the heiny color Superbreak is discontinued I believe . The bag shipped quickly too . Standard free shipping and it arrived in about three days . They 're trustworthy .
 I bought this for my third grader and it 's the perfect size . The material is very lightweight , but seems to be strong enough . The padding in the back and on the shoulder straps is sufficient . My daughter loves the bright colors .
 the backpack came in perfect condition and arrived faster than anything I have ordered from amazon before . ******
 The bag looks baby blue on the internet but its really green but it looks nice still . My niece loves it .
 Great product . Shipping was fast and product is exactly what was advertised . Highly recommend
 It holds everything my daughter needs for school and looks classy and not `` loud '' . Quality looks very good , her other JanSport lasted for 3 years ! It is a good buy .
 Jansport backpacks are always lightweight and durable . The one i got in middle school lasted me until mid high school and its still laying around . I bought this blue streak color for my brother and its spacious enough to carry four thick textbooks and his notebooks for all 6 subjects . The strap has good padding so it wont leave marks on your shoulders . It only has two zippers but its more than enough . The color is somewhat bright but can be used by both guys and girls . There was a tag that came with the backpack saying that it has a lifetime warranty . Not sure about the terms and conditions but i doubt ill be using it . Overall it is a good backpack and i would recommend it for school use . Its durable enough and wont rip easily . I used to put mine on the classroom floor and it never got scraped or ripped , just dusty .
 I bought this backpack because it was about $ 20 dollars cheaper than what they sell it for in stores . I am a junior in high school and I wanted to carry my books around in a backpack rather than a tote bag that I usually carry . I have to say that the straps are rather uncomfortable even with just a few books in it . My shoulders were sore while carrying it just within the distance of me walking home from my bus stop -LRB- 1 block -RRB- . I never had this problem with my oakley backpack ... but for the price I ca n't really complain . I pretty much traded comfortableness for the looks . I wanted a small backpack to carry around through the hallways in school too and my oakley was just too big for that purpose . All in all , this backpack is great for just carrying books . It 's a small , plain , original Jansport backpack . It fits multiple textbooks and notebooks , -LRB- but beware of putting strain on your shoulders with the more books you add -RRB- ... just do n't plan on using it for hiking . Overall , I give this backpack 5 stars because I could n't ask for more of the backpack for the price of $ 22 bucks . It gets the job done .
 I bought this backpack for my brother and from the moment that he took it to school all he can say is that he loves his backpack and that everyone at school wants it , both girls and boys are begging to buy it off of him . It 's not too big nor too small , and can easily carry what is needed for middle school and high school .
 I had a JanSport follow me from my freshman year in high school to my sophomore year in college , that was over 10 years ago . Well , going back to school after a long hiatus and thought buying something else would be smart ... . WRONG !!! Should have remembered how much abuse my first JanSport went through and how long it lasted . Lesson learned , now I am a proud owner of another JanSport and could not be happier . If you 're looking for a simple pack for books and misc . junk your kids will haul throughout their years in school , look no further .
 With 5 sons attending school , backpacks are a large financial investment each year . We have learned through trial and error that Jansport is one of the best investments that you can make in backpacks . The zippers last , and believe me we have had our share of wimpy zippers . The material is completely durable , washable and can withstand a lot of experiences . We love the SuperBreak backpack , for the great price and functionality . You ca n't go wrong with Jansport !
 Although I had offered her several other brands of backpacks similar in price , my daughter was insistent that we purchase a Jansport bag . I now see why ... This bag is just right for carrying several of her textbooks back and forth to school . The straps rest comofortably on her shoulders without being bulky . The fabric and the constructions appears to be well thought-through and well-made , ready to endure the abuse that my daughter will certainly wreck up her new backpack . She tells me that she expects this bag to last through the last two years of high school on into college . I believe , after actually seeing the pack in person , she may be right ! : -RRB-
 Yea this backpacks basically perfect . Its comfortable and portable its the perfect size and it holds alota stuff definitely a good school backpack .
 The product is simple and such a classic . Will never go out of style !! Durable and easy to use/clean . Highly recommend for college students . Jansport also provides a lifetime guarantee for their products . Got it fast from the seller !
 I bought this bag for my son . . He likes the fit as it is compact and not bulky . . Plus the colours are cool !!
 Jansport has always been a favorite of mine . In fact , I do n't think I have ever purchased any other brand backpack ! I could n't quite afford the suede bottom style this time , so I ordered this one , and it is just as good . Of course , I got it in my favorite color . The Electric Purple is even more vibrant in person . It 's a gorgeous color . This is the best deal that I found on the internet .
 This is like the 10th Jansport SUperbreak backpack I have bought and loved them all the time . . Sometimes the colors are not the same as perceived online but they are fine nonetheless ... I reccommend this product . . I am a fan of Jansport backpacks all day everyday . Super strong . Always look to buy it from seller Amazon first .
 This item was listed as being instock . I chose this item over others because I needed it within a week -LRB- according to the listing that was possible . After I paid for the item I received an email stating it was out of stock and would be delaied for one week . Beware is all I can say .
 I ordered this backpack for my son . The pack we received does n't look like the photo at all , not so many stars and the other graphic looks like polka dots ! But good construction otherwise .
 I bought this backpack because its convenient , its cheap in price , durable , and its what everyone else is using ... overall its one of the best packpack out there , ive had it for a month and no problems so far
 I received the shippment in about three days . The backpack was in perfect condition and it has been very good and stirty.It is very clean and looks good . It might not look like it can fit many books but I 'm a college student and I 'm doing fine with this back pack I definitely recomend this item .
 The backpack came in perfect condition and it came pretty fast . Since it 's new , the first few weeks you need to be brake it in , cuz it 's hard .
 My old back pack was ripping at the seams . I 've only had it for a year , so when it started getting too bad I looked up backpacks here on Amazon . I found the JanSport backpack and bought it after a bit of research . I 'm very happy about my purchase . I love the front pocket . It holds A LOT of stuff . It does n't even look like it would hold so much , but you can just keep piling things in there . The backpack itself also holds a lot . I always saw other people at school with these backpacks and thought they did n't have much in them , because they still looked fairly empty . Now I know that that is just how the back pack is ! Glad I bought this backpack . Very sturdy and a lot more comfortable/compact than my old one .
 Im really glad I chose this bag among the others I saw . I really like it ! No complaints at all !
 You ca n't go wrong with JanSport . Do n't know why but their backpacks last a really long time while the other brands rip and break . My son loves anything camo and this one fit the bill . He loves it and it is very durable . Thrilled that I could get it mid-school year because his old backpack died . Plus it 's original , no one else at school has it ! Highly recommended .
 I bought this backpack for my son for Christmas and he loved it . I had been looking all over for a Jansport backpack that was n't so expensive and I found this one . It is now a couple months later and no complaints . Good deal !
 I bought this pack bag for my high school niece and she loves it ! The size is perfect for her school stuff and the color is pretty .
 Bookpack arrived as expected . My 7 y.o. boy loved the green and black fabric design . It appears durable and plenty large for his needs . Would recommend .
 I got this back pack and use it for school , it is quite nice and stylish . It is made up of very good materials and the stitching is very nice . But I have two complaints , the plastic part that controls the straps is very cheap and I bet it will break easy and the material is good but kind of thin not that good when it rains . But over all very good product I recommend you should buy it .
 Maybe can be cheaper ? I bought my previous Jan 's port for 22 on amazon , but it was 3 years ago .
 Bag is exactly as described . It 's the quintessential backpack - one large pocket for textbooks , notebooks , laptop , etc. . . and one smaller pocket to store pens and the like . I 'm convinced I 'll be pleased with the durability and functionality for time to come .
 I purchased for a great price . my daughter was looking for this color to match luggage she received .
 The backpack is great . It has room for all my child 's book , plus other items . It 's sturdy and will last for years . Jansport is the only backpack my family uses .
 Because of the price , it is good enough . But it seems not be able to carry heavy stuff , the skin is so thin .
 i hadnt used a backpack since middle school , but my large shoulder purse/bag was hurting my shoulder so i finally convinced myself to get a backpack . jansport is awesome , it got here in time and my 15.6 laptop fits in it , their warranty is a major reason why i also decided to go with them . plus its a great color
 Not really much to say about a backpack other than it holds items in it . 2 zippers for the big pocket and 1 zipper for the little one . Very roomy and never had it open up accidentally .
 Just what my daughter wanted ! She loves the classic look of JanSport . I love the durability . They last a long time .
 I have used it for more than 1 month and i am so satisfied with it . the color is beautiful
 I liked it . It 's just it 's not as good as the old jansport bags . The skin of the bag is not as thick as the old ones . But over all its nice and will recommend to other people
 I bought this bookbag for my son for school . He loves the color and so far it 's holding up well .
 seems to be holding up really well - had it for about 3 months . The colors are great and it 's unique .
 This is a durable backpack not too small and not too large . It does appear to hold my 15 inch macbook pro laptop in it with a few books but it seems like the bottom fabric is under stress when I do so therefore I am using it just for the books which it does just fine .
 My 5th grader has the need to carry more books then ever , Jansport is simple , durable & gives us exactly what we need . TOTALLY RECOMMEND !
 I was looking for a backpack for a three week vacation to Cambodia , Vietnam , and Thailand.It may not be the right bag for travel but it was cheap , simple , durable , and met my needs.I did n't want a big backpacking type bag with many pockets that would be too heavy to carry when full or at risk of having things stolen . This one had adequate storage for my electronics to keep my iPhone4S alive in all sorts of places , some clothing for the unexpected temperature changes , toiletry bag , bug spray , and sunscreen.I also had the ability add a flexible Master Lock to secure all three zipper tabs.Overall it came back home like brand new .
 Got this for my son 's first year in High School & it 's exactly what he wanted . It 's the standard Jansport . Heavy duty & durable , no frills .
 Purchased for my daughter , and she likes it . Roomy enough to carry her books . Quality seems pretty good , I hope it will last .
 I 'm in high school and this backpack , although it looks small , works just fine for me . I carry 2 1.5 inch binders , and 3 textbooks comfortably . It 's easy to access the pouch in the front and is the perfect size to fit in a locker if needed .
 Good size for school , cute pattern and adjustable stripes . Love it ! Must be really cool for school . Fair prices as well : D
 I got the BlueStreak back pack . It fits all my necessary college text books and notebooks . What more do you need ? Its durable and it also comes with a LIFE TIME warranty . It just takes like 3min to fill out on their website . So 5 stars for me .
 As my daughter said , she has plenty rooms for her books and she 's very happy with the style , the color . It 's worth to buy . She said she loves it so much and would use it for long time . Thanks
 Purchased two of these for my high school age daughter . So far so good , it seems to be made well and the color is great .
 Thanks for the great service . The shipment was done very quickly and the bag arrived even sooner than expected!I was impressed . .
 I WAS SO IMPRESSED WITH THIS BACKPACK . I ORDERED IT FOR MY DAUGHTER FOR SCHOOL AND AND SHE WAS HOPING THAT IT LOOKED AS GOOD IN PERSON AS IT DOES IN THE PICTURE AND IT DOES . SHE LOVES IT . THE COLORS ARE SO VIBRANT . PAID $ 29.99 ON AMAZON . SAW IT OTHER PLACES FOR $ 69.99 .
 works as advertized . the only drawback is its lack of pockets . its got just the one pocket with an inner pocket . not a big deal to me but for some it might be a problem . its simplicity is a strength and also a weakness i guess .
 I love this backpack ! It is just like the one I used to have in elementary school and I LOVE it ! It is the perfect size for my college load and it is the most durable material ever !
 This is a nice looking , sturdy back pack for most elementary school children . The only drawback is , it 's a bit small.I bought it for my middle school son . He loved it , but could not fit all of his books and school supplies in it . My fourth-grader , who is notorious for tearing up back-packs , uses it every day . It 's a perfect fit for him . It is holding up quite well !
 This was a beautiful back pack , just as described and seems well made . Are kid 's school bags ever sturdy enough . Sadly , no . This is the 3rd we have been through this year . We can only hope it lasts the rest of the school year . Can somebody come out with a super strong and lasting bag ? Mine from back in the old days lasted 2 years or more . It 's a thought .
 I ordered this backpack for my high-schooler . She loves it ! At first she was worried that the straps would be uncomfortable or not hold up since they are thinner and lightly padded vs. the big , thick , heavy padded ones on her past backpacks , but three days into school and she says they 're good and she likes that they do n't add extra weight . She loves the daisy pattern and reports that she 's the `` only one '' to have it ! Which means it 's `` totally cool '' ! Product shipped in a timely manner and came in perfect quality . I would buy again from this dealer .
 The Superbreak backpack has been my daily companion for the past 2.5 years . It 's been through 5 full-time-college semesters , always handling extremely heavy bookloads -LRB- think lots of hardcover science , math and english texts -RRB- very well . It 's a great fit for someone of small-medium stature -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' thin-to-average female -RRB- . I 've just ordered another one , only because I like my current Superbreak so much that I do n't want it to begin to fade or tear -- that 's right , it has n't even begun to fade , or wear , or tear , after 5 semesters of heavy daily use ! This is a freakin ' awesome backpack .
 I 'm 17 . I 've been looking for a backpack b/c my handbag was really starting to hurt my shoulder . This backpack is great !!!!!!! I take it everywhere . It 's light and the straps are comfy . It 's always on the ground in school and never gets torn . There is alot of space too . I carry a typical 3 in . binder , two folders , 4 journals , 2 english books , a pencil case , 4 oz water bottles , and my handbag ! Its very cool . I recently took it on a trip when I was traveling and it fit all my clothes and other necessities . I 'm glad I got this backpack . It also arrived 2 days later . BOOST !!!
 I thought that this bag was very useful and had a very nice appearance . I think it is value for the money and I recommend it .
 I received my package within a short amount of days . Was very excited to get a new backpack . I love Jansport .
 I 've owned 3JanSport classic backpacksand have different usages for each one
 On time and perfect quality I am using the book bag at school as I type ! Filling in space to be able to submit this lol
 this is just what i was looking for . it is a backpack.no bells or whistles , just a backpack.no secret packets , no extra hooks , nets , holders , or containers . just a backpack . it is perfect !!!!!
 Only reason I gave this item 4 stars is I grew up when JanSport backpacks were made of THICK canvas material throughout and lasted for years in school for the same price as this one . Im not saying this product is not sturdy because it held a full sized laptop and charger , baby formula dispenser , ten diapers , portable baby wipe container , 10in tall baby snacks , 2 medium pouches of baby snacks , 3 burp rags , 1 medium sippy cup , two full 10 oz bottles , a change of clothes for 8 month old , large womens wallet , three prong manilla folder and a few more smaller items that were crammed into it and held up without rippng through airport security . But the material isnt the way they used to make them 10 years ago . It feels like canvas from the outside but has an almost smooth plastic interior . I was dissappointed when I revieved it because of the change in manufacturing . I was fully expecting it to rip half way through my flights but it held up and held everything that I had crammed into it .
 I like this backpack for the design AND durability . Very sturdy unlike the Nike & Adidas backpacks I 've had in the past . Keep in mind that this bag is very simple as far as compartments go , but that 's what I like about it . Lifetime warranty ai n't bad either .
 awesome color , as i saw on the photos !!! i got it super fast and was everything i expected , besides the prices was amazing!free shipping and fast shipping what else i can ask !! . super happy with my purchase ! = D
 This backpack is a classic ! I use it all the time when I travel . Its just big enough to hold anything I 'd need on a plane but not too big to get in the way or be too heavy once stuffed full . It has held up very well over 6 years and 10 countries . I 'm sure I 'll buy another one if this one ever gives up on me .
 This lives up to Jansports reputation . Excellent quality . Perfect size.Shipping was super fast . My son is still using it .
 We are over all very happy with this backpack . My six year old chose it off here herself . The only thing I do n't like is there is no water bottle pocket . Therefore almost daily she comes home with water spilt in her bag . On the bright side the fabric seems to be waterproof . My twelve year old cousin also chose this back pack and loves it . So I think it 's good for multiple ages . The fabric print is cool !
 This product is so worth the money . The back pack is so comfortable and durable . It can carry lots of notebooks and class books . If your in high school or college , this is a good back pack to purchase .
 Just as expected cool , contemporary back pack and just the right size . The material was a tad lighter than expected . Overall very happy . Thanx !
 My five year old son loves this backpack . Straps are nice and thick good shoulder support , also the organiser in the front pocket helps him sorts out his stationary .
 This is a fantastic compact book bag . It does n't have a ton of pockets or `` features '' but it is perfect for students with a small to medium amount of belongings to carry around . And you can not go wrong with a Jansport bag for under 30 bucks . Well made and highly recommended !
 Bought this for my 15 year old daughter and she loved the fact that it does n't have a ` bajillion ' pockets ! She also loved that nobody else in her school has the same one , and knows what a deal we got on this !
 Product came in perfect shape and was earlier than i expected , i was expecting it here next week or so , but it came just before starting school how great is that !!!!!!
 It 's just what I wanted !! Quality stitching , and perfect size for my two college books and supplies - if you need to carry more you might not want to get it ... its on the small side.I searched all the stores first before buying it on here-white is a hard color to find AND I ended up saving about 5 dollars . I cant say how durable it is because I just got it but it seems sturdy.good buy !
 I originally decided to purchase this brand Jansport for my 7 year old twins because last year we purchased the little cutesy hello kitty and G.I Joe character back packs . Although they were adorable the quality was horrible . I had a Jansport brand backpack throughout college 1998-2003 and I never had to replace it . In fact o still have it . My kids just started using the back pack when school started on August 17th . But I have no doubt that these back packs are made with the same quality as they were in the past . I will keep you all posted .
 Great bag for a elementary school kid . Has the necessary compartments to fit personal and school stuff . One star taken off for not having a water bottle holder .
 Purchased this backpack almost a year ago now . I knew what I was getting because my kids have used Jansport backpacks for years , and this was no exception . A year later , it 's going strong , no tears or breakage at all ... And kids have a way of throwing their backpacks around ;--RRB- Shipping was lightening fast and the price extremely competitive . My kids are always happy to use their Jansport backpacks for several years running . I would -LRB- and will someday -RRB- buy another just like it .
 Product was just as described and it arrived right when it was said to be delivered.This same backpack was double the price in the stores so it was a no brainer to buy it off of amizon even with shipping it was half the price then it was in the store.The backpack was not some no name brand either it is a Jansport which is well known name in packbacks.I am total satisfied to say the least .
 Ever since the 6th grade , I 've never owned any backpack but a Jansport . Before , I bought cheap Walmart backpacks that only lasted about a semester of school -LRB- and I do my best to take care of my things -RRB- . Now , I get one for each school year , but I still have the old ones for trips and travel . I have both the super break versions and two big student packs , and they both work great and have a sufficient amount of room . I will probably have these packs for many years to come , and I 'm quite content with that . I heart Jansport .
 really like this backpack its super strong its holds all my text books and my super heavy laptop . the backpacks are just a lil different from the ones that sell at tillys or any other store
 My daughter had been searching for the right backpack in our local stores and was unable to find one in-stock when she found one she liked . I decided to check Amazon and low and behold I was able to get her the one she originally wanted at a much better price .
 This is an awesome backpack !! I have had this backpack for about a year now and it still looks like new . I use this backpack almost everyday and it has held up well . I use this backpack to keep my planner in and as a school backpack . It 's just the right size . I think for the price , you cant get a better backpack !! I would so recommend this backpack to anyone looking for a new backpack !!
 Great Backpack ! It fits everything that i need for school ! Must buy for anybody attending school . Incredibly cheap price , compared to instore prices .
 Arrived quickly and as described . Love the JanSport backpacks . Simple and roomy for all the necessary school needs . The brand my kids will only choose .
 When our church started taking collections for school supplies and backpacks , I knew I would order nothing but a Jansport . It 's a good size , carries a decent amount of supplies -LRB- I stuffed it full of supplies , including 3 binders ! -RRB- , and the quality is great . In my opinion , you ca n't go wrong ordering a Jansport . I 'm hoping the child who receives this bookbag is pleased , and that it lasts them a good few years . : -RRB- As far as shipping and cost , this bookbag is a steal and was shipped promptly . Very happy with my purchase . : -RRB-
 I bought this bag for my son for school . It is everything we expected and more . It was the right price and size . Jansport bags are also very durable . Thanks again for quality products
 great bag , shipped in time . good to bring for college or university classes and used in casual . i like the color too .
 My son wanted a bookbag that starts out light , as he is in middle school with NO LOCKERS ! He puts so much in his bag , it gets really heavy . He wanted this bag specifically - -LRB- he saw other kids with it last school year . -RRB- It has few pockets making it simple , it 's light but it 's sturdy so it will last .
 My two eldest daughters and I all three each have one of these packs . I am a college student , they are middle school and elementary school age . These packs stand the test of time and durability and you can not beat the price via Amazon.com . And they are so cute too ! I 'd recommend these to anyone and everyone I know that needs a bookbag , or even a bag for every day events and activities . Great product !!!
 I was expecting the bag to be larger than it was . It is smaller than ordinary backpacks , but since I will be in college this fall and not carrying as many books , it is not an issue . I like the color , the quality , and the speed of shipping.The only complaint I have is that it does not have a drink carrier on the side.Thank you Amazon for your cheap prices ! : -RRB-
 I bought this back pack because its durable fashionable and i love it . It was shipped very fast and defenely recommend to buy it .
 My son wanted a Jansport for the new school year . We ordered it here on Amazon and we got it much quicker then estimated . He was really excited and the product was new and in perfect condition . Thank you .
 i like the color and its style . It looks great with its appearance with $ 25 price . It 's suitable for students .
 I love this backpack ! As for the reviews of being small , I 've carried two books , a notebook , iPad and leapfrog explorer for my daughter . Will definitely hold up ! Buy it !
 Its a simple Jansport bag . In the front pocket it has three slots for writing utensils and space for other small items such as lotion , hand sanitizers , calculator , etc. . The main portion of the bag is just one compartment . It can carry two of my 2.5 &#34; thick textbooks and my laptop comfortably . . . Good buy .
 Great backpack . Durable and has plenty of room for materials . I use it to bring books lunch and activities to my job and have used it for travel as well . . Love the color options .
 I had a Jansport that was passed down to me and used throughout highschool and college . I finaly got this new one and it has a unlimited warranty on it . I know these backpacks are dependable . I would recommend it . Nice price too .
 looks great and packaging was good too . good price for product and really enjoy having it . its perfect thanks again
 This is a great book bag . It is smaller than I thought it would be . The color is so pretty though .
 its just a normal backpack , with an exceptionally awesome selection of patterns . everyone should have one , but not in my pattern because i 'm trying to be pimpin with it . perfect for social sports ; -RRB-
 Item shipped fast and arrived in perfect conditions , it has been suitable to my needs and I have nothing negative in response .
 I brought it for me son and he loves it ! It is washable and very , very sturdy . He puts a lot in it , too .
 this bag is very useful and it has a lot of space which is a good thing and i love using it !
 I love the size , the color , and the simplicity of it . It 's small , which is what I wanted for myself .
 Very cute and good price too ! I do n't know why this design is so cheap while some other solid colors are like $ 50 !
 Backpack was a gift to my grandson . He liked it very much and is very please with it . I would recommend the product to those who need a backpack for school .
 The color of this backpack is so bright and pops awesomely!I bought this backpack because my old one was falling apart and everyone where I live has some kind of Jansport , but NO ONE has this one!The backpack looks pretty tiny but it definitely is not ! I was pleasantly surprised at how much room this backpack had . I originally was debating between the Big Student and Superbreak and I am so glad I purchased this one because its perfect for travel and school.Currently I have 2 hard 1 &#34; binders , 1 3 &#34; binder , 2 3 subject notebooks , and 2 600 + page books in my backpack and there 's still a little more room.HIGHLY recommended !
 Bought this for my grandaughter who wanted it to do her own design on with markers ... it looks GREAT ! Bright white worked out great .
 Pretty much the average JanSport ! I still recommend getting a DAKINE , just because it lasts longer , but this is pretty good too .
 JanSport bags are always great
 I got this bookbag for a friend during Secret Santa . She loved it and it came fairly quickly in the mail !
 It has a lot of space for my child to hold all of the items she needs for school and it 's easy to carry and the padding is great support for your back .
 This backpack is awesome . Its simple and perfect . I had one all through High School and go this one for college an it will probably last a long time ...
 I was on a search for a simple backpack that would fit all of my books and binders for an affordable price . Jansport was my answer . This bag is perfect for my needs . The large component is perfect for my binders and textbooks , I can even fit books and drinks in it too . I did n't want a backpack with a lot of designs all over or bright colors as I wanted it to be semi-professional looking . I highly recommend this backpack , especially for those looking for an affordable , simple bag .
 I got this backpack for my granddaughter for Christmas . She is a backpack collector , but this quickly became her favorite . This is sturdy and put together well . We expect to get a lot of use from it . Very attractive too . We are extremely pleased with this purchase .
 Love , love , love this backpack . Perfect color , really like the size and look of it . Totally old school and functional . Shipping was fast and I 'm really glad I went with this choice .
 this is a must have backpack its really great to have ... its a heavy duty backpack that can last you through out your school year ... i love my new jansport backpack thank you
 It 's been known Jansport backpacks are of A1 quality . I just luv this newbud green color in particular .
 My bag has remained fresh since its still wrapped in plastic , but everyone should know what to expect from Jansport bags
 We bought this for our 16 year old grandaughter for school . Besides being the popular backpack to have this year , the quality and durability are good . It has held up well to the rigors of high school day ins and outs . Jansport has always made quality products . I have owned them over the years myself .
 The quality seems to be nice as does the design . I got this at 70 % off and feel like I got a great deal . I do n't know if I think it is worth the list price but if you can snag this for half off you are getting a good deal . One thing I did notice about this backpack is that it is rather small . If you are a larger person -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 1 , 195 lbs -RRB- then this is going to look silly on your back with both straps on . I carry it on just one shoulder so it 's not a big deal to me but just something to think about . It seems to be made for the 12-16 age group more so than adults . But still works for my needs .
 Arrived quickly , great value for a bag that would cost over $ 35 at a store , exactly what I ordered and saw was what I recieved in great condition .
 This is a great standard backpack , simple and sturdy . My kids do n't need iPod ports and tons of little pockets ; generally those go unused . Maybe when they 're all older ... I do like the huge variety of colors and fabrics . My daughter loves the pattern and how it is unique . I wish Jansport was cheaper , but then again when I do buy cheaper backpacks , the zippers break and the seams unravel . Recommended for all !
 The backpack i received was better than i expected it to be but it took over a week for it to get here when i was told that i t would take only two days.i was extremely dissatisfied with the time it took for this to be delivered .
 This backpack is ideal for my 15 year old son . It 's strong enough for him to throw around with books in it . We love it .
 I gave this Backpack as a gift to my daughter to use a a diaper bag for her new born son . It 's perfect .
 Ok ... the last time I owned a jansport backpack was about a decade ago ... so I ca n't really remember and compare the quality back then and now but I 'll tell you that for around $ 15 that amazon had the shocker pink in ... it was a steal . So to me I ca n't really tell the difference.Will make a nice gift for the `` tweenies '' god daughter or niece still in school who like it simple.This is the same model that my wife used to carry and she loved that it came in this kind of pink -LRB- shocker pink bag/dark charcoal strap and back -RRB- ... she said that if there were n't any `` unwritten rules '' to professional attire , this would 've been a practical bag to use . Fits everything she needs , not small as in , it wo n't stuff till it bursts from the zippers and is n't too big like a black hole waiting to engulf a whole set of encyclopedias.For amazon 's low pricing -LRB- $ 15 + for my order -RRB- on some of the colors , 5 stars ... but for the other color 's around 29.99 , it 's just so and so ... probably 3 stars .
 This is a super cute backpack . Not exactly for heavy school books but quite enough for in-between period loads . A great buy for the price .
 It looks smaller than what it says , but quite able to pack your huge college text books in it . Simple and clean design and light weight can save your strength to carry all the stuff you need around the campus.I only wish it had thicker zip teeth like a sport backpack , then I would have given it 5 stars .
 It seems to be made very well and has alot of room for books and/or a laptop .
 My Grand-daughter loved her new book bag for school and was verypleased with the bright colors also .
 I really like the quality of JanSport . I remember in college that this was the backpack to own ! Now that my 5 year-old will be enjoying it , our school year will be off to a great start . I also liked the many color and pattern choices available . I do n't think there will be a problem for her mistaking her backpack for a classmates ' . Other than Amazon , I have not seen this pattern available in any retail store . Yea !! The only thing I wish it had was an outside net pocket for a water bottle . I 'm told that she will need to bring one to school each day . I like the padding on the part of the backpack that rests against the child 's back . My daughter even commented on how soft it felt . We are very happy with our first `` ready for school '' purchase !
 My daughter loves the color . It looks a little different than on the computer , but the real color is even better . It 's up to the Jansport quality and is used to carry school backs every day .
 My old Timberland backpack was too big and ugly . But it did n't strain my shoulders . I needed a new backpack and I was gon na pick an Everest but I saw everyone in school wearing this . I decided to get this and it 's really good . The front pocket is good for storing my iPod and pencils and stuff , and the big pocket was for my books and work . It 's easier than my other backpack because that one was a hassle trying to find my pencils . Overall , I have no complaints and it looks stylish and fits . I would recommend this to a collage student . Just do n't carry a load with it .
 I purchased a cheap knock off version of the black Jansport backpack a few years ago in Chinatown . After having that one for years and putting it through hell it finally ripped and fell apart , almost instantly . So I decided to splurge and buy the real deal . Boy is it amazing the material quality is amazing , it is very roomy , and has all the bells and whistles . Definitely a great buy .
 We got tired of replacing backpacks for school every 6 months or so and bought one of these . I had an older style that I used for 6 years with minimal wear . Lasts so much longer than the spiderman or hello kitty bags it is worth the extra money .
 Been using one of these for about 6 months to travel , take to gym , and take to work . No problems with it and it still looks brand spanking new . Very simple , clean , and surprisingly durable . If this one ever wears out I plan on purchasing a couple more .
 This was a great purchase ! It was as if I had bought it at the store brand new , but for half the price ! I recommend it to anyone who wants a new backpack , but does n't want to pay a lot for it .
 This product is a great product . Also shipping was very fast ordered Tues got it Thurs
 This is a classic backpack that has been around forever . Works great for basic `` campus '' uses . I have had a few of them and the only problems I 've ever encountered involve the stitching by the zipper coming apart . Could just be me , the heavy load I carry , or something else , but it 's something to be aware of if you 're looking to have a really heavy load in there or use your backpack in beyond the average way . If so , JanSport is a great brand and has some other models which are meant for heavier and harder use . For most people though , this model will work great . Even with the problems I 've had , I keep going back to it .
 This is exactly what I am looking for . Thanks to the seller , I receive it in only a few days . The backpack is light , fit to my back , not bulky but can hold my mac . The nice thing is that I can choose my favorite color out of many choices , which is impossible in local grocery .
 I bought this as a present for my sister who is in high school . I think its neat how the Jansport is now branching out and doing more designs . The peacock feathers are good graphics and the colors go with a lot of looks .
 I have a broken leg and am on crutches so I needed a light weight backpack to carry all my stuff and have my hands free . This has been perfect . It is very light but big enough to hold a sweater , etc as well as the former contents of my purse .
 Super cool book bag . Purchased as a last minute birthday present for my son . It arrived the morning of his birthday so I was able to have it for him when he returned from school . Excellent shipping time.Roomy enough for my high-schooler . Thrilled , as always , with the quality of a JanSport .
 This backpack is cute and functional , I cant wait to use it this summer . The design is awsome and the color really pretty . The seller had it for a great price and shipped it to me quickly . Thanks .
 Used for a highschooler , great simple design without a ton of pockets/bulk , son loves it !
 The retail price for this backpack at your local Sports Authority runs for about $ 40 not including tax . I received the package today and I am impressed with the quality and price . Great buy if you want to save a couple of bucks . Would buy from seller again !
 My daughter loves this backpack , because it is not heavy , and more spacious inside of bag . And she told me it was easy to put in or out from her locker at school . She wants to buy one more ...
 If you are a student this backpack is for you . I keep my small things in the small front pocket and put my books in the main pack . It 's convenient if you do n't have lots of things to carry . I 've had this for over 2 years now and I 'm still using it , the color faded a little but other than that , the quality is great . Would buy another Jansport backpack in the future as soon as the one I have right now wears out !
 Well first , to no fault of amazon or UPS , I couldnt get my bag almost 1 week later though I requested two day shipping ! - Due to disastrous conditions in GA. . So I was a bit upset , but this bag is well worth the wait . Its cute , and actually fits WAAAY more books than I thought , plus a binder !! It has tons of space , the design on the inside is as awesome as the outside . Its not just a boring bag . Adds character
 Admittedly , I have n't had the chance to use my new Jansport backpack very much , since I just received it this month . However , if I wait a year to write a review then it will never happen . Lesser of two evils is writing one now . It 's still very valid , IMO.Mine own Jansport yellow has only taken a few short trips to visit my girlfriend in NYC , but it 's held up well -LRB- as expected -RRB- . I write `` as expected '' because I 'm familiar with Jansport quality . My brother has been a Jansport owner/user for the past 20something years , first purchasing his forest green version in high-school . His pack has served him well over the years , and held up remarkably . He 's used it to carry books -LRB- high school and college -RRB- as well as assorted clothing , which is to be expected . However , my bro was also in a local band for many years , performing often in different locations around the city . It was during this time that his Jansport earned it 's respect . He used it to carry musical equipment such as pedals and cords , which are n't light . Some equip has sharp edges , none of which penetrated/damaged his pack . The bag held up through all of this use , without even a small hole or tear.I 've borrowed his pack over the years for various reasons and uses , and until recently we 'd never discussed it 's quality . When I finally asked `` How long have you had this ? '' , I was floored . And I wanted one sooooo bad.I just purchased a backpack that I may use for the rest of my life . -LRB- Seriously , go to the jansport website and read the guarantee . -RRB- For under $ 25 !!! If my review seems glowing , that 's because it is . If my opinion on Jansport changes over the next few months/years , then I will update my review accordingly . Trust me on this.If Jansport ends up disappointing me YOU WILL KNOW ABOUT IT !
 The review title says it all . The bag is n't very bulky so it does n't get hot on your back . It 's simple in design and works great . The only con I would have to list is that for those who like pockets , this are n't very many .
 when i was in high school i had one of these bookbags and i loved it . they are really durable and will last forever . i was buying bookbags from old navy for my daughter and she was always complaining that it did n't fit all her stuff and she 's in the 4th grade . so i finally decided to put a little money into buy a jansport because it 's actually an investment . she loves it and i know i wo n't have to buy her another one for a long time .
 I have been using my Jansport -LRB- different color , same style -RRB- for over 11 years since my freshman year of college in 1999 . It is dirtier than it used to be and the mesh extra pocket has a minor snag on it but I use it everyday as a teacher , for traveling , to throw my laptop in , etc. and the zippers are all still great , there are no tears in the bag , and the bright orange color still makes me smile.I remember just how many backpacks I went through as a kid and can truly say had I had a Jansport I would probably still be using it two decades later rather than just one .
 I saw this color on a jansport in the store , but it was n't the style I wanted . Found it here online and they delivered it within 2 business days ! Very happy with my purchase !
 JanSport on the whole is a strong and certified bad !! The only problem is deciding on a design ... I bought two JanSport 's for myself , a pink from the classic series , which is still in mint condition and a shoulder side-strap bag -LRB- pink of course -RRB- which doubled up as my trendy laptop bag and book bag.I got this one for my boyfriend after and when he first put it on there was a confidence in him and everybody commented on the style of the bag . It was an unusual type in our campus , so it definitely caught their attention.A simple black and white but with such a statement . Love It ...
 I bought this for my great grandaughter . She found it on the computer when staying a few days with me . She always finds something when visiting . She loves it and when I saw it -- Wow it was more than I expected . Very nice . I will give this backpack five stars as it is so well constructed and very true to color . Girls , you will love this if you like this Zebra print . Lot of room too . This is the second backpack ordered from this we site . Five stars to them .
 Product
 I 've used this backpack for school from 7th grade to 12th grade . It 's also gone with me to summer camp several times , been on hikes across mountains , traveled to Germany and Italy , etc. . It is a wonderful backpack . I 'm sad that I 'll have to retire it for a bigger backpack when I go off to college this fall , but I will still use it often whenever I need a smaller bag . The only part of the back that has been damaged is some of the stitching has worn off on the very bottom of the bag . I 'm very impressed that the shoulder straps and zippers are still in perfect condition . I love this backpack !
 i bought this pack as a more ergonomical pack/purse for a girlfriend with back problems , and she love 's it !!!! a great product !!!!
 I 'm just finishing up my Freshman year of high school , and I used the Jansport Superbreak backpack in Electric Purple for part of the year.I really like this backpack . It 's lightweight , so I do n't mind carrying it around when I have to . It also could fit a bunch of stuff , but being in high school , no one actually wants to do that.So if you 're in/going into high school , I recommend this bag .
 JanSport is a great brand . The quality of their backpacks is great and the size is perfect . I would recommend it to everyone .
 To say the least , this backpack is everything that I 've needed . For years I 've been using designer bags for my schoolbooks but finally decided to switch to an actual backpack . I will never be going back -- especially considering the price ! I 've had bags that break after a semester or even a month because they 're not made to hold the weight that I require for school , they 're made for style . I am absolutely 100 % sure that I will have this backpack for years to come , which so far shows no indication of wear or tear after about a year of use . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a classic , simple and powerful backpack.By the way , I purchased this bag in navy and it matches with everything , but CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT LIST ??! Kudos to JanSport and Amazon for all of the possibilities .
 jansport backpack , this is the second time I am buying jansport backpack , it is so light , and you can fit lots of stuff in it . I love it : -RRB-
 Overall it 's pretty good . It 's a simple backpack with a main compartment and then a small one . I recommend it : D
 I regret not getting one of these for high school , I still would have trashed it eventually , but it would have lasted til I graduated . I 've been using it for college for years and it still looks like new . It 's in such good shape I could probably sell it once I get through my education . I love that water beads off the material , too . I never have to worry about my homework getting wet in the rain .
 It was just as we expected - love the color and JasSport Quality . Came well eithin the time we expected . My daughter loves it and needed a strufy backpack this year -LRB- high school -RRB- .
 I have been using a bulky one and it was unmanageable ... this is perfect size and weight . It looks good also .
 You ca n't go wrong with a well made Jansport backpack for kids . Those cheap backpacks with cartoon characters on them that you get for cheap are exactly that ... cheap . Jansport is classic .
 This backpack is very durable and has a cute design . I 've been using it for over a year and it has n't become worn or been damaged in any way . Recommended .
 I 've only ever owned Jansport backpacks , they 're fantastic , very sturdy and hold more than it looks like they would . The colors are bright and are noticeable .
 Great Backpack ! Love the color ! The only thing , is that it gets dirty easily . I got a pen mark on the pocket , and I 'm not sure how to remove it : -LRB-
 Great item . My daughter will love decorating it . It 's great quality , and I 'm glad Jansport is that go-to back pack brand that has been around for what seems like forever ! They always hold up really well .
 jansport is a product you really ca n't go wrong with . It has a lifetime warrenty on it . if the zipper breaks just contact the company and they fix it.kids love them - my son did not need it but every few years it is nice to get a new one vs. use the old one . i donate the old ones
 I would totally recommend this book bag its super reliable !! i 've been getting one since I was in middle school .
 This backpack , although it took a long time to ship , is great . The materials are very sturdy and the zippers are great . It is an overall greak backpack .
 Not a whole lot to say . Classic JanSport backpack in black . Solid construction . Excellent room with organizer in the front pouch . Worth the purchase .
 My son picked this backpack to carry his school stuff . It 's the perfect size for him and he 's very happy with his new backpack . From my perspective the backpack is well built -LRB- expected -RRB- , zippers are good quality and straps are comfortable enough to carry the weight it holds . It lacks an outside pocket to carry a water bottle .
 I really like this bag , but its a little smaller than I expected . It also gets rather uncomfortable to carry if I try to stick my laptop in it .
 I bought Jansport because my daughter has one and it is high quality and has lasted for 4 school years already . So I got this one for my other daughter who seems to go through one a year - I told her Jansport this year . Well we ordered this and it is too small for middle or high school . It 's more for elementary kids size wise . It 's too much trouble to return so I will hang on to it in hopes of being able to use it somehow .
 We have been buying Walmart $ 10 backpacks because my kids want a new fresh one every year to be cool and in style . But my tween thought the Walmart packs were not cool this year , so we went on Amazon and she picked this one . It cost about $ 30 with shipping , but it 's easy to see this backpack will haul all of her heavy Jr. . High books and last a long time . It 's thicker , better sewn and way sturdier . I 'm thinking it 's about ten times the backpack , but not 10 times the price . Now that is cool even to a mom !
 This backpack has room to carry lots of books and binders for an 8th grader . We especially like the padded back and straps . We shopped a long time to look at the myriad colors and designs . What we received matches what was shown in the picture . The colors and designs are very pretty . When we shop locally , someone else at the school usually shows up with the same backpack . Going through Amazon , with the many different choices , means we have a unique backpack this year ! -LRB- I do n't have to hear , `` Mom , a sixth grader has the same one as mine ! '' You may scoff , but these things are important . -RRB- We saved a few dollars , too , which is very cool because we never before wanted to spend the money on the JanSport name brand . Doing it this way made it feel affordable . Now that we have the brand , we can see the difference in the quality . With free shipping it was delivered before the promise date -LRB- hurrah for Amazon Prime -RRB- . There 's something fun about receiving and opening a box -- a nice little reward for my straight A student .
 This is a fabulous backpack for schoolbooks . The front pocket holds alot of supplies too ! I would buy this style again !
 Even better color than the display ~ I believe it would be a perfect bag for girls . Multiple usages.Love it !
 My daughter found this backpack on ebay - price was n't bad , but I searched other online retailers and Amazon 's price saved me about $ 6 ! The color is intense , the backpack 's design is not revolutionary , but it a time-tested design which is durable and functional . It can withstand the weight of the textbooks she has to carry . It is generally true , and I find it to be the case here - you get what you pay for . Highly recommended backpack !
 This pack is perfect . It 's light by itself , so really the only weight you feel is what you 're carrying . I use this bag for my laptop , camera and a change of clothes . It 's comfortable , sturdy and I 've heard great things about Jansport packs . :-RRB- Its a smart buy for the quality and guarantee .
 Bought this backpack for my daughter and she loves it , it looks exactly like the pic and fits the description perfectly .
 Really nice backpack in LOTS of designs . I currently have this backpack in navy and since I love it . . I want to get one in a more prettier design . What do you guys recommend ? Please comment .
 i loved this backpack , the color , the accessibility , everything . Although I wish that there was a pocket on the side for a water bottle or something .
 this packpack really does live up to its name . it seems like it will last a very long time . its got a lot of room for things inside despite the fact that it doesnt look that big as well , so if you want to be able to carry a lot without feeling like you have a mountain sitting on your back you might like this . the seller i got it from was CJTECH and they shiped very fast and the backpack arrived in prestine condition . it is perfect for people anywhere from 6th grade up to 12th grade -LRB- I am in 10th -RRB-
 Super cute . Loved it . But not black in color more of a dark grey . Still like it and durable and washable like all jansport backpacks
 Finally something we agreed on ! I really like how roomy this backpack is and it has a large pocket in front for her to keep all the markers/hi-lighters/pencils / index cards etc. required !! She loved the black & white pattern and the shoulder strapps are well cushioned ! I do n't know how they carry all those books !
 it looks great , arrived fast and is a nice back pack for my college . I had one of those when I was in high school but I lost it , jansport backpack 's are the best !!!!
 The product was what I ordered and expected . It was of good quality not inferior . I was very satified as it was also delivered in a timely manner . The price was indeed affordable and I would recommend it to others .
 this is the best thing ever . full of swagalicious products like three zippers . sexy beast bookbag will get you all them girls . so get this bookbag and feel like a god . keep the jeep ridin '
 This product is sturdy , the color is what we expected . My high school student is very happy with it.The backpack has plenty of room for eveything he needs to carry . The straps are adjustable for a comfortable fit .
 I ordered this a few weeks ago for college and its great ! It was shipped quickly and it was the cheapest out of all the places I looked at it . I use it everyday and have had zero problems with it !
 I use it for school every day . only wish it had a couple more pockets and side nets . other than that , very durable backpack .
 I like the fact the you can put stuff in it , and you could also wear it on your back . I prefer the one-strap because it makes you look a lot cooler .
 Nice backpack but not very comfortable . Straps need more padding . Only one at school with this one ' ! I would purchase another next year .
 Great backpack . My daughter ordered the hit pink and got lime green monogram . Big hit , well made , great price ! Love it .
 We have purchased many different brands of backpacks for our daughter and nothing handled up to her level of abuse other than the JanSport brand . It did n't matter what model of the Jansport bag we had bought . All of them handled up to the task and I will always purchase a JanSport backpack for ourselves as well as our daughter . That 's quality I can trust .
 My oldest started middle school this year and she wanted a black jansport backpack . I looked around and found out quickly just how expensive they were . When I looked on Amazon I was excited that the price was right in my budget !! She was so happy when it came .
 Okay so this came two days before expected -LRB- I ordered the Forge Grey -RRB- and I am very pleased with the shipping , the cost & the color ! I got this with free super saving shipping . The quality feels different , but overall I am very pleased.-Besides , in the stores this is 34.99 , but I only got it for $ 26 ! : D
 I am the mother of 5 kids - I have purchased this backpack , in different colors , for each of my children before they have started kindergarten . I have taken them to a local embroidery shop and had their first names written on the outer pocket - so that they do n't get lost in the shuffle of 500 kids , some with the same bags . My oldest has been using the same bag for 5 years , and it is still perfect . Each year , the week before school starts , I throw them all in the washer , on cold and gentle , with mild detergent , then I hang them to dry - and they look like new ! I am so glad that I have n't wasted money on crappy kids ' backpacks that fall apart and look horrible in 6 months . I have an adult friend who got one of these in kindergarten , and used it for ALL 13 years he was in school , then went on to use it through 4 years of college , and is STILL using the SAME bag now , and he is 30 . These things are workhorses , worth their weight in gold .
 Not much to say , really . It is light , reasonably durable , and very comfortable to carry . I would definitely buy it again .
 My favorite backpack ! Great color , decent price ... I 've had it for a few months and it definitely has been awesome ! Got ta love Jansport !
 My daughter uses this bag in high school and loves it . Great quality and very roomy inside . I washed it in the machine and hung it up to dry . It looks brand new !
 clean cut , stylish , boy/girl , very durable , most likely for school , price could be lower though , in 2007-08 I bought this item for about $ 35.00 + , too expensive for this type of product I say , but a good choice
 I prefer just the plane and simple jansport backpack . . holds quite a bit and lasts forever -LRB- well . . not if u constantly drag it on the ground -RRB- but u can throw it around and it still looks nice ... well . . anyways . . great backpack . .
 I just needed a cheap good quality backpack . It 's not too big and not too small , just the right size for my needs ! , I recommend this product to everybody.Necesitaba una mochila barata y de buena calidad.No es muy grande ni muy peque & ntilde ; a , tiene el tama & ntilde ; o correcto para mis necesidades.Recomiendo este producto a todos .
 Blue Backpack - Haiku of Praise : Like clouds of canvasBag that floats upon my backHolds all of my stuff
 I looked around for a backpack for quite a while and this was the cheapest one I could find . Despite it being the cheapest , Jansport will always be my favorite brand . The quality is excellent and it 's perfect for traveling or carrying books around .
 Nice quality bag . Good size for a teenage girl . Roomy enough to carry a few textbooks and the other essentials .
 ESta es la segunda mochila de estas que compro para mis hijos , son resistentes durables y comodas de llevar a mis hijos les encanta .
 I bought a Jansport bookbag for my 6 year old daughter . While the size was perfect for her , the material is a lot thinner than the canvas Jansport bookbag I have from 10 years ago that I used . But is does have a lifetime warrantee so we will see how it holds up .
 Good fashionable backpack at an affordable price.not much to it just a simple straight forward backpack , perfect for high school students and people who do not carry much and just want something that is pretty straight forward .
 Its Excelent it arrived earlyer then expected and the back pack is roomy if your a college student and need alot of room this bag is the one for you !!!!
 I got it in rosebuff pink ~ I really like the size and all . . Always satisfied with JanSport backpacks : D
 I used to own one of those `` I 'm - a-mountain-hiker '' bookbag and for quite a while , the bookbag actually weighted more than the notebooks that I carried inside . So I finally decided to invest in one of these . Let 's just say , I will never go back !! It 's simple in design , yet it 's everything you want in a bookbag . It 's spacious , EXTREMELY light , and it does n't have a tons of pockets for you to lose your pencils in ! I was actually impressed at the amount of stuffs that this thing carries . However , the straps are a bit uncomfortable ... I supposed I have to `` break '' them in ...
 When I first saw this bag it was love at first sight . I wanted to have a unique design for a jansport backpack and this is it ! Barely anyone has this design . I 've only passed by 2 people in 3 years that had this exact design . I always get complements on it . I love it . I 've used it for 3 years straight , and it has served me well . The wear and tear produced a hole in the bottom where the material meets the black backing . But that 's expected after such a long time . I 'm tempted to buy a new one just to keep this around . It 's too cool . Buy it if you 're looking for something edgy and unique ! :D There 's more than enough room for books and looks cool wearing it !
 this backpack is great as a basic backpack ... we got it for my 11yo who fell for the colors and print and we have had Jansport backpacks before and they do hold up for lugging school books and supplies - so we are happy with this one . there are cheaper versions available but we reached a compromise with this one because it 's fun * what she wanted - well made * what I wanted : - -RRB-
 This is the same backpack you would buy at the mall or anywhere you go to buy a JanSport backpack .
 I bought this backpack for my niece . We saw it at Penney 's , but it was much cheaper here . It is quite cute and very durable .
 I love the JanSport backpack ^ - ^ I probably have a diffrent design than anybody else in my school.It was definitely worth the money I payed for it .
 We purchased this backpack for our daughter going into kindergarten and are very pleased with it . The color and size are perfect for her . It is very roomy and holds everything she needs for school with plenty of room to spare . We purchased the larger Jansport Big Student Backpack for our fifth grader because he has so much more to carry . The zippers on the Jansport backpacks work really well and do n't get hung up like some of the cheaper backpacks we have had in the past . Hopefully this backpack will last for several years until she has to start carrying larger books and binders to and from school .
 this was on my daughters MUST HAVE list for back to school . she adorned it with PUFFY PAINT . shipped easily and school starts in a week .
 Exactly what i needed for school :-RRB- Very nice look , and the zippers are really durable . I 'm sure i wont have any problems with this backpack when the new semester of college starts .
 I bought this Book bag for my eleven year old son who wanted an all black bag . I was pleased in the look and the durability of this bag . My son seems to be happy with it so I am happy . Also I ordered it and four days later I had it . So shipping was very fast . I am very pleased with this Seller .
 This is a typical Jansport backpack , the basic kind , the navy color goes well with the logo . My daughter loves it and takes it everywhere -LRB- trips , sleepovers -RRB- .
 I like Jansports backpack because it is made very strong and light weight . Also Jansports has excellent lifetime warranty .
 The Backpack arrived promptly and is exactly as advertised . Pretty pattern on it and nice and roomy . We will get lots of years of service from this backpack .
 Love jansport , always wanted a white bag and now i have it . I have no idea how i 'm going to keep it clean but the white look so crisp i 'll try my hardest . I heard scotchgaurd should help and if it 's like my other jansport bag its and easy as tossing it into the washing machine and hang drying it . LOVE THE BAG !
 I was weary of getting this bag after reading that the bags were of thinner quality , but I went ahead and purchased it . Although the bags being thinner was true , it has n't been a problem yet and I 've had the bag for over six months . The bag is still very durable , despite me having thrown my bag around on the floor . I 've been using JanSport since I was in elementary school , and it still serves my needs as a college student . Thus , I definitely still recommend it !
 purchased this bag for my daughter since she already had a janSport and she loves it .
 THe colour is great . It has a desgin in the interior pocket that is extremely cute !
 All my backpacks I 've had since 2nd grade have been a Jansport backpack . I 've never had any problems with any of my backpacks . When you first get the backpack the straps are a little stiff but they quickly form to your body . The backpacks are cute and durable . With all of the different kinds of backpacks it 's great .
 The shipping was on time & the quality of JanSport never seems to fail me ! I 'm finally ready for school .
 I bought this backpack for my daughter for kindergarten . I was concerned it might be too big for her because she is petite and only five . However , the adjustable straps make it fit her perfectly . I really like that the bag itself is very lightweight but can hold lots of stuff . She should be able to use it for many many years to come .
 Love the bag!It is everything I hoped for and as advertised . Received it promptly too !
 I owned one of these for over 10 years . It went through college with me and was big enough for all of my books , etc. . Post college , my son used it for school and during it all , it went traveling with us several times a year . I probably would still have it and use it for travel except that on one of those trips , I parked my car across from the Air & Space Museum in D.C. and someone broke in . All they took was my pack and a knit cap ... so even the homeless -LRB- ? -RRB- know a good pack when they see it . They left all kinds of electronic games they could have sold for some dough !
 In these days and times backpacks , bookbags , etc have become so outlandish . This is a classically styled all american backpack . No bells , no whistles , just a good ole standbye bag ! Hard to find now-a-days .
 I love this bag because it is light and roomy . However after laying it on the concrete a few times , it has 2 small holes at the bottom because the bag is so thin . I got my money 's worth , but will look for something with a leather bottom if you lay your bag on the ground at all .
 This backpack is very large inside . It is the third year I am using this brand and style . Being a girl I have to have a new color every year . This one is green . I like the color , it 's very vibrant . Last years ' was pink and though it was durable , it got dirty too easy and had to be washed quite often . Yes , I wash it in the washer on gentle cycle and hang to dry . It can hold all of my school books , but I 'm thankful that I do n't have to bring them all at once . Front zipper pocket is very large and holds my pen pouch , a small purse , and cd player . All around great backpack and it 's washable , what more could you ask for ?
 I think this backpack was so amazing to me because I used it from 2nd grade to 7th grade and I still have it now . I happen to love rainbow , so I chose the color of `` Peace Out . '' You Can Fit almost anything in there and the backpack can fit into almost anywhere . I definetly recommend it to anyone , any age is perfect . I want to keep this backpack for a long time . But best of all , if you want to keep it forever , the colors never fade out . So you will still notice the colors even ten years after you purchased it . I think I will definetly buying more things from Amazon . At least I 'll be sure it will last a very long time.Horray for Amazon !!!!!
 This bookbag is amazing . i love the whole look of it , and the style , and the fact that it can hold a lot of my books and papers and what not . It 's great . . thanks amazon for the speedy delivery too .
 It 's got ta be good if 4 months of school passed and there are no rips , tears or broken zippers ... especially if it belongs to one of my kids !
 I purchased this backpack for my 6th grade daughter . Many of the girls in her class are also toting this pack in the various designs available . As a parent it 's great to have purchased something at a resonable price that is highly in fashion and is of excellent quality . This is the first year she has not requested a new backpack within the first month of school .
 After trying many different daypacks , this one is definitely the best one if weight is a problem . Many backpacks have so much padding that the bag is already somewhat heavy before you even put your books and other things in them . I 've given away countless bags due to the weight issue , until I found this basic JanSport . Another added bonus
 I purchased this pack to take to a MLB Baseball game . The dimensions complied with what was allowed to be taken into the ball park . Simple pack with real nice construction . Great price for the quality !
 Great backpack , nice and sturdy but not too big for my 10 year old daughter . It has plenty of room for what she needs and seems like it will last !
 Great buy , my son loves this backpack . Jansport is always the best bags to buy , specially because of their warranty .
 I needed a backpack to hold up under a 3rd grade boy . Zippers , straps and handles are the trouble zones . This backpack is very well made . Everything fits , there are not 20 pockets to lose things in and it looks great . JanSport will be it for us from now on .
 Just what my daughter wanted for back to school . Not too bulky but room for her books and lunch and the quality you 'd expect from Jansport . Great find on Amazon and a great price .
 This was a present for my granddaughter and she loves it ! It was exactly what she wanted for a reasonable price .
 This backpack is simple , durable , and pretty awesome . The color vibrant and fantastic . Sturdy and the lifetime guarantee is fantastic .
 Was exactly what Grand son asked for . He does art work on white back pack . We received item very punctually .
 I 'd almost go so far as to call it flimsy - the material is quite thin.Aside from general impressions of not being particularly sturdy , the bag is pretty well constructed and my 7th grade daughter loves the way it looks -LRB- she got the blue streak tone deaf model -RRB- .
 The backpack is great . the size is a little small . There are know places to put your water . It fits everything yo put in it .
 Jansports are always great backpacks . This one was no exception . Two simple pockets and the black just goes with everything . An excellent basic backpack for all ages
 As expected , I had this same backpack a few years ago but lost it . I 'm glad I purchased a replacement as I 've used it for college , camping , carrying photos for meet & greets for celebrities and much more . It 's made very high quality .
 I love this book-bag . Small , durable , and looks really nice.Would recommend to anyone that 's in college or high school .
 I purchased this for my son and he loves it . I purchased it because of the Jansport name and I am very pleased with quality of the backpack . Would highly recommend .
 My sister earned some cash for doing some yard work , and decided to spend it on this backpack . When it came in she said she loved the color . It looks durable . After a period of about a month , she has been using this backpack and it is still in great shape . It fits everything she needs in it . Jansport is a great brand , I have a Jansport backpack myself .
 I got the white one came brand new in sealed bag so it was still white . Very hard to keep clean but im older wouldnt reccommend white for a child . Very durable simple bag . I throw mine in washer no probAny questions just ask-Bee
 This back pack was a good value for the money and came in time for my daughter to take it to college even though we ordered it at the last minute .
 The backpack is great . My boyfriend uses it for school everyday . It 's managed to carry a couple of heavy textbooks as well .
 All I ever used in HS were JanSport backpacks . They served me well then and the one I ordered off of Amazon is working great for me in college . Fits my 2 college books , binder , calculator , vitamins , water bottle . Anything I want to throw in there fits ! I am very happy with my purchase .
 The book bag is perfect for a 9 year old , I chose it for my son , he is very happy with it . It 's light , cool , and tough.I really recomended for any one .
 It was a gift to my little sister . She liked it so much . I would like to recommend it to others .
 This Jan-sport backpack is Top notch , nice for carrying on the go items like books , electronics , etc.It does get dirty fast if placed on ground but poofs right off . Its adjustable to fit your comfort and a great buy !
 It 's very dependable . My kids love its looks and color . Size is just right for their books in middle school .
 As soon as I got this product I must admit I was a bit scared . The bag seemed so small and I was worried I would have to return it . But thankfully once I got some books and folders in there I realized it was the perfect size . Easily carried two large textbooks and a binder with room to spare . Though , it int without its flaws.One thing I do n't like about it is how plastic-ey it feels . Feels kind of cheap , but I think it will hold up nicely.It also collects dust fairly easily when laid on a floor . Its easily wiped away though.My last complaint is that the straps are very cheap and thin and need to be worked in.Other than that its a great bag . Suites my needs nicely .
 No problems with this product from Amazon . Great quality and extremely satisfied . I love it and reccomend it for anyone !
 It is a very nice sturdy backpack . The color is a pretty pink.We are very happy with our purchase .
 You ca n't go wrong with this backpack . The color is what hooked me because it 's my favorite color and the backpack is very durable .
 I bought this a few weeks ago . It 's great for school . Initially I could n't decide between Jamsport and eastpak . I 'm glad I chose this .
 I love it because it 's generic and sturdy . I use it daily and it fits my laptop and it 's sleeve perfectly . -LRB- 15.6 '' -RRB-
 I did a lot research on those backpacks , I was first settled with jansport right pack , but after looking at my pal 's superbreak I decide to get that one . Right pack is just long , not much of a impact on volume , just long ... I settled with Dark French Gray because I havent seem anyone use it in school , it arrived today with nice package , the fabric feels strong , and it look bigger than the photos . I can put in
 this bag was just what i was looking for and it came really fast with just regular standard mail .
 This product was shipped fast and in perfect condition . I bought it for a Christmas present for my daughter and she really loved it . They had a great selection .
 My daughter was looking for a turquoise and brown backpack . This was exactly what she wanted . It has great quality at a great value . We received our order very fast .
 The product was just as described and it works wondefully . I recommend this product !
 i use this bag while attending classes in college and it is perfect for all my needs .
 I always liked JanSport bags for their durability . I bought one for my husband 5 years ago . He uses it to go back and forth from work , to rock concerts and when we go rock climbing .
 Jansport is an excellent brand of backpack . They carry stylish and durable products . Jansport stands by their products and will replace if damaged from what I understand
 This backpack is perfect for pre-K . It is large enough to hold regular size papers without being too bulky . Color choices are great , and we found just what we wanted .
 this is a great backpack love it had it for 5 years lasted through middle and half of high school but then my brother dropped it in a lake .
 I have had this bag for a while now and I must say it looks exactly the same as when I bought it . This is a bag that was made to last . But anyways I would recommend this as more of a casual bag than a school bag . So overall a great product .
 My grandson chose this backpack -LRB- he 's 11 -RRB- and also the black and white graffiti so he can change up once in a while . He likes them very much and feels quite cool in school . Thanks Amazon for your great selections and fine products.Linda Phillips -LRB- better known as `` YaYa '' to my Grands -RRB- .
 Sturdy backpack , roomy for all necessary items for school . Color is nice and cleans up easily with soap and water .
 Great backpack ! Really fits nice on ma back ! Its a classic American bag with extra frills , I like that , and you will too .
 I had a friend that used to work for JanSport and she told me that it maybe a little pricey and may not be cars or monster High but is totally worth the money b/c they have a lifetime guarantee . Well with the previous back pack I ordered breaking the first day of school I decided to go for it . I found that they have more than just basic colors now and actually have really cool prints to choose from now . So when my daughters big girl back pack arrived she loved it and I have had not one problem with it yet and guess if I do I will send it back to have it repaired :--RRB- .
 I think the backpack is fine and it 's really cute . Just wish it had more pockets , it only has a big one and a small one . otherwise fine .
 My daughter is really into zebra print right now , and she just loves her book bag . She is a first grader and just loves this !!
 I was nervous to get this , because i was worried it would n't be up to par for a college student . I got it , and loved it . Cute color , I got Blinded Blue . It holds all of my books ANd my lap top with extra room . This is a huge plus for me , my last backpack was so tiny . I will definitely be a big fan of this brand
 Got this backpack for school and it is just about perfect . It is durable and comfortable . Jansport makes quality products .
 The yellow in actuality is a little too bright for my taste and it runs a little big for my body but well , I 'm small -LRB- 4 ' 10 '' -RRB- so what do I expect . The item came quickly and it was exactly as described . It stands out a lot so if you do n't mind catching peoples ' attentions and being associated with a yellow backpack , then go for it1
 I 've been using this backpack for about 3 weeks now , and it 's in great condition still . It holds all my notebooks and binder well . I have no complaints other than the fact that it gets dirty really easily . I have to place it on the ground from time to time when I go to tennis and there would be marks that can only come out if I wash them.Other than that , it is waterproof . That comes in handy since the weather here in Texas is bipolar and rain may hit randomly . Saves all my notebooks and homework from complete disaster . This was the first product I 've order from Amazon and I definitely love how fast the shipping is and how well they send the product -LRB- in protective packaging -RRB- .
 I wanted a jansport backpack for quite awhile now and I finally decided to order one from amazon its perfect to fit all books and even my netbook . Amazon is excellent with the shipping it was extremely fast I ordered my backpack Friday Night and with the exception of the weekend I recieved it Monday afternoon ! Very Satisfied THANKS AMAZON !
 I bought this backpack for my 10 year old son because i know its awesome and will last along time . My dad has the same one and hes has it for many years .
 Very pleased with the product . Good quality , colour and standard . Happy with the purchase . Everything seems to be in order . Highly Recommended .
 I bought this bag because I am studying abroad in the UK for one semester . I needed a good sturdy bag , that would n't look awkward or out of place . A bag that I could take anywhere and not be looked at twice . It has a lot of room for your things , and it does n't strain your back . I used it as one of my carry ons , and as I walked around Liverpool.The dark color hides dirt , and it is durable . All in all , a great buy , and definitely worth the money . I gave it 4 out of 5 because although it is comfortable and what not , I just wish it had longer straps , but that is mainly for me and my long back.If you are traveling , this is a MUST , and if you are just using it for school , then GET ONE !!
 The simplicity of this backpack is what makes it great . There are no extra pockets or straps . It is very comfortable and the material used to make this backpack seems quite durable .
 I ordered this book bag to use for the new semester of college . I must say that the color is fantastic ! I got it in electric purple . While purple is my favorite color , I do n't see myself changing this bookbag until it wears out ! The material feels great and its lightweight . I wish the bag was a bit bigger but nonetheless , I love it ! Thanks , Amazon !
 Okay so i just got the bag 20 minuets & so far i 'm impress . the shipping was fast . the bag was packaged nice & neat . the only problem i see with this is if it gets rained or wet on i could see the dye running . perfect cute bag !
 My nephew found this and had me buy it for him which i sent it in the Philippines just in time for school . His classmates loved it ! In fact , he 's the only one in his class who has this kind of backpack which made him very happy !!!
 JanSport has the best quality with there products have bought them before would buy again and if you ever have a issue with it they with repair it or replace the best .
 Great , just what I wanted . Not much to expect but a regular backpack . Since it is brand new the straps are all stiff , so it takes a while to break it in and get it comfortable .
 Love my throw back , Jansport.I ordered the all black.I 'm pretty satisfied.It came brand new with all tags and a lifetime warranty.It did n't take long to arrive either.Thanks Amazon !!!
 This Jansport Backpack was exactly what my daughter was looking for . It 's the perfect size for middle school books/homework/etc . It 's not too big & bulky but fits a ton of stuff ! Very cool design and excellent quality !
 Lifetime warranty , Nicely finished and good quality . I recommend this for any student . It will be nice having a warranty with teenagers . For the price it 's worth it . We usually are pretty hard on our backpacks , multi usage - school , hiking , walking , and other activites . She LOVED it , she is 17 yrs old .
 The product was shipped with professional care and arrived almost a week before the start of school . Absolutely love the color , and loved how it was not damage at all during the shipping . Very lightweight , but spacious . Have no problems with the backpack and will absolutely adore it forever .
 I bought this to carry my folders , notebooks , and occasional texts for my freshman year in college . It looks fairly small on the outside but has enough room to hold four folders , four one-subject notebooks , a 32-oz water bottle , a two-inch thick binder , and two 500 page books . The small pocket in the front is good for pens/pencils and anything you do n't want to lose track of in the main compartment.I 've been using the bag every weekday for almost a month now and it is n't showing any signs of wear yet -LRB- which is more than I can say for other backpacks -RRB- . The colors are bright but not overly dramatic -LRB- Black Cabesa Blue Perry Plaid -RRB- . My only complaint is that the padded part of the straps feel like they 're a bit high . Maybe it should be a little longer ? Either way , it 's still a perfectly good backpack and not uncomfortable at all .
 My seven year old LOVES red . We could n't find a red book bag in stores . This is a classic jansport bookbag that he will be able to use for years to come . Shipping was fast , bookbag exactly as you remember it from when you had your Jansport in grade school . Ca n't go wrong .
 Nice quality , good space , great for preschoolers specially if you need to send bulky things like a blanket or toys for nap time .
 Bought this backpack for my 4th grade daughter . She is very happy w it and loves the colors . It 's holding up well I just wish it had a lining . No pics of the interior of the pack .
 i love this backpack ! the color is so vibrant and beautiful . the color grabbed my attention quickly and i knew i had to have it . the jansport website didnt even have this color in stock and i was very fortunate to find it on Amazon . i got this backpack brand new with the original tags and everything ! : -RRB-
 My daughter is in 2nd grade this year and its good to know that JanSport makes a light weight but yet durable backpack that will fit in her locker at school ! We had so many colors and patterns to choose from but this one was an instant wow ! Hope it lasts the whole year but it came with a lifetime warranty , so no worries ! The shipping was great , just in time for school ! The price with shipping was within my budget , so it worked out great ! Thanks : -RRB-
 We received this really fast and we were very happy with it 's vibrant colors and good quality . We saw it at the retail stores and it was usually marked higher than for what we got it .
 Great price , brand new , had alot of colors available no problems with the bag my daughter loved it . I would definetly buy again . Thanks
 This is even more vibrant in person ! My daughter wanted a fun , bright backpack and absolutely loves this . Very sturdy and the perfect size . I 've had a Jansport since Middle School and I 'm now in my thirties . These are very well made backpacks !
 It 's the same color . It has a lot of room , but it 's also not too big and weird . It came like a week after , ... I think you guys should consider it . : -RRB-
 Structurally , this backpack is amazing and everything I was looking for . It 's sturdy , lightweight , and very spacious . My only problem with it , is that the color was not accurately depicted . The picture shows it as a pale green , but it 's really more vibrant and almost the color of the Hulk . I would recommend Googling what the color actually looks like before placing the order .
 These backpacks are great for school , my daughters have always used Jansportthey last all year and wash up nicely to use for the summer.They are very sturdy , zippers are strong for all that tugging . i recommend to all parents with kids in school .
 This is a great backpack , it is very durable and looks great . I would buy again probably next school year .
 This backpack is very resistant . I have many heavy books that i need to carry around and this backpack has n't ripped yet . I ordered the Black/White Torn Triangle . The color was n't what i expected since the picture makes it seem purple/blue but its actually purple/pink . Other than that this backpack is very good .
 The pattern looks good , light and convenient for student . It 's the gift for a friend 's child . Will buy this brand again .
 So nice , it 's a gift for my brother , he like it so much ! The quality is also good !
 bought this and it 's a perfect sized backpack for a student ! not the mini but a full size jansport ! You could easily fit 2 textbooks and some notepads in it !
 This is a great quality backpack . After watching my school age child go through 1 to 2 backpacks a year I decided to spend a little more money for a better one . This JanSport is holding up great . It 's well padded at the shoulders so it 's comfortable to carry and it fits a lot of books and folders . The zippers are easy to pull and do n't snag . There are several pockets to help organize things . It 's a good investment .
 Their are so many types of back packs . But , if all you need is your basic back pack this is it . It 's made of tough material , sewn together well . Has large main compartment . A smaller compartment that has two pen holder slots and a wallet size pocket . I recommend this prodent .
 Its great and in my favorite color :--RRB- . Its great use for a college student on the run or super chic as a handbag .
 This backpack has lasted me for over 2 years now , and I have not had a single problem with it . Zippers are still working perfectly , and straps are still as comfortable as they 'll ever be . It 's a perfect backpack for college and beyond.Now , I do n't toss and drag my backpacks across asphalt and concrete -LRB- like I used to in elementary school :P -RRB- , but I have stuffed this bag many times with textbooks , paperwork , clothes , etc , until the seams seemed -LRB- hah ! -RRB- like they were going to burst . Much to my satisfaction , the bag still held strong each and every time.Only issue I have with this bag is that it 's almost too commonly used ! So make sure you personalize your backpack before you accidentally switch it with someone else !
 I needed this simple old school backpack for use as a toddler diaper bag . this works perfectly and was a great price !
 it 's good , and the color is the same that i saw in the internet . i love it so much . the express speed is fast .
 Durable and worth the money . Light weight , fits a lot of stuff and my 13 year old ca n't destroy it , no that says a LOT !
 Exactly what my daughter wanted ! the color matched the photo . great small backpack perfect for the skinny lockers now located in schools
 My son is says that it is compact but hold a ton of things . He is very happy with it .
 It arrived within 2 days of ordering it and it was the exact size he wanted . Great price great backpack .
 It was a Christmas present for my son and that is what he was looking for . It was perfect . These are the only kind of backpacks he likes .
 love it great for my laptop and running to class and not too bulky . I have a 13.5 '' laptop and it still fit
 Bought this backpack because I 'm sick of carrying tote bags . Love it and I love all the cool designs but I like to keep it simple so I went with navy .
 These jansport backpacks are amazing . they are durable and can hold a lot of stuff comfortably . the padding on the shoulder straps are a little thin though.One thing i would not recommend is to put an unprotected laptop in the backpack . the backpack has very little padding on the bottom so most likely the comp would be damaged.another great thing is that this pack contours to your back so that there is not a hole inbetween your back and the backapck
 Great item . My daughter loves her backpack and uses it extensively for school every day . It is about 30 % smaller than I thought it would be from the picture however .
 I bought this for my grandson who is 13 and he seems to like it and uses it all the time and I think that is a really good product , that holds up well .
 EL PRODUCTO LLEGO SIN INCONVENIENTE ALGUNO , ESPERABA MAS DE LA CALIDAD , PERO POR LO DEMA ESTA BIEN SON BONITA , EN LA PROSIMA COMPRA QUISIERA ENCONTRAR DESCUENTA PARA PODER VENDERLA
 Item was mailed in a timely manner . Item was received as described . Very pleased with the purchase and the amount paid . Thank you for great customer service !
 I ordered this backpack on the 15 and it said it was going to come on the 25 but it did n't so im still waiting . Hopefully I 'll get it on monday
 Justm what my son wanted and I did n't have to go anywhere with him except amazon !! Thanks so much more than I can say !!!
 The Backpack is so roomy . It is great for when you are taking two or more classes at college.Also it will be great for a weekend trip somewhere . You can put all your clothes and accessories in backpack .
 My 14 year old daughter loves this backpack . It shipped quickly , arrived fast and was a good price .
 The back pack is sturdy and compact but seems to hold a lot of books without being bulky .
 purchased before and will purchase again . the external pocket has divisions that are kind of useless , should have bigger slots for pens , only complaint , perfect size
 I like the color and the material can always stay in shape . But I think I need more small bags for my small things .
 Jansport backpacks has been trusted and known worldwide by their quality and cool design . This one is no exemption . It is light but strong enough to hold hardbound books . This make perfect for my kid .
 Thank you for getting this product to me in a timely manner and in the shape you said it would be in .
 I always buy Jansport backpacks . As a mother of 3 I have bought a lot of backpacks for my kids . The only ones that seem to make it through a whole school year and even longer is Jansport . I will always spend the extra money knowing I 'll only have to replace it half as much .
 The bookbag is a very pretty print ; and very versatile . Jansport has always been a favortie brand of mine and I 'm very lucky I got it for such a good price .
 I expected something a little cheezy but , in fact it was a great purchase . I was very satisfied with my purchase .
 The bag I initially ordered was out of stock becuase their inventory was off - at first I was really upset because I really wanted that color . However , they worked with me and got me a great backpack that I was very happy with !
 grandaughter loved it . We got 2 and I was charged for 2 but only ordered 1 . Guess we will have one for next year . Thanks
 The product is nice and I got it faster than I expected . Very nice purchase experience !
 I would normally wear totes from abercrombie or hollister . When I saw the black crazy dots I thought it looked really cool ! This is the best backpack I have ever found and I wish that I figured that out a long time ago . Bit you know what they say it is better late then never finding that out . Overall JanSport mad another great , durable , and cute backpace . I reccomend it for anyone that needs a new , stylish backpack !
 This is the best . I have always used Jansport backpacks they last forever .
 These bags I bought for my son and daughter are great . Last year I bought a bookbag for my daughter and it broke close to the end of the year . I was quite upset because I bought this from a reliable department store . Well this time around the bookbag is holding up even with all the books that my fifth grader brings home .
 This backpack is very sturdy and great for my son who is in high school . It was not as roomy as I thought and he would of liked more compartments .
 I 've always loved Jansport backpacks and this is no different . I purchased a Jansport backpack similar to this one about 3 years ago and up to now it 's still in very good shape . Not to mention some of the newest designs they have to offer . This is well worth your money !
 The Jansport SuperBreak Black Crazy Dots Backpack is a great product . My niece likes it because it is fun and colorful , and I like it because it is durable . Not to mention , it was nice to have the product delivered right to our door . It was one less stop we had to make during the busy back-to-school season .
 -LRB- Ordered two months ago . -RRB- The patch itself is about four inches from top to bottom . It comes in a clipped bag and is easily applied to any shirt , hoodie , etc. . You basically leave a heated iron on top of it for a good 20-30 seconds before it stays compressed . Overall , the item looks pretty much how it does in the image provided -LRB- click and you can see the actual size -RRB- . What you see is what you get . Pretty decent purchase . I never consider myself a hardcore anime/manga fan -LRB- otaku -RRB- - like some - and I do n't have massive collections of such on my wall , but this patch was simply a trinket I purchased since Fullmetal Alchemist is one of the few manga I 've actually read so far . Might wear off from time to time , but nothing another good , ol' , steaming iron ca n't fix .
 Just received the patch yesterday , quality is great and detail is intricate . The picture does not do the patch justice , highly recommended if you like Al and kittens and Al with kittens :D .
 When I saw this patch I immediately knew I wanted it . I 'm a big fan of Fullmetal Alchemist , so when I saw Al with the kitten I laughed and soon bought it still is one of my favorites . .
 It 's simply a nice , comfortable , plain polo . It fits a little wide for skinny guys , but the 50/50 composition is like silk . I bought the light blue and the dark green , and I wear them often . Great buy for the price .
 The polo shirts I received from this person were made of good quality material and well constructed . Color was great . I received the shirts within the estimated time .
 I 'll give these shirts a solid 4 stars . For the price , you ca n't go wrong . I had been buying/wearing the 5.11 type polos but did n't like how weighty they were , these are a bit thinner and more comfortable . Fit is good , sleeves are a little tight around the armband -LRB- could just be the guns ! haha -RRB- but over all I love them so much I ordered 3 more in different colors .
 This shirt is holding up well , and is comfortable . I wear it doing contractor work in Afghanistan - it seems to be durable and fits nicely - I 'm athletic . I would buy it in other colors .
 I am gaining weight . But this shirt does n't make me look as though I have . Its roomy and comfortable , even if I bend over it does n't ride up my back side . Going to get other shirts like this . Hope it does n't shrink when I was them .
 I will be buying more of these . I need this type of shirt for work and even though I can get deep blue polo 's cheaper I like the weight and texture of this Hanes best .
 Nice quality fabric drapes beautifully , has a nice weight and the blend should hold its color and shape better than 100 % cotton.I purchase the Deep Navy , and the color is accurate very nice dark navy color . I find it superior to the Cotton jersy shirts I have purchased in the past in this price range .
 Dress up for formal campfires , camping and general use . This shirt can be used with that other favorite , the Arizona `` State Tie ''
 I 'm very satisfied of this product . I encourage to buy it.ThanksVladimir
 I ordered this shirt to wear at work . They seem to have an issue with ordering enough uniforms for everyone . My only complaint is that these shrink when you wash them so I have to order a size bigger then wash it .
 Excellente item . Very fresh and the colors are solid . At 8 $ it 's great for everyday use .
 es una chemise de tela suave , el color tal como se ve en la foto , es fresca . de buena calidad ...
 Color is exactly what the picture shows . I am not a big woman and I ordered a men 's small expecting it to be a little loose however it 's almost tight on me ! I could not have taken and Xsmall which is what I would have ordered if it were available ! I 'm glad it was n't !
 THIS IS A GOOD PRODUCT . IT WAS PURCHASED AS PART OF A MEDICAL UNIFORM FOR MY SON WHO IS IN MEDICAL SCHOOL . HE SAYS IT IS COOL AND COMFORTABLE .
 This is exactly what you think it is . A cotton t-shirt with buttons and a collar . It serves the purpose well and is much cheaper than a retail store .
 I bought cotton polo from the same maker . So I know what to compare to . This one is cheaper , thinner and light . I would say cotton is a better deal . not that I have any problem with this one . just talking about which I like better .
 The shirt arrived in a timley manner . Well packaged and just what I wanted . Well made by Hanes . The bright yellow color makes you stand out in a crowd .
 It came the first day USPS delivery date . Same color , size etc as pictured . I washed it and it is still as large and roomy as before washing . And no changes in appearance from washing . I do n't know why anyone complained , nothing is wrong with this shirt .
 a very nice shirt that in turns make a nice product , worth the purchase and i needed it . a purchase that you couldnt get a better price for and cheaper and better quality than other retailers products online . excellent product and a recommended buy
 Fast shipping good seller , great product for the value . Light weight shirt . The sleeves do have a fitting form , sort of elastic but i like how it fits
 If you 're a Naruto Series fan , you 'll love the Chibi Sasuke , vz . 2 key chain . My kids love it .
 Carhartt anything is the work-wear of choice for a lot of the construction workers around town in Boston , so you know it 's durable and practical . The sweatshirts are practically a uniform in early spring and in the fall , especially in odd colors like blaze orange.I got mine from a friend of a friend who forgot his at my house , and it 's the most wonderful , cozy piece of clothing I own . I live in it every weekend . My mother borrowed it while I was home visiting , and now I 've had to get one for her , as well . These really are the perfect thing to wear on a rainy day when you 're curled up on the couch , or when it 's raw and windy but not quite freezing outside.The Carhartt label seems to be gathering the cachet that Dickies had a few years ago , and you 'll see it worn by a lot of semi-ironic post-collegiate hipsters , but do n't let that deter you from buying something that 's well-made , warm , and comfortable . It 's quite good whether you plan to wear it for serious work or serious vegetating .
 Excellent , durable and very comfortable jeans and reasonably priced . I shall use this brand exclusively from now on.Nothing more needs to be said
 I 've been wearing Wrangler since I was a teenager . Their comfort , style and durability are just as good as those `` fancy '' jeans I see people going into big name store 's and paying $ 100 or more for ... jeans . What ???? Come on people ... it 's blue jeans ! Blue jeans never go out of style , but the price of blue jeans costing $ 100 or more should go out of style .
 These are my favorite work jeans . They are the most comfortable jeans during a long work day . I have trouble finding these particular style in stores , so I will order them on here from now on . They last quite a while , and do n't develop wear spots in the typical areas . Great jeans at a great price .
 Soy de Caracas-Venezuela y Recomiendo ampliamente a esta vendedor , Muy Buena Calidad , Putualidad en la entrega , Recomendable 100 % , Felicitaciones
 While the brick and mortar do n't typically stock 29 inch inseams I can always seem to find them on line and they fit !
 Its been a while since I purchased these jeans and they are holding up quite fine ; great fade , lots of wear left 2 yrs plus and going strong
 The jeans came in a very short time and were brand new in the package . I am very happy with this purchase !
 After going to all the stores around town I gave up and finally found what I needed , a nice pair of jeans . The right sizes , colors and reasonably priced . I bought three ! Received them faster than I thought I would .
 I bought 2 pairs of the Wrangler Rugged Wear Relaxed Fit jeans -LRB- a lighter and a darker pair -RRB- for my husband and they look fabulous on him . He usually does n't look good in relaxed fit jeans as the seat part sags and the thigh areas are too puffy . And it 's hard finding his size in stores -LRB- 40X34 -RRB- . So I was very hopeful when I saw these jeans on Amazon . I liked the cut and they looked great on the models , so I took my chances . I was not disappointed . They fit my husband beautifully and they 're well-made and durable . I 'll be buying these from now on !
 These jeans fit and are perfect for big guys . They wear like iron and last under daily use . The sizing is dead on accurate . The cut is perfect for the older ` wide body ' wearers . This is my retirement ` uniform ' and will be until I am no more . Thanks Wrangler , keep this one coming . Do n't change a thing .
 these things look very good , they feel good and they last . not to mention that the price is far lower than it is in the store . i highly recomend them .
 I used to wear Levi Jeans , but then decided to try a pair Wranglers since they were on sale at a very good price . They are much more comfortable than the Levi Jeans by the way they are designed to fit . Wranglers for me from now on !
 When your pants measurements are 48 '' waist with a 28 '' inseam , it gets a little hard to find cloths that fit . A whole lot of specialty `` Big & Tall '' pants for us big guys are `` custom fit '' for 48 X 28 start life with a 38 '' inseam and are then chopped by ten inches so that you feel like you 're back in the 70 's wearing some bell bottom pants again . Wrangler Jeans does not use this method with their product . They fit well both in the waist and are not too long or big in the legs . This is a great pair of Jeans and I 'll be wearing them for a long time to come . I highly recommend this product .
 HI , ALL THE BIG GUYS LOOKING FOR A PAIR OF JEANS , YOUR SEARCH ENDS HERE.I BOUGHT A PAIR OF WRANGLER MEN 'S RUGGED WEAR RELAXED FIT JEANS , ANTIQUE INDIGO BLUE.WHAT CAN I SAY JUST THAT I HAD A TERRIFIC EXPERIENCE SHOPPING FROM AMAZON.COM , THE PRODUCT WAS AS DESCRIBED AND SHIPPING WAS FAST.ALL I CAN SAY IS , SHOP WITH CONFIDENSE AT AMAZON , YOU WONT REGRET IT .
 I am 5 7 so when I saw these jeans come in a 29 length i ordered them . They were as advertised . I really like the jeans
 I wear blue jeans every day , 365 days a year . So , I obviously wear through jeans at a pretty good pace . A few years ago , I happened across these Wrangler jeans on Amazon , and decided to give them a shot . I have not been disappointed , and they 've been by go-to jeans ever since . These jeans look like good old fashioned jeans . Nothing fancy , and certainly not like a pair of $ 400 `` designer '' jeans . They 're well made , and seem to outlast any similarly priced jeans I 've tried . The `` relaxed fit '' is exactly that - a little extra room , without being baggy or `` gangster '' looking . For a bigger guy like me , who 's carrying a few extra pounds , the relaxed fit much appreciated . Very comfortable . Given the relatively cheap price of these , I 've not found a better deal for jeans that are of this quality , or last this long . Great product for a good price .
 I love these jeans . They are simple and traditional jeans without stretchy material , weird embellishments , funky designs , or strange pockets . Just a simple pair of jeans that fit well , are comfortable , wash easily , and are durable .
 I am very surprised that Wrangler 's made this kind of jean . It look great . The price is awesome compared to others top brands . Wrangler 's is the best in my book . The measure is exactly as expected . It fit very nicely around the waist and not below the waist . The rear pockets sit high , not low that make your pants look too bagging . I have bought two already and waiting for my third set to come in . Again , it is the pants to get .
 My husband does a lot of construction work around the house and is very hard on his jeans . I purchased these pants about 6 months ago and he has been wearing them since . He is very happy with them . They have a nice fit , they are very sturdy and the color if modern . I am pleased with this product and the service . I would purchase from this seller again .
 First off , I can not see how anyone can really fault the solid quality of these jeans , nice thick material with pretty serious looking stitching.The problem I have is in the labelling of the sizes for the jeans I received . I ordered size 38x32 , and the outer paper tag on the delivered jeans did show that size . However , the stitched material label inside the jeans shows 40x30 , as did the peel-off label on the jeans.The jeans are loose on me , so I think the outer tag is wrong -LRB- and therefore I have been shipped jeans a size bigger and a little shorter than I ordered -RRB- . Luckily they kind of fit me , a bit loose really , but quite comfy . I 'm in Australia so I ca n't be bothered with the hassle of returning them anyway.UPDATE . . -------- Well , took a chance and re-ordered some more . This time they arrived labelled as expected , and fit exactly as expected . These are the most comfortable jeans I have ever worn . Guess I was unlucky and got a duff labelled pair first time , always a risk with internet shopping I guess.Anyways , ca n't see myself buying any other jeans than these . BTW , the black looks cool , almost semi-formal . I 'd agree with what someone else said about how you could just about wear them as office gear , if you 're not talking a place where you 're needing to wear a suite.UPDATE 2 -LRB- feb 2013 -RRB- ------------------- Well a bit of weight loss over the last year or so , so I 've ordered pairs of these jeans in 36 and 34 . Each time they 've been perfect . They are really great wearing jeans . I will continue to buy these jeans on Amazon . . unless I take a holiday to the US one day ... then I 'll just buy a whole ship load !
 Success with Wrangler Rugged Wear Jeans ! I have finally found jeans that fit someone my size -- 6 ' -2 '' , 275lbs . Fit even better after after a hot water wash and normal dry . Usually finding pants can be impossible with other brands in the 44W 34L size . Either the crotch measurement is too long or short or they seem oddly built . If you are my size you know exactly what I mean . I will be back when these wear out .
 THese jeans I bought for my husband and he just loves them . I get about four pairs every 6-8 months for him to wear to work for his mechanic job and they are rugged , sturdy and last a good long time when you consider all the wear and tear he puts them through . I think the average man just buying these to wear as jeans and not work pants would not only be satisfied with the quality but also what a value they are in that they last so long . Cowboys have always worn Wranglers and for a good reason-they can take anything you dish out!THe relaxed fit is good for men who have muscular legs since they are a bit more generous in the thigh area but not so much that they make the guys bottom look baggy .
 These are great jeans . 5 pocket , very comfortable , 9 belt loops keeps belt on jeans not on your tummy , wears well and holds up well .
 These jeans are so durable , heavyweight yet very comfortable . I know they will last a long time . My husband wants another pair !
 They arrived very quickly ! And they fit perfectly ! It 's nice to be able to buy pants in the correct length ! For some reason no stores carry shorter lengths -LRB- 28 '' -RRB- . . I 'm very happy with my purchase !
 Jeans arrived in about 2 weeks to Australia . Regular postage . Good quality denim and stiching . Fit perfect for me . Solid man with large thighs . Jeans have long zip . Plenty of belt eyes . Very happy with jeans , better than levis and in my size and correct length . Never going to pay $ 100 retail australia for jeans ever again .
 Was very pleased with these Wrangler jeans . They are well made , and a perfect fit.The design is very good , and they did not shrink with washing . Thank you , Amazon !
 Rugged enough to do lawn care , but dressy enough in black to wear to a casual party . Love wearing my jeans !
 I am gaining weight . But this pair does n't make me look as though I have . Its roomy and comfortable , even if I bend over it does n't ride up my back side . Going to get other dungarees like this . Just hope it hold it size when washed .
 My husband 's job in distribution entails a lot of movement , pushing , pulling , squatting , loading , and constant walking throughout the days . He says these are the most comfortable jeans he owns . The relaxed fit makes movement easy but the jeans are n't baggy . They are true to size and extremely durable .
 best fitting pants i 've had in years - durable and comfortable - ordered multiple pairs and still waiting for last pair , but worth the wait for the price - pricing seems to vary according to order history and stock - got mine for around 23 - 24.00 per pair - on my computer they are now about 39 per pair while a pair 2 in bigger is 24 per pair -- interesting , no ?
 I have not had a pair of Wranglers for many years . Wore them when I was a kid , but somewhere along the line , switched to Levis . I have not been very satisfied with the Levis in recent years , as the material seems ` thinner ' than it once was.So , I decided to try Wranglers again and the generally lower price was an additional attraction . I have been very pleased with the Wranglers I purchased recently . The material feels like it has some substance , but not excessively heavy , the fit is good and I expect to buy Wranglers again when the need arises .
 I have worn Wranglers on and off my entire life . And retirement is no exception.They are rugged , comfortable and easily maintained .
 I am required to wear black jeans for work . My search has ended with the Wrangler Rugged Wear relaxed fit jean . The front pockets are very deep , the zipper is longer than on regular jeans and the fit is roomy . Due to the fact that I wear my jeans once then have to wash them , I ordered a 36x36 instead of my normal 35x34 because they shrink rather quickly at first . The length was long at first but after 2 washes it shrunk down to a nice length . These jeans have 7 belt loops vs the 5 on other jeans , which makes it easier for me since I have alot of stuff attached to my belt for work . I am very please with these jeans .
 Good product . It is an original product of good quality and in perfect condition , I recommend it to all users of amazon.com . thanks
 These are the jeans I wear , I usally buy them at Academy , the size I wear they only stock a few , so I bought them from Amazon , had to pay $ 6.00 more per pair , So price is the only thing bad about this Item .
 These jeans fit great and they 're very comfortable . Loose fit so you 're not squeezed into them and they do n't ride down your waist .
 I bought these for my son for Christmas -LRB- at his . request -RRB- . He says they are the most comfortable jean he has ever worn . Thanks !
 Great fit and wear so far on these jeans ! Coud n't beat the discount price ! Wrangler still makes a decent jean !
 Premium quality , great fit and look . American made . Word-up dog , diddy diddy bump bump bump meet me in the coral .
 I bought my husband one pair as a ` trial ' based on the commercials showing more `` U Fit Room '' . It is a good plus according to my husband . He has worn them so much I bought a few more and we are cycling out his old tight jeans . They seem to wash well and feel very comfy for him . He likes that he can bend , stretch , get on his motorcycle , etc without any pinching or discomfort . Price is decent too compared to alot of other brands like the Duluth Company -LRB- $ 54 ! -RRB- and Levis -LRB- 35-40 ! -RRB- .
 These jeans are all he will wear . Plus it is hard to find 29 length in some styles . Very soft material is also a plus .
 Got these for my grandson . The size is pretty hard to find ... glad I found them here on Amazon !! Good product . He 's a happy camper with my buy . Hurray for Amazon , Wrangler and Grandma !! Good buy .
 Best pair of jeans he has had so far and they were the perfect size . Can not find these many places .
 Excellent pair of jeans , bought from amazon because I am a hard to find size . Jeans are comfy , do n't shrink in the wash , and hold up well over time .
 I have worn these pants exclusively since receipt . They have been comfortable where regular fit were n't . The workmanship and materials are great .
 Wrangler jeans are the best qualityfor the price . Good , sturdy jeans .
 These jeans are truly amazing ! Both legs were almost the same length , and they have a zipper in the front which is very convenient . I read the instructions and can now put them on even in the dark . Just fantastic .
 These jeans arrived within the 8 days allotted . They are in great shape and fit perfectly . I highly recommend this site for other users .
 Well made Jeans . I own three pair of Wrangler Rugged Wear angler pants size 32 x 32 that fit me perfectly . All my other dress and casual pants are the same size . When I tried on these jeans I was unable to button them . I would recomend purchasing one size larger waist size . The length was correct .
 ME PARECE UN PRODUCTO MUY BUENO , LO RECOMIENDO . GRACIAS . ENVIO RELATIVAMENTE NORMAL . SIN PROBLEMAS . .
 Talla completa el mejor pantal&oacute;n para el trabajo diario , a la vez viste de forma casual . tela excelente , buen dise & ntilde ; o , y calidad .
 This was the easiest way to buy jeans ! Perfect fit and fast service . Did n't have to waste gas shopping the stores .
 According to my wife , who I bought these jeans for , She says , `` These jeans are rugged and roomy . The front pockets are deep . As far as I can tell the design has not changed since I started buying these several years ago . ''
 CUMPLIO CON LAS ESPECTATIVAS PARA LA COMPRA DE ROPA POR INTERNET , LA FACILIDAD PARA LA ESCOGENCIA DELAS TALLAS Y EL MODELO .
 este producto es muy bueno diria q excelente asi que muchas gracias por todo es una buena mercancia y medida esperada
 My son is over 6 feet tall and 300 + pounds and it is very hard to get a pair of jeans that fit him properly . Although this is a bit expensive for me as I have to get them shipped to South America , it 's worth it ! Will definitely buy more .
 I bought Levi 's for years because `` thats what I was supposed to do '' ... now that I have grown up I have realized that price does not make a good pair of jeans.I am now and exclusive Wrangler jeans person.The fit is spot on , and the price is very reasonable.The cost is below what the jeans are worth.I have bought from Amazon and from Wrangler direct.ALWAYS is the fit the same ... perfect ... and I do not feel like I paid for some execs summer island home in order to wear them.I buy Wrangler as long as they stick to their current way of thinking ... good products at a fair price .
 Great fit and comfort . My only complaint is the change pockets . I use a small cell phone that easily fits in the change pockets . The attachments no longer have rivets , and the change pockets have easily torn on all 3 pairs of these I have . Otherwise the quality is fine .
 These jeans a a big fitting and comfortable at the same time . I hate skinny jeans and always go for relaxed fit . These jeans are comfortable and sturdy unlike some other brand jeans . If you need a pair of jeans then look no further as Wrangler have done it again .
 Am very happy with this purchase of Wrangler Relax Fit Jeans . Very hard to find plus sizes here in Honduras , and so pleased that they are as advertised . Perfect , Thank-you .
 These are my second pair of these Wranglers . I wear these daily to work and they are very comfortable . I like the loose fitting feel to keep me comfortable during the long work day .
 I NEED A PAIR OF GOOD JEANS ANYWAY i COULD NOT FIND JEANS MY SIZE SO I TOOK A CHANCE AND WAS GLAD I DID THEY FIT GREAT
 These jeans are the best ! They fit really well , they feel very comfortable , and they are very durable . I recently bought these jeans because the Wrangler Rugged Wear jeans I had finally wore out ... After 4 years of working in the desert ! The front pockets are very roomy and the rear pockets can accommodate larger sized men 's wallets . The change pocket is much larger than I 've seen in other brands of jeans and these Wrangler 's fit `` true to size '' . There is no need to worry about getting one size larger or smaller to ensure a proper , comfortable fit . My 36x34 's fit perfectly and they have a great break in the cuff . Additionally , there is plenty of room in the seat , crotch , and the thigh areas . These jeans are a great option for those who like a looser fitting jean . They also look great and are appropriate for anything from rugged outdoor activities to casual days at the office . And compared to other `` designer '' jeans out there , you simply ca n't beat the price . I highly recommend these jeans and I 'm sure you will like them as much as I do !
 Nice jeans for a tall person . Very difficult to locate a a reasonable cost in a store jeans for tall men . Fast delivery and a nice product . We now have ordered two pair of these jeans and will order more in the future . Thank you .
 I am delighted with the purchase -- I teach at a small college and usually depend upon such black jeans to go along with dress shirts . The price , size , quality , and speed of delivery were all excellent . In short , I 'm very pleased .
 I chose a five star because Wrangler jeans are the best fitting ones . My husband likes them better than Levis . They fit better all around . The price is great , ca n't beat it . I would recommend these to anyone who likes a comfortable jean and good looking on top of that .
 I 've been wearing these jeans for the past 30 years , one pair after another . They outlast any jeans i ever wore before that and are comfortable.I do n't wear any other pants , none ... . I even got married in Wranglers , Ha !
 I bought two pair of these jeans for my husband , two different shades and wish they had other shades in his size , particularly his length . Was thrilled to find what I did and with Prime shipping to boot.One pair has been worn , washed , worn again . Second pair is in hamper to be washed for first time . Having been scared off by some reviews here , I did n't dare to put the first pair in the dryer , so they were cold water washed and rinsed and then hung up on bathroom shower rod to dry . Furthermore I used one of those straight plastic hangers -LRB- from something or other we bought -RRB- with the clampy deals on either end , hooked the back waist band to that and hung the jeans from that , which I think helped create a bit more air flow , at least in the waist/seat area . In fact my husband wore them the next day and said they were very very slightly damp some in the legs but not enough to matter . He also said they still felt fine as far as the fit . To play it safe I guess I 'll continue to cold wash and air dry.Rivets , belt loops , all appear intact and well sewn , etc , no problems there . I looked all over them , tugged on the loops , do n't think they are going to pull off anytime soon if ever.Checked the pair in the hamper , and the tag inside says they were sewn in Mexico from US fabric .
 Good quality product , but as more than three times the price . These jeans in a 42x32 can be bought at target for $ 16 , but are only available in sizes up to 44 &#34; waist . I required a 46x32 . The shipping was a bit slow but the product was as advertised . The 4 stars is because the wrangler jeans are well made .
 Quite helpful for my dear husband 's field work . He did n't plow or harvest , but his inspection job did require him to go to some unusual places . He needed this rugged garment .
 It is always a chore to order pants as most companies do n't have a standard size and one maker you 'll need a larger size or longer length . These fix perfectly and are very comfortable .
 Heavy weight material like jeans used to be . Love them !! perfect fit . This is my third time buying them and I usuallybuy three pairs at a time . I live in these pants .
 Nothing wrong with the jeans . I do not think they would do any good to stop an uncomfortable alien probing , but they will work for my terrestrial needs .
 I just needed a pair of pants to do everything in and these are just the ticket . Not too tight and not too baggy .
 Love these jeans and always will . Been wearing these for over thirty years . I still wear a pair that I have had for over ten years . I highly recommend the Wrangler brand .
 Jeans fit really good , especially as hard to fit as I usually am due to being tall . Appreciate the quality and appearance .
 I 've wore wrangler for a long time and it is a quality made product . I love them . Tough and rugged
 Not as sturdy as I 'd hoped , but they do the job . The pocket that my husband keeps his wallet in has started to deform and get thinner where his wallet presses against it , but other than that they are fine . Very sturdy construction and reinforced seams are a plus .
 But after wearing them twice , they loosened up . So , I think I will but them again in the future . ok
 Hubs wanted some more of these jeans for Christmas . Since he has retired they have become his everyday pants . The fabric is soft enough to be comfortable and they fit him just right . We will be getting more of these in the future .
 Properly sized for a change . A lot of jeans these days are not properly -LRB- consistently -RRB- sized . Wrangler seems to be the exception .
 Wrangler makes a great pair of somewhat loose fitting rugged , durable jeans for any guy who wants a slightly more relaxed look to their work -LRB- or play -RRB- jeans . Moreover , these jeans are a good choice for people like me who are slightly overweight . They really do give you extra room in the thigh and the seat ; and that 's great!The denim is nice and thick ; and these jeans are extremely durable . The excellent stitching helps make this possible . In fact , these jeans can last for years at a time without any fraying -- even at the bottoms of the legs . They are made from cotton and they are permanent press . However , I would wash these jeans with similar colors to avoid any color dye bleeding onto white garments in the wash or dryer cycle . They say that you should tumble dry these on low ; but I use the permanent press settings on my dryer and that seems to work fine without any problems . They come in five colors , too . Black jeans are even possible in an office where you do n't have to dress too fancy but yet blue jeans just wo n't be allowed , either.Overall , these fine jeans by Wrangler easily rival any jeans made by other manufacturers . Make sure you choose the right size and color for you if you 're using the pricing and availability chart above on this webpage . If you want a pair of loose fitting yet rugged , durable jeans , this may be just what you 're looking for . I doubt that you 'll be disappointed .
 I used to buy Levi 's 550 relaxed fit jeans because they were an American company , but now they are no longer made in America . These Wrangler Rugged Wear jeans are similar fitting and looking as the Levi 's 550 jeans and about half the price , and seem to be a better fabric than Levi 's .
 One reviewer is doing a VERY GREAT disservice to purchasers of this brand of Jeans . I followed his claim that the waist size is 2 inches off and his recommendation that everyone select a size 2 inches larger . I followed his advice , and I now have a pair of jeans that not only do not fit properally , but are in fact 21/2 to 3 inches too big !!! Ignore the `` buy oversize '' claim and buy what your tape measure suggests . Just think , if I loose 10 pounds , my pants will then be 2 entire sizes TOO BIG !
 If you 're like me , a bit on the tall side -LRB- 6 ' 9 '' -RRB- and not skinny -LRB- 320 pounds -RRB- , a 44x38 straight is wearable , but not comfortable . Now , for the first time in years , I can be comfortable while standing , sitting , stooping , squatting , walking , etc. . I wish I had discovered Wrangler Relaxed Fit jeans years ago!Buy a pair or six . They 're not expensive .
 I purchased 3 of these jeans , that were sent to someone . They had the free shipping over $ 25 but he would n't of been living where he was so I had to take the overnight ship which worked out great . He said they fit him perfectly and were extremely comfortable and wash well . Wrangler is a company that has been around forever and I can remember as a child going to the Army and Navy store to buy these jeans . I had originally purchased Lee 's for him because that is what he has always bought but Amazon had problems with the vendor and the stock they had depleted so I went with what I knew and great for the price . He was also very happy they went over his work boots with no problem .
 The wrangler jeans I purchased fit well and was just what I hoped they would be.I take a large size so I was very happy with the selection I made .
 The reason I shopped for Wrangler jeans on Amazon is that it is really hard for me to find my size where I live . -LRB- Which is completely stupid because I live in a suburb of Los Angeles ! -RRB- Perhaps I am not looking hard enough but with Amazon I do n't need to spend a bunch of time looking for jeans.Knowing your size is really important if you do n't want to end up getting very familair with your post office sending something back . However as a jeans shopper you should know that already.I love Wrangler quality and consistency . I hope they continue to keep up both ! The jeans come exactly as I expect them to be and the best part is they get here super fast ! I do n't pay for expedited shipping but they still get to me in 3 days which is great!Thank you Wrangler and Amazon!Kris Orange
 I hate shopping for clothes . Finding my size even in well stocked clothing stores like Target or the Gap really frustrates me . Using Amazon 's sizing table , these Wrangler Jeans fit just fine . I also purchased a pair of nominally the same size jeans from L.L. Bean online . Overall quality of L.L. Bean exceeds that of Wrangler , but sizing -- my main complaint -- did not match Wrangler 's spot-on fit . Both pair will likely give years of service .
 I purchased several pair of these jeans for my husband for Christmas . He loves them . I received them in a timely manner too .
 The fit of these is so good . The waist is a true size and the seat has just enough room .
 These jeans are just as described ; a little heavier than normal but very comfortable . Delivered on time and without a problem .
 Jeans fit great . They are exactlly as advertised . ON line purchase is great for the longer lengths I need .
 I was afraid to buy the pants on-line . But I got it in my house , it fits perfectly , better than at the store . My size is very uncommon in the stores , and I often have to buy it in small sizes because they do n't usually have it in stock.Right now I will be more at Amazon.com.Recommended.You can buy with no worries .
 It is nice to get exactly what you expect . I use to purchase this product from a local retailer who no longer carries this size . Happy to find that it is still available .
 Service from Amazon was , as usual , exemplary . These are really comfortable , well-fitting , and correctly sized , which can be a problem in today 's market . Great price , also . Definitely recommend .
 the are the 4th pair of jeans I have purchased the the value is outstanding . If I ever need another pair I will be back .
 What can I say . These are my favorite brand of jeans and these were at a good price and delivered quickly .
 I had been to all the western store trying to find jeans in 40x38 and all I could find was 40x36 . The Big & Tall shops could order 40x38 Wrangler but wanted $ 50.00 a pair . I ride a Royal Star Venture touring motorcycle and these relax jeans are perfect for long rides .
 I love these jeans , only complaint that i have is with the pockets , the jean material doesnt go deep enough down the entrance of the pocket , and the white material of the pocket is visiable . kind of gives it that `` bunny ears look '' but they are a good quality made jean !
 As a rather big guy I have problems to buy suitable clothing . But I found the WRANGLER jeans on this website and I 'm happy with it . Will buy again !
 They fit well . The quality of the material is superb . I like them so much that I purchased a second pair .
 These pants look good on my husband . He prefers boot cut , he says , but he did n't notice they were just a relaxed fit and likes them as well .
 Black Wrangler men 's jeans just look good , feel good , and last for a very very long time . I 'm a pretty large `` fatty '' from WAY BACK !!! My waste is 54 '' . I weigh over 300 lbs . I have a very active hard on clothing job with UPS . These jeans are the ONLY long pants I wear at work . They are comfortable and have proven themselves durable for a VERY LONG time . I really love them .
 What else would you expect from Wrangler ? Jeans are of a high quality and a perfect fit .
 Nice color , nice feel . Size and length accurate . They are very generous as regards relaxed fit ... almost wish they were a little tighter but no big deal . Very comfortable , plenty of belt loops , deep pockets . Excellent jeans.Seller was quick to ship . Will get more ... although a smaller size .
 I bought these for my husband . He asked specifically for them and is very happy with them . They fit perfectly and are a good price .
 This is a great product and the service was excellent . From now on I know where to get my Wrangler jeans at a great price and always a great fit .
 These are truly great jeans . They fit very nice and they are really tough . I own 3 pairs .
 The jeans are fine , the packaging for shipment was fine . Amazon did publish the retail price in this instance so that I knew what sort of discount I was getting . I have seen a trend with Amazon though where the item , even new , has the retail price deleted so that if their partner vendors are charging a premium , one does n't immediately know it . I 've curtailed buying from Amazon until I 'm convinced they wo n't be doing this any more . They 're only response to the issue was to tell me to return the item to the vendor which is a cost to me-time and money-might as well go to a brick and mortar store if I 'm going to go through that inconvenience .
 This item wrangler jeans it 's really nice and very comfy for my husband he likes it and I think it 's great jeans for casual wear or even for work ! Not very expensive for a pair of jeans why pay so much for brand if we are comfy with what we think nice and looks good . Wrangler is a brand name that never disappear in this business .
 These jeans are great ! They look nice and they work well for my husband 's tall frame .
 Amazon provides the 29 inch length jeans I wears . The delivery is quick and the packaging is great . Great quality products .
 with typical wrangler durability . I would have like them to be a little bit looser than what I got .
 I live in these jeans . The deep pockets are a detail that make a quality difference in my life.Regarding sizes , jeans are cut by hand , so some slight variation in size can happen .
 Levi 's tend to dominate the jean market for no apparent reason other than hype over the name . Fortunately , there is Wrangler that provides a less expensive , quality product -LRB- no I do n't have any affiliation with Wrangler -RRB- . These jeans are comfortable and sized perfectly . My only complaint is the denim of the front pocket inserts seem a little undersized . This sometime causes the white lining to show a little when you are sitting down.And , of course , they fit properly over your boots . -LRB- Only select Levi 's fit right over boots -RRB- .
 I ordered here because they offered odd waist size -LRB- 35 -RRB- and other places did n't . Perfect fit !
 Found these to be a great fit , they are very nicely styled , and are comfortable to wear . Love the jeans and the color .
 I bought these jeans as a X'mas gift for a relative , and it was exactly what he expected . Nice fit and durability were the main factors in our brand choice . Seller and process was swift . Will buy again .
 I caught these on sale and it was a great deal , Wrangler is about the only jean I will wear now . Every pair I have ever owned have held up well and lasted quite awhile . Recommended .
 These were a Christmas gift for our son . He really liked them a lot . They fit very well . Will buy again .
 The length and waste is perfect , it is just a little wide but it was my choice the relaxed fit , the cloth is very good and also finishing .
 Placing the order was easy , the price was convenient , the delivery was exactly inside the delay mentionned when I placed the order . Who could ask for more .
 Jeans are as described , fit is good , color is good . All around a good experience . Amazon provided quality service on this order
 Good pair of jeans but stitching not upto the mark as expected from one of the world leaders in jeans mfg.
 These jeans fit extremely well . They wear well , feel good and look good ! For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 These pants are extremely comfortable and the sizing is true . I am a relatively tall person and have a tough time finding jeans in the length I need . These were perfect and arrived on time .
 Bought these for my husband . He needs a 29 &#34; inseam , which is too hard to find in stores . So easy to buy online . He loves the fabric , the fit . Would definitely recommend .
 These are my fisrt pair of Wrangler 's . For 20 years I 've been wearing nothing but Levi 's Silver Tab Baggy 's but when some genious @Levi 's decided to discontinue that line , I had to look for something else . Levi 's brand is getting very poor reviews these days so I decided to check out some other brands . Wrangler 's brand has good reviews so I wanted to give it a try.Very nice quality and look . However , the jeans are tighter than the other brands , so keep that in mind when choosing size . For that reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 .
 After reading the reviews of the various jean brands I decided on the Wrangler Relaxed Fits . As usual , Amazon delivery was super - received on time and properly packaged . There had been some comments from other reviewers about size being a little small . I did not find that at all . I ordered my regular size and the fit was excellent . The jeans are comfortable in all areas and the quality seems to be good . The jeans have not been through the wash cycle yet , so I can not comment on how they 'll stand up to washing . Overall , I would rate them a very good value for the price and a very comfortable fit .
 I 've worn a number of brands over the years -- Lee , Levi 's , HOB/Harbor Bay , and Wrangler . Lee no longer makes relaxed , boot-cut jeans in 38x38 , so I went back to Wrangler . These are terrific jeans -- a little heavier denim , so they last long , and the fit is perfect . They 're just a tad snugger , but not too tight . They fit right over my harness boots ; you definitely want to order your jeans longer if you 're wearing boots and do n't want half the boot to stick out of your pants . I order jeans to wear with boots about 2 inches longer and that seems to work just right .
 The size was correct . There were no defects . Much easier than going to the store for my size . Very pleased .
 I have a number of pairs of Wrangler Jeans . They fit well wear well and Amazon has great prices and selection .
 Right size ; very pleased with selection and fit of jeans . Could not easily find the right size in regular stores .
 Arrived as promised . Highly recommend for anyone who is looking for Wranglers in hard to find sizes . Given as a gift .
 These are great basic jeans in hard to find sizes . My long and lanky teen is hard to fit , so we are glad these are available . They have been washed and dried repeatedly and have held up well .
 I think I might have stumbled upon a new supplier of clothes . I am BIG and TALL and have problems finding clothes at reasonable prices . Well here it is and they fit .
 I have worn Wranglers and these are no different , thank goodness . They give me plenty of room and are very durable.They feel good right out of the box , good heavyweight material .
 Love the fit and feel , very comfortable for a fat man ; pass the gravy . It 's hard to find 44 x 29 pants ; thank you wrangler .
 They fit the way a pair of jeans should . They look and feel like Levi 's -LRB- 501 & 505 -RRB- used to and wished they would again . But since Levi 's do n't I tried these . Happy . Except the rear pockets end a little too high up on the ass .
 BIG AND TALL MEN ... . I ordered these for my husband in 46x36 Black Denim ... very hard to find bigger sizes especially length , Price was excellant , jeans were excellant . Would recomend highly . Fast shipping .
 The size was perfect and the jeans was very comfortable and good looking but the two parts -LRB- the things that you put the belt in , i dont know what it is called -RRB- are two close to the bottom and they are really annoying when you put the belt on them .
 Just saw a news report about Wrangler rebuilding their Alabama manufacturing plant after it was destroyed by a tornado . Their commitment to US jobs and their employees makes me proud to buy Wrangler jeans -- way to go Wrangler !!!!
 They are all around just a great pair of jeans . Comfortable , rugged and look just as good with a sweatshirt as they do with a sportscoat . And yes , as the commercial says , they do make my tired old butt look good .
 Convenient and comfortable jeans . Color corresponds to the specified . Material soft and dense , sit perfectly . The size corresponds to what you carry even if slightly hard as was at me , in 3-5 days slightly stretched and everything fell into place . Why 4 instead of 5 stars - an asymmetrical seam on one trouser-leg . For the price - excellent purchase , I recommend .
 Good fit for the extremely lean and tall guy . What 's frustrating is that I used to get the 30x34 size at WalMart for $ 15 and now have to pay double since they do n't carry them in their stores anymore !
 these are a good deal and saved me going to a store to buy them ca n't wait for summer so that I can fit into them
 Value and well fitting jeans . Have owned this style before wear and wash well without shrinking . I give them five stars .
 I 've worn Levi 's for 30 + years , they have always been my jean of choice , part of the reason was their fit + finish , and the other part was cultural - they are simply the brand you wear . I 'm not sure what prompted me to try these Wranglers , but I am glad I did . The denim seems heavier , the fit is comfortable and the price is right . Great jeans .
 Good quality product . The inseam is often longer than labeled and I had to return the first two pair before getting ones that were correctly marked . This same thing happened on a previous order . The legs , waist and crotch are well tailored . However , the back is cut lower and the seat is tighter than any other relaxed fit jeans I 've worn . This is probably not a very good choice if you are a candidate for the old butt-crack sight gags .
 Bought this as a gift for my husband . He loves them ; wears them all the time . I would recommend them .
 The jeans were a little more expensive than the walmart price , but Iwas able to get the size I wanted . That is important to me .
 Love the jeans and could n't be happier that I have found a source of the sizes and styles I want .
 I was looking for something to wear on my off days as All the other clothes I have are t-shirts and work-related . These fit great , look great and seems as if they will last a long time . I ca n't really complain too much as the price makes it work .
 These are the most comfortable longest lasting jeans I 've ever owned . I bought three pair about 4 years ago and I am still wearing them . Great Jean !
 I wear jeans almost every day to work , so I need jeans that will stand up to regular wear . These jeans definitely fit that bill . I recently noticed a hole in a pair that I had bought previously and tried to find them in my Amazon order history to order more ... it had been two years ! Jeans that last two years are always bargain.The ` antique indigo ' color is my personal favorite ; it has a look of slightly worn denim . Comparing the color of the new jeans to the old , the color stands up to wear and washing quite well.Overall , I would highly recommend the Wrangler jeans to anyone .
 Awesome fit ! They 've very durable ! I have already put them to good use and they 're holding up great . A little bit heavy to wear for casual use , but if you work or plan on getting dirty , these Jeans can stand up to the job !
 These jeans are a very good fit . As all of Wrangler jeans , they look good and wear very well . The only thing to be aware of is the depth of the pockets makes it a little difficult to find and remove an object , especially if you are sitting down .
 Love these jeans . They are cheap , yet durable and very comfortable . Would recommend to anyone : -RRB-
 I purchased therse jeans primarily for work . But these jeans are fine for casual wear . Wrangler Rugged Wear is no joke ... They really are .
 I have worn these jeans forever there the only brand i buy very durable comfortable . shipped right on time .
 Well-constructed jeans of heavy , high-quality denim for less ... how can you go wrong ? Levi 's lost their cachet years ago , never mind the loss in quality . Wrangler , Carhartt and a few small companies have been making the best jeans by far for the last couple of decades . In my opinion , Wrangler is the best of them , and for those to whom it makes a difference , continues to be a strong supporter of traditional cowboy culture and values .
 Having reached an age when my middle is expanding -LRB- slightly -RRB- despite all of the exercise and dieting I can do , it was great to be able to find jeans that fit on-line . The relaxed fit is just my style.For 40 years , I 've been wearing a 34x34 ; lately , they 're just a bit tight . Very few -LRB- if any -RRB- stores carry 35 '' waist , and the 36 '' are just too big.So I was pleased to find comfortable jeans in my size . They look great , feel great , and were delivered as promised . -LRB- Extra bonus
 The fabric is nice and substantial and promises long wear . Very comfortable and great fit . I 've always loved Wrangler jeans and from now on I will look specifically for the Rugged Wear Wranglers .
 product was delivered in excellent time , jeans would sell for much more than I paid for them in a store . they are an excellent purchase and I am very satisfied with them .
 ... jean for $ 14.99 ! What 's wrong ? One leg longer?NO . They are top quality jeans at rock-bottom pricing . Man !!!! They fit perfectly and look good.I 'll buy six pairs at these prices , instead of one or two pair , every month or two when I need to replace my jeans . Amazon ... do n't stop selling these as I will keep you in business . Plus , I am getting the word out there for you !!!
 Various brands and styles of jeans fits people differently , and that 's just the plain truth about the matter . For me , I 've found that these jeans , in relaxed fit , are just what I like to wear . Matter of fact , I wo n't even look at other jeans anymore or anywhere else . I do n't know what I 'd do if Amazon quit carrying this product ... go naked I guess .
 Wranglers have always been my favourite jeans . The price here at Amazon is the best . Took a while to arrive , but the fit is perfect , they last , and are always my most comfortable pants . I 'm sometimes tempted to be trendy and try a pair of `` designer '' jeans , but then I get into my old faithful wranglers , and that thought passes ! I 'm also a 38 '' inseam , and these jeans are a TRUE 38 '' It 's great to have pants that fit correctly in the length !
 Most comfortable Jeans I 've had in a very long time . Will continue to buy wrangler items based on this experience .
 The length options for these jeans goes above and beyond any store . You 're lucky to find 32 length in stores , let alone 34 's . My husband is quite tall & really likes the way these jeans fit and the length is perfect .
 My dear Husband is a little on the Big side & also tall . these jeans are available in his size - are comfortable for him - but not sloppy . The material is a substantial weight - so they are good for working in the shop or garage . The only down side is the colors - we 'd like a darker indigo - pre-washed . that 's a very small - . this is the pair of jeans we can count on to fit , and last a long time .
 Wrangler jeans are the best for me . Great fit , price and they arrived as scheduled . I would recomend to everyone .
 I like the belt rings , a lot of jeans have rings so far out the belt slides all over the place . These are nice . I 'd buy them again . They fit great and stretch in the right places to keep the boys happy : o -RRB-
 These jeans were just as advertised . They arrived earlier than forecast . Cheaper than buying the same product from the store . I am a big guy , and getting my size can be hard - big waist , short legs - and I always have to get them shortened . These were perfect out of the box , no tailoring required .
 For value , IMHO this is a worth the price . I 'd read the earlier review and ordered a slightly larger fit . The pockets are quite deep and overall if it does n't shrink too much , I 'll will order more .
 I bought him these after Casual Male black Jeans fell apart at the seams . like a month later . He works he theatre doing sound . so he carries things in his pockets & it rugged . but they are comfortable they move with him if he has to bend . I would recommend this product .
 I find it strange to have Rugged Wear jeans have washing directions to use cold water and low heat in the dryer .
 These pants are great . Good price as well . I have stonewashed and black ant they fit well . Do n't have to go looking for my size .
 Product quality is good . . is according to the price paid . . recommend this product is just what I needed
 delivered fast no issues . Not a bad deal for the price ! I just needed something to wear to work on Friday dress down . I did n't want to buy designer denim untill I loose 10 more inches . LOL
 I went with 5 stars I bought them for my son because his size is difficult to find locally . I got them in a timely fashion
 I bought these jeans for my husband . They look nice and the quality is good . He says they are a little tighter in the waist than the jeans he 's been wearing . Overall , though , they are good jeans for the price paid .
 I am not a Jeans person . This is the first pair I have had since I was a kid and they fit great and they are going to be a great knock around the house , yard etc pair of slacks . Wish they came in other colors like brown .
 My husband has always had short legs . He wears a 29 in length . I drove all over to Walmart , Kmart , Pennys , Boscovs no one had 36w29L jeans . My daughter suggested Amazon . I found them and ordered 4 pairs . My husband has never worn Wrangler , but now he loves them , they are a perfect fit and comfortable also . I will be shopping at amazon first from now on .
 Title says it all Best jeans I 've ever owned . Even accidently washed them in hotter water then recommend with no adverse affects . rpm
 I can never find the right size of jeans for me in the store . So I decided to try buying jeans online . Got a great price and exactly the size and style I wanted . Not what some buyer decided to put on the rack at the local store . I like the classic look of this pair of jeans . They look just like the pictures . I 've owned previous Wrangler jeans before and have had good luck with their durability .
 I bought these jeans for my husband . They were a great price . The fit is wonderful and he loves them .
 I felt I received very good notification of the shipping and the jeans I order , I was very pleased with .
 I bought more than one of these items because as soon as I got the first one I saw the good quality/price ratio , which I guess is the strong aspect of these jeans . I have not found anything bad in them !
 I have been wearing Wrangler jeans my entire life . I like the relaxed fit becuase it gives your legs some breathing room without being `` baggy . '' I can always trust Wrangler Jeans to fit me the same every time and do n't need to `` try them on '' first . A top quality product that I will continue to buy the rest of my life .
 I 've been unable to get jeans locally that fit correctly for the past 2-3 years , so ordering these Wranglers directly from Amazon.com was a last resort . They fit perfectly -- at 2/3 the cost of jeans I could find in stores , and of superb quality -LRB- like the Levis from the '70s -RRB- . Excellent .
 Quite nice jeans and the perfect Size that was ordered . No alterations needed ... Very Dark Rich Black Soft 100 % Cotton Jeans . Fit well and pleasant to wear . Not scratchy or stiff as Levis . Also very good price . Close to $ 18 BELOW Big And Tall Levis Pricing . Buy em again ... why You betcha ... Wrangler from now on ... Oh by the way ... Levis Poly/Cotton Blend and Imported also ... What would John Wayne say ... Cheers -LCB- : o -RRB-
 My hubby is plus size and found the jeans to be comfortable ... after several washes the color is still true black :--RRB- highly recommended
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 We bought two of these masks to use in a party for our children . The customer service was excellent from the maker of the handmade mask , and the masks themselves were fierce ! We will use them again in the future , worth every penny .
 This mask is great . We made a 7 foot abominable snowman and used this mask on the head . perfect .
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 Carhartt anything is the work-wear of choice for a lot of the construction workers around town in Boston , so you know it 's durable and practical . The sweatshirts are practically a uniform in early spring and in the fall , especially in odd colors like blaze orange.I got mine from a friend of a friend who forgot his at my house , and it 's the most wonderful , cozy piece of clothing I own . I live in it every weekend . My mother borrowed it while I was home visiting , and now I 've had to get one for her , as well . These really are the perfect thing to wear on a rainy day when you 're curled up on the couch , or when it 's raw and windy but not quite freezing outside.The Carhartt label seems to be gathering the cachet that Dickies had a few years ago , and you 'll see it worn by a lot of semi-ironic post-collegiate hipsters , but do n't let that deter you from buying something that 's well-made , warm , and comfortable . It 's quite good whether you plan to wear it for serious work or serious vegetating .
 High quality beauty at a very good price . My husband loves it .
 Cap was exactly what I was looking for , and exactly as described . Shipping was speedy . Very pleased .
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 These are adorable on , and really comfortable . If you wear low-rise anything these are the perfect pair of underwear . The only thing you can not wear them with are tight cotton items , and that is simply because of the texture . Good fit and feel !
 I very like it . It looks so sexy , not spiny , but size on a leg area is little short for me .
 I 'm short and heavy and this worked perfect ! It fit wonderfully and did feel sort of stretched out after I wore it twice , but I think a quick throw in the dryer for a few seconds would tighten it back up . Overall very , very happy with this purchase .
 My girl loves it but you have to be careful with it ... anything more than a hand wash -LSB- or a very delicate cleaning cycle -RSB- and you may rip the mesh of it . Nice overall though ; she looks great in it !
 Cap was exactly what I was looking for , and exactly as described . Shipping was speedy . Very pleased .
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 Bag was shipped very quickly , got it on time . Quality is very good . Looked exactly as it was descibed and pictured .
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 I 've been using this wallet for a little over a year and I 've been very pleased with it . It 's exactly the size I need and fits everything I like to have in a wallet . The only downfall is the zipper for the change pocket . It just does n't stay closed . It 's usually not a problem if I do n't have a lot of change but if there 's a day when I have a lot of change it usually ends up all over the bottom of my purse . For some reason the zipper does n't stay closed if there 's a lot of change in the pocket . Oh well , it 's usually a reminder to use the change !
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 i only ordered this for part of my halloween costume , and i was satisfied with it , the thing that sucked was that the UPS guy always left notices at my apt . saying he stopped by , but i made sure to be home to sign for it . . so after 3 tries , i finally caught him leaving my front step -LRB- the day before halloween -RRB- and i was happy to have my sweater , but once i opened it up upstairs i realized there 's a giant fold in the middle of it , it was good for my costume , but after halloween , i wanted to wear it for normal purposes , so i washed it , then that same fold in the middle of it was still there . . it 's annoying , but whatever , i only wanted it for a one time purpose anyway .
 Just got the sweater today . Love the look , the fit is tight in all the right places . The sweater is also very warm . If you you have a `` V '' shape body , this is for you . If your the rounder `` O '' type of shape , I would consider a snuggie instead .
 I was very pleased with the quality of the sweater . I 'm a size 44R , and I ordered a large . It looks good , but the only issue is that it is slightly too long and has an excess amount of room around the waist . This causes noticeable overlapping at the waist , creating the appearance of a bit more girth than exists , lol . I think I 'm going to order a medium and see if it remedies that issue . Otherwise , it 's a great quality sweater , especially at this price .
 Just what I was expecting . I 'm a size 44 and the large size fits perfectly . I 've had acrylic sweaters before and they wear like iron . This seems no different , Seems well made , warm and durable . Very happy with the purchase ,
 I have to admit I knew what I was getting when I ordered this . I knew it would just look HOT on my boyfriend , and it does . This is the perfect sweater for a man with a muscular upper body . It shows the shape very well . Sometimes sweaters make a man more round , not this one ... highly recommended
 This Sweater is very comfortable is special for Winter . If you are in good shape this is for you , if you are overweight it is not for you .
 I own two of these , one black , one navy . I 've found them to run a little small , but they stretch enough after a few wears . I 'm happy with the large and think the extra large would be too big .
 The fabric is nice , its a little baggy so you might want to size down to make sure you can wear it under something without looking like you are going give birth .
 The material and craftsmanship appear to be of good quality . The sweater fits as expected . I am happy with this product .
 This is the classic , military-style sweater ; the sleeves are long enough to roll out at the cuff and the waist is long enough to roll under at the end . The material is not as irritating as wool but I still like a long-sleeve T-shirt under it . The patches at the shoulders and elbows make it wear well and give it the GI issue look . An excellent choice .
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 THIS SHIRT IS TIGHT LOOKS GOOD HAS ITS OWN APPEAL AND WILL STAND OUT AMONG A SEA OF LOOK ALIKES . I REALLY LIKE MOST OF THE FASHION FROM THIS UP AND COMING COMPANY `` ARTDECO '' CHECK 'EM OUT HERE OR THEIR WEBSITE .
 I get nervous when I 'm not dealing with Amazon directly but these guys are very credible . They had prompt service and delivery . I would do business with them again .
 I am so happy to see the AD brand to be sold in a mainstream store like Amazon . I already have this and two more shirts from the same designer
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 I 'm not the bikini or thong type . I like comfort . I originally bought a pair of these briefs at a travel store when I went to China , so when necessary I would be able to launder them at night and wear them again the next day -LRB- they dry quickly -RRB- . I have discovered that they are also great for working out , or for day wear in the middle of the hot , humid summers here , as the fabric wicks moisture away from the body . I have five or six pair and probably will buy more .
 My best friend and I are never happier than when we are hiking , kayaking , or show shoeing . The only thing we ever wished for other than a super lightweight tent , which has n't been invent yet , is hiking underwear that promises all the things our other garments do . Ex Officio women 's briefs are all this and more . We 've tried cotton -LRB- yuck -RRB- , silk , we 've even tried various bathing suit bottoms . On one of her trips to the US my friend saw Ex Officio briefs for the first time . They are all she talked about for two months , that and the fact that she should have bought a pair . I ordered her a pair for her birthday in August . She still talks about them all the time , how they feel like she does n't even have any on , how dry she feels all the time , how she wishes she had a whole drawer full , how she wishes she could go to 17 countries just to spread the word about them . I am so jealous now that I 'll be ordering some for myself . Truly a 5 star item .
 I bought the nude , full-cut brief for workouts . Great wicking when biking or running and dries quickly as claimed . Well constructed and correctly sized . Worth the price and have bought several pairs .
 Ca n't even tell you 're wearing them . Fast drying . I do a lot of backpacking for multiple days and find they dry very quickly after washing .
 I purchased two pairs -LRB- white and nude -RRB- for a 10 day trip . They stay in place and true to size . Easy to wash out and dries over night .
 These undies are perfect for travel , and for wearing under white pants.They are easy to wash in a hotel sink , then hang dry overnight . I made a 15 day trip with four pair of these , and I could have probably done it with two pair.The undies are soft and comfortable , and breathe to keep you cool in hot weather . I like the `` granny pant '' style , but my grown daughters are happy with the bikini style from this same line of undies .
 I LOVE these underwear . There does not exist a more comfortable pair of underwear . Ideal for hiking and other exercise , long plane/car trips , and every day . Breathable . These are the only underwear I use now .
 I loved , is so hot and sexy ! is very good for a night &#34; sexy &#34; , i recommend this product for your relationship
 CON
 Cap was exactly what I was looking for , and exactly as described . Shipping was speedy . Very pleased .
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 Ordered this for a gift . Great quality , nice colors , and fit nicely too !
 Made of soft and stretchable cotton fabric . The words are funny , and the size is appropriate -LRB- unlike some other less-known brands -RRB- . Overall the product is pretty good . The fabric is fairly thick so maybe warm for summer time .
 Tallan super bien , son frescos y duraderos , el color gris no me gusta , preferiria un color mas alegra , por lo demas todo bien .
 1 - These are very soft2 - Are a little on the wide side ... longer length would have been preferred .
 We LOVE the Luvable Friends brand in our house . They 're really inexpensive -LRB- great for daycare and for undershirts -RRB- , so it 's no big deal if they get stained or worn . Lovable Friends bodysuits/onesies are a soft and thick material - better than I expected for the price . One thing to note is that they run a little big -LRB- wide -RRB- around the neck , but we actually PREFER that , since our daughter gets very fussy when we try to put on/take off a shirt with a tight neck . I do think they get a little stretched out after a few wears , but I did n't notice any shrinking -LRB- could be that I wash baby clothes in cold/gentle cycle -RRB- . They also run a little big , so you might want to get a size smaller if you want it nice and snug . Overall , GREAT shirts for the low price , and they ship quickly , too !
 They can work for hot weather and they are not too thick but they look nice and have cute messages on them . I dont necessarily want to put the one that says big trouble on my daughter because I believe that children become what you label them . OTehr than that the pack is fine .
 The quality of these items are ok . It is cool to wear for baby especially when the time is hot . It is value for money so I would recommend it .
 These outfits are awesome . I have an 8 month old boy at 20-21 lbs that fits decent in the 12-18 month size . He still has plenty of room length wise to grow into . I fully recommend this product .
 I purchased these bodysuits in size 3-6 months , b4 my little one was born . She is now 91/2 months and they still fit . She weighs 22lbs , is 26 '' , and most people comment on how BIG she is . These are awesome , mark my word ! They wash well and are super cute . I still can not believe that of all her other bodysuits , these are the only ones that I am still able to snap at the crotch . The openings in the arm are a little snug , but when I stretch them b4 dressing her they open right up and stay that way.Again 5 ***** from me .
 the items arrived on time , were exactly as described , fit well , and seemed to be constructed well . I would purchase items from the manufacturer again .
 I 'm happy with this purchase . I love this little bodysuit and the sayings are very funny .
 These are really cute . VERY THIN . so not for cold weather . and they run big . My toddler has grown out of even 18 month clothes of some manufacturers and these are still big on him -LRB- 18mos -RRB- . So plan for not shrinking , and bigger than you think .
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I bought two pairs of these for my yoga practice but they have become my favorite pant to relax in at home . They are long , I had to hem mine -LRB- I am five foot four inches tall , size medium -RRB- . I love the comfortable fit and they are perfect for yoga , love that stretch !
 Nice product , but it would have been much better if it were offered in tall sizes .
 I thought these were going to be too small when I got them but they fit very nice !
 I love these pants i bought them for working out they are a great find for the price the fit is perfect .
 These are basically plain black yoga pants but they fit fine , are good quality and have washed fine without shrinking . It 's hard to rhapsodise about them but they are more than adequate .
 I agree with all the reviews that say these pants are looooong and very friendly for long-legged women . I 'm 5 '10 and proportionate and I love these pants . The fabric is thin but I do n't think of them as `` cheap '' as some people say - it 's great ventilation ! I usually wear capris b/c I 'm tall and hate high-waters AND I tend to heat up very easily , BUT these pants were thin enough I pulled up the bottoms/legs ONLY towards the end of my intense workout . Buy them and viola , no more high-waters !
 These pants are nice fitting , long length and well constructed and very very comfortable ! T
 I read reviews for this product that helped me decide to buy . . very accurate ! The length is perfect - I am 5 ' 6 '' ish and they are just a little long with my running shoes so I roll them up . . then at yoga I leave as is . Perfect - I am ordering another pair !
 These are perfect trousers in my opinion . The material is supple , heavy enough to be good quality but not too thick that they do n't breathe , so to speak . I am 5 ' 6 &#34; and the length is just right . They come up to a comfortable place on my middle . They are just what I was looking for .
 I was looking for some exercise pants to fit my legs . I usually need at least a 32 '' inseam and these fit the bill . My only concern is the fabric is a little thin and they might not last very long .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 I 'm a west coast longshoreman so I spend a lot of time outdoors in cold weather . I 've purchased uncountable brands and styles of `` long johns '' over the years and will say that these are the most comfortable and durable I 've ever owned .
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Cap was exactly what I was looking for , and exactly as described . Shipping was speedy . Very pleased .
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 i liked this dress because i am over weight and this is a maternity dress but not look like one on or off.the material is very nice and not so thin u have to wear a slip . i highly reckomend this , pregnant or not .
 The product was absolutely as advertised and better , great quality and service from frank Bee Uniforms!Thanks and I will shop again !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Purchased a t-shirt for my Teen-daughter . Arrived rapidely and the quality of the shirt is really good . She loves it.Ecko Red - Sweetheart Tee -LRB- FREE Priority Mail Shipping -RRB- -LRB- Purchased on 01/08/2008 -RRB-
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 This is one sexy piece of lingerie . It looks great , the color is hot -LRB- pink -RRB- , and the fitting is perfect . My wife says it 's very comfortable too . Great price for superb lingerie !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 ordered these for my husband who is 6 ' 5 '' . he normally wears a size 14 shoe but since these were slippers , i went a size up and ordered the size 15 . they fit perfectly . he likes them so much , he 's been wearing them around town to run errands . delivery was on time . packaging was standard . product is well-made . will order again in a few years if they 're still available .
 I have purchased this exact prodect 5 times over the years . The construction is great , comfortable , durable . However , this time the insole is much thinner . I purchased it to replace the prior worn out pair - did n't provide the support I needed , as it had for over a year or so of nearly daily use . I expected the new pair to be thicker , more support , similar to the new product as purchased in the past . However , it is barely thicker than the worn out previous pair . I suspect this is simply the company following suit with the rest of society with a cheaper product - save a buck by putting less material into it .
 These slippers are very comfortable and after having worn them for a month I have decided that they should be long lasting compared to most I 've purchased . True to size . Nice weight - not too heavy even with the tough outsole .
 These are great slippers and I would highly recommend them to anyone . True size fitting , comfortable and warm .
 Just what I was looking for - my husband wanted warmth , sturdy soles and a style easy to step into and out of . Well made , hand cleanable , these slippers should last for years ! Could only wish for 1/2 sizes - 9 's too small , 10 's too big .
 Got these for my husband , he wears size 13 but with fur taling up space I got him size 14 & it was perfect , enough room . They are warm & easy to slip in & out of . He mostly wears them indoors so they 'll last . Price is better than the known brands .
 A lot of people suggest to buy a size up , and I did , but it turned out the slippers are now too big . I 'm usually a 11.5 and so I decided to order a 12 but it 's too big . It 's a shame because I can tell these are fantastic slippers . Now I have to send them back . Order whatever size you really are ! It 's better to have a snug slipper than a loose one .
 I followed the other reviews and rounded up on my husband 's size . The bigger size fit perfectly . The sole is good enough to go out for the paper and to barbeque on the deck in the weather . The sheepskin makes it possible in winter !
 Ordered these for my hubby and he loves them ! On occasion he needs to go outside and these are great for those special trips . He has even worn them out to dinner on a few occasions . Loves them ! Recommend these slippers .
 i have ordered at least 6-8 pair of these over the years and i love them . most comfortable show you can get . And I usually wear boots all day but i love these around the house
 Really thick cozy lining . Gift for my son , so not yet worn but they look great . Giving 5 stars but will amend if necessary .
 I 've had Tamarac Mocs for a long time ... They have been very comfortable and long wearing . I just recently bought a pair of the slippers reviewed here . Both styles are very high quality.Sizing was a little tricky with the slippers ... . I wear a Sz 12 men 's shoe and assumed from other purchases , that the Sz 12 slippers would be too big . There are no half sizes so Sz 11 it was . They work but they 're more snug than I would prefer . I have been assured they will stretch and loosen . My heel fits OK , but barely.Even though they are snug , they are comfortable and very well made . Other members of my family own and are very pleased with these slippers .
 Looking for a replacement for husbands old faithful sheepskin slippers and chose these . They are fairly priced , well-constructed and husband is happy . What more could one ask ?
 My husband 's closet is littered with the numerous slippers I have bought him , hoping for a nice , roomy , comfy shoe . Christmas was coming and I could n't find anything locally that looked really nice . I came across these and let me tell you they are PERFECT . Beautifully made , comfortable beyond belief , lots of room in the toe part so your toes do n't get squashed . My husband likes them so much I am ordering another pair for when these wear out . If you are looking for COMFORT , these are what you are looking for .
 These slippers came in just a few days after I placed the order , and were exactly what I wanted for my boyfriend ! He loves them , wears them everyday ! Thank you !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I bought these for my son for Christmas -LRB- at his . request -RRB- . He says they are the most comfortable jean he has ever worn . Thanks !
 Great fit and wear so far on these jeans ! Coud n't beat the discount price ! Wrangler still makes a decent jean !
 Premium quality , great fit and look . American made . Word-up dog , diddy diddy bump bump bump meet me in the coral .
 I bought my husband one pair as a ` trial ' based on the commercials showing more `` U Fit Room '' . It is a good plus according to my husband . He has worn them so much I bought a few more and we are cycling out his old tight jeans . They seem to wash well and feel very comfy for him . He likes that he can bend , stretch , get on his motorcycle , etc without any pinching or discomfort . Price is decent too compared to alot of other brands like the Duluth Company -LRB- $ 54 ! -RRB- and Levis -LRB- 35-40 ! -RRB- .
 These jeans are all he will wear . Plus it is hard to find 29 length in some styles . Very soft material is also a plus .
 Got these for my grandson . The size is pretty hard to find ... glad I found them here on Amazon !! Good product . He 's a happy camper with my buy . Hurray for Amazon , Wrangler and Grandma !! Good buy .
 Best pair of jeans he has had so far and they were the perfect size . Can not find these many places .
 I just needed a pair of pants to do everything in and these are just the ticket . Not too tight and not too baggy .
 THese jeans I bought for my husband and he just loves them . I get about four pairs every 6-8 months for him to wear to work for his mechanic job and they are rugged , sturdy and last a good long time when you consider all the wear and tear he puts them through . I think the average man just buying these to wear as jeans and not work pants would not only be satisfied with the quality but also what a value they are in that they last so long . Cowboys have always worn Wranglers and for a good reason-they can take anything you dish out!THe relaxed fit is good for men who have muscular legs since they are a bit more generous in the thigh area but not so much that they make the guys bottom look baggy .
 These are great jeans . 5 pocket , very comfortable , 9 belt loops keeps belt on jeans not on your tummy , wears well and holds up well .
 These jeans are so durable , heavyweight yet very comfortable . I know they will last a long time . My husband wants another pair !
 They arrived very quickly ! And they fit perfectly ! It 's nice to be able to buy pants in the correct length ! For some reason no stores carry shorter lengths -LRB- 28 '' -RRB- . . I 'm very happy with my purchase !
 Jeans arrived in about 2 weeks to Australia . Regular postage . Good quality denim and stiching . Fit perfect for me . Solid man with large thighs . Jeans have long zip . Plenty of belt eyes . Very happy with jeans , better than levis and in my size and correct length . Never going to pay $ 100 retail australia for jeans ever again .
 Was very pleased with these Wrangler jeans . They are well made , and a perfect fit.The design is very good , and they did not shrink with washing . Thank you , Amazon !
 Rugged enough to do lawn care , but dressy enough in black to wear to a casual party . Love wearing my jeans !
 My son is over 6 feet tall and 300 + pounds and it is very hard to get a pair of jeans that fit him properly . Although this is a bit expensive for me as I have to get them shipped to South America , it 's worth it ! Will definitely buy more .
 I 've been wearing Wrangler since I was a teenager . Their comfort , style and durability are just as good as those `` fancy '' jeans I see people going into big name store 's and paying $ 100 or more for ... jeans . What ???? Come on people ... it 's blue jeans ! Blue jeans never go out of style , but the price of blue jeans costing $ 100 or more should go out of style .
 These are my favorite work jeans . They are the most comfortable jeans during a long work day . I have trouble finding these particular style in stores , so I will order them on here from now on . They last quite a while , and do n't develop wear spots in the typical areas . Great jeans at a great price .
 Soy de Caracas-Venezuela y Recomiendo ampliamente a esta vendedor , Muy Buena Calidad , Putualidad en la entrega , Recomendable 100 % , Felicitaciones
 While the brick and mortar do n't typically stock 29 inch inseams I can always seem to find them on line and they fit !
 Its been a while since I purchased these jeans and they are holding up quite fine ; great fade , lots of wear left 2 yrs plus and going strong
 The jeans came in a very short time and were brand new in the package . I am very happy with this purchase !
 After going to all the stores around town I gave up and finally found what I needed , a nice pair of jeans . The right sizes , colors and reasonably priced . I bought three ! Received them faster than I thought I would .
 I bought 2 pairs of the Wrangler Rugged Wear Relaxed Fit jeans -LRB- a lighter and a darker pair -RRB- for my husband and they look fabulous on him . He usually does n't look good in relaxed fit jeans as the seat part sags and the thigh areas are too puffy . And it 's hard finding his size in stores -LRB- 40X34 -RRB- . So I was very hopeful when I saw these jeans on Amazon . I liked the cut and they looked great on the models , so I took my chances . I was not disappointed . They fit my husband beautifully and they 're well-made and durable . I 'll be buying these from now on !
 These jeans fit and are perfect for big guys . They wear like iron and last under daily use . The sizing is dead on accurate . The cut is perfect for the older ` wide body ' wearers . This is my retirement ` uniform ' and will be until I am no more . Thanks Wrangler , keep this one coming . Do n't change a thing .
 The reason I shopped for Wrangler jeans on Amazon is that it is really hard for me to find my size where I live . -LRB- Which is completely stupid because I live in a suburb of Los Angeles ! -RRB- Perhaps I am not looking hard enough but with Amazon I do n't need to spend a bunch of time looking for jeans.Knowing your size is really important if you do n't want to end up getting very familair with your post office sending something back . However as a jeans shopper you should know that already.I love Wrangler quality and consistency . I hope they continue to keep up both ! The jeans come exactly as I expect them to be and the best part is they get here super fast ! I do n't pay for expedited shipping but they still get to me in 3 days which is great!Thank you Wrangler and Amazon!Kris Orange
 Excellent pair of jeans , bought from amazon because I am a hard to find size . Jeans are comfy , do n't shrink in the wash , and hold up well over time .
 I have worn these pants exclusively since receipt . They have been comfortable where regular fit were n't . The workmanship and materials are great .
 Wrangler jeans are the best qualityfor the price . Good , sturdy jeans .
 These jeans are truly amazing ! Both legs were almost the same length , and they have a zipper in the front which is very convenient . I read the instructions and can now put them on even in the dark . Just fantastic .
 These jeans arrived within the 8 days allotted . They are in great shape and fit perfectly . I highly recommend this site for other users .
 Well made Jeans . I own three pair of Wrangler Rugged Wear angler pants size 32 x 32 that fit me perfectly . All my other dress and casual pants are the same size . When I tried on these jeans I was unable to button them . I would recomend purchasing one size larger waist size . The length was correct .
 ME PARECE UN PRODUCTO MUY BUENO , LO RECOMIENDO . GRACIAS . ENVIO RELATIVAMENTE NORMAL . SIN PROBLEMAS . .
 I 've worn Levi 's for 30 + years , they have always been my jean of choice , part of the reason was their fit + finish , and the other part was cultural - they are simply the brand you wear . I 'm not sure what prompted me to try these Wranglers , but I am glad I did . The denim seems heavier , the fit is comfortable and the price is right . Great jeans .
 Good quality product . The inseam is often longer than labeled and I had to return the first two pair before getting ones that were correctly marked . This same thing happened on a previous order . The legs , waist and crotch are well tailored . However , the back is cut lower and the seat is tighter than any other relaxed fit jeans I 've worn . This is probably not a very good choice if you are a candidate for the old butt-crack sight gags .
 Bought this as a gift for my husband . He loves them ; wears them all the time . I would recommend them .
 The jeans were a little more expensive than the walmart price , but Iwas able to get the size I wanted . That is important to me .
 Love the jeans and could n't be happier that I have found a source of the sizes and styles I want .
 I was looking for something to wear on my off days as All the other clothes I have are t-shirts and work-related . These fit great , look great and seems as if they will last a long time . I ca n't really complain too much as the price makes it work .
 These are the most comfortable longest lasting jeans I 've ever owned . I bought three pair about 4 years ago and I am still wearing them . Great Jean !
 I wear jeans almost every day to work , so I need jeans that will stand up to regular wear . These jeans definitely fit that bill . I recently noticed a hole in a pair that I had bought previously and tried to find them in my Amazon order history to order more ... it had been two years ! Jeans that last two years are always bargain.The ` antique indigo ' color is my personal favorite ; it has a look of slightly worn denim . Comparing the color of the new jeans to the old , the color stands up to wear and washing quite well.Overall , I would highly recommend the Wrangler jeans to anyone .
 Right size ; very pleased with selection and fit of jeans . Could not easily find the right size in regular stores .
 These jeans are a very good fit . As all of Wrangler jeans , they look good and wear very well . The only thing to be aware of is the depth of the pockets makes it a little difficult to find and remove an object , especially if you are sitting down .
 Love these jeans . They are cheap , yet durable and very comfortable . Would recommend to anyone : -RRB-
 I purchased therse jeans primarily for work . But these jeans are fine for casual wear . Wrangler Rugged Wear is no joke ... They really are .
 I have worn these jeans forever there the only brand i buy very durable comfortable . shipped right on time .
 Well-constructed jeans of heavy , high-quality denim for less ... how can you go wrong ? Levi 's lost their cachet years ago , never mind the loss in quality . Wrangler , Carhartt and a few small companies have been making the best jeans by far for the last couple of decades . In my opinion , Wrangler is the best of them , and for those to whom it makes a difference , continues to be a strong supporter of traditional cowboy culture and values .
 Having reached an age when my middle is expanding -LRB- slightly -RRB- despite all of the exercise and dieting I can do , it was great to be able to find jeans that fit on-line . The relaxed fit is just my style.For 40 years , I 've been wearing a 34x34 ; lately , they 're just a bit tight . Very few -LRB- if any -RRB- stores carry 35 '' waist , and the 36 '' are just too big.So I was pleased to find comfortable jeans in my size . They look great , feel great , and were delivered as promised . -LRB- Extra bonus
 The fabric is nice and substantial and promises long wear . Very comfortable and great fit . I 've always loved Wrangler jeans and from now on I will look specifically for the Rugged Wear Wranglers .
 product was delivered in excellent time , jeans would sell for much more than I paid for them in a store . they are an excellent purchase and I am very satisfied with them .
 ... jean for $ 14.99 ! What 's wrong ? One leg longer?NO . They are top quality jeans at rock-bottom pricing . Man !!!! They fit perfectly and look good.I 'll buy six pairs at these prices , instead of one or two pair , every month or two when I need to replace my jeans . Amazon ... do n't stop selling these as I will keep you in business . Plus , I am getting the word out there for you !!!
 Talla completa el mejor pantal&oacute;n para el trabajo diario , a la vez viste de forma casual . tela excelente , buen dise & ntilde ; o , y calidad .
 This was the easiest way to buy jeans ! Perfect fit and fast service . Did n't have to waste gas shopping the stores .
 According to my wife , who I bought these jeans for , She says , `` These jeans are rugged and roomy . The front pockets are deep . As far as I can tell the design has not changed since I started buying these several years ago . ''
 CUMPLIO CON LAS ESPECTATIVAS PARA LA COMPRA DE ROPA POR INTERNET , LA FACILIDAD PARA LA ESCOGENCIA DELAS TALLAS Y EL MODELO .
 este producto es muy bueno diria q excelente asi que muchas gracias por todo es una buena mercancia y medida esperada
 Arrived as promised . Highly recommend for anyone who is looking for Wranglers in hard to find sizes . Given as a gift .
 These are great basic jeans in hard to find sizes . My long and lanky teen is hard to fit , so we are glad these are available . They have been washed and dried repeatedly and have held up well .
 I think I might have stumbled upon a new supplier of clothes . I am BIG and TALL and have problems finding clothes at reasonable prices . Well here it is and they fit .
 I have worn Wranglers and these are no different , thank goodness . They give me plenty of room and are very durable.They feel good right out of the box , good heavyweight material .
 Love the fit and feel , very comfortable for a fat man ; pass the gravy . It 's hard to find 44 x 29 pants ; thank you wrangler .
 They fit the way a pair of jeans should . They look and feel like Levi 's -LRB- 501 & 505 -RRB- used to and wished they would again . But since Levi 's do n't I tried these . Happy . Except the rear pockets end a little too high up on the ass .
 BIG AND TALL MEN ... . I ordered these for my husband in 46x36 Black Denim ... very hard to find bigger sizes especially length , Price was excellant , jeans were excellant . Would recomend highly . Fast shipping .
 these things look very good , they feel good and they last . not to mention that the price is far lower than it is in the store . i highly recomend them .
 The size was perfect and the jeans was very comfortable and good looking but the two parts -LRB- the things that you put the belt in , i dont know what it is called -RRB- are two close to the bottom and they are really annoying when you put the belt on them .
 Just saw a news report about Wrangler rebuilding their Alabama manufacturing plant after it was destroyed by a tornado . Their commitment to US jobs and their employees makes me proud to buy Wrangler jeans -- way to go Wrangler !!!!
 Convenient and comfortable jeans . Color corresponds to the specified . Material soft and dense , sit perfectly . The size corresponds to what you carry even if slightly hard as was at me , in 3-5 days slightly stretched and everything fell into place . Why 4 instead of 5 stars - an asymmetrical seam on one trouser-leg . For the price - excellent purchase , I recommend .
 Good fit for the extremely lean and tall guy . What 's frustrating is that I used to get the 30x34 size at WalMart for $ 15 and now have to pay double since they do n't carry them in their stores anymore !
 these are a good deal and saved me going to a store to buy them ca n't wait for summer so that I can fit into them
 Value and well fitting jeans . Have owned this style before wear and wash well without shrinking . I give them five stars .
 I am gaining weight . But this pair does n't make me look as though I have . Its roomy and comfortable , even if I bend over it does n't ride up my back side . Going to get other dungarees like this . Just hope it hold it size when washed .
 I hate shopping for clothes . Finding my size even in well stocked clothing stores like Target or the Gap really frustrates me . Using Amazon 's sizing table , these Wrangler Jeans fit just fine . I also purchased a pair of nominally the same size jeans from L.L. Bean online . Overall quality of L.L. Bean exceeds that of Wrangler , but sizing -- my main complaint -- did not match Wrangler 's spot-on fit . Both pair will likely give years of service .
 I purchased several pair of these jeans for my husband for Christmas . He loves them . I received them in a timely manner too .
 The fit of these is so good . The waist is a true size and the seat has just enough room .
 These jeans are just as described ; a little heavier than normal but very comfortable . Delivered on time and without a problem .
 Jeans fit great . They are exactlly as advertised . ON line purchase is great for the longer lengths I need .
 I was afraid to buy the pants on-line . But I got it in my house , it fits perfectly , better than at the store . My size is very uncommon in the stores , and I often have to buy it in small sizes because they do n't usually have it in stock.Right now I will be more at Amazon.com.Recommended.You can buy with no worries .
 It is nice to get exactly what you expect . I use to purchase this product from a local retailer who no longer carries this size . Happy to find that it is still available .
 Service from Amazon was , as usual , exemplary . These are really comfortable , well-fitting , and correctly sized , which can be a problem in today 's market . Great price , also . Definitely recommend .
 the are the 4th pair of jeans I have purchased the the value is outstanding . If I ever need another pair I will be back .
 My husband has always had short legs . He wears a 29 in length . I drove all over to Walmart , Kmart , Pennys , Boscovs no one had 36w29L jeans . My daughter suggested Amazon . I found them and ordered 4 pairs . My husband has never worn Wrangler , but now he loves them , they are a perfect fit and comfortable also . I will be shopping at amazon first from now on .
 Love these jeans and always will . Been wearing these for over thirty years . I still wear a pair that I have had for over ten years . I highly recommend the Wrangler brand .
 Jeans fit really good , especially as hard to fit as I usually am due to being tall . Appreciate the quality and appearance .
 I 've wore wrangler for a long time and it is a quality made product . I love them . Tough and rugged
 Not as sturdy as I 'd hoped , but they do the job . The pocket that my husband keeps his wallet in has started to deform and get thinner where his wallet presses against it , but other than that they are fine . Very sturdy construction and reinforced seams are a plus .
 But after wearing them twice , they loosened up . So , I think I will but them again in the future . ok
 Hubs wanted some more of these jeans for Christmas . Since he has retired they have become his everyday pants . The fabric is soft enough to be comfortable and they fit him just right . We will be getting more of these in the future .
 Properly sized for a change . A lot of jeans these days are not properly -LRB- consistently -RRB- sized . Wrangler seems to be the exception .
 For value , IMHO this is a worth the price . I 'd read the earlier review and ordered a slightly larger fit . The pockets are quite deep and overall if it does n't shrink too much , I 'll will order more .
 I bought Levi 's for years because `` thats what I was supposed to do '' ... now that I have grown up I have realized that price does not make a good pair of jeans.I am now and exclusive Wrangler jeans person.The fit is spot on , and the price is very reasonable.The cost is below what the jeans are worth.I have bought from Amazon and from Wrangler direct.ALWAYS is the fit the same ... perfect ... and I do not feel like I paid for some execs summer island home in order to wear them.I buy Wrangler as long as they stick to their current way of thinking ... good products at a fair price .
 Great fit and comfort . My only complaint is the change pockets . I use a small cell phone that easily fits in the change pockets . The attachments no longer have rivets , and the change pockets have easily torn on all 3 pairs of these I have . Otherwise the quality is fine .
 These jeans a a big fitting and comfortable at the same time . I hate skinny jeans and always go for relaxed fit . These jeans are comfortable and sturdy unlike some other brand jeans . If you need a pair of jeans then look no further as Wrangler have done it again .
 Am very happy with this purchase of Wrangler Relax Fit Jeans . Very hard to find plus sizes here in Honduras , and so pleased that they are as advertised . Perfect , Thank-you .
 These are my second pair of these Wranglers . I wear these daily to work and they are very comfortable . I like the loose fitting feel to keep me comfortable during the long work day .
 I NEED A PAIR OF GOOD JEANS ANYWAY i COULD NOT FIND JEANS MY SIZE SO I TOOK A CHANCE AND WAS GLAD I DID THEY FIT GREAT
 These jeans are the best ! They fit really well , they feel very comfortable , and they are very durable . I recently bought these jeans because the Wrangler Rugged Wear jeans I had finally wore out ... After 4 years of working in the desert ! The front pockets are very roomy and the rear pockets can accommodate larger sized men 's wallets . The change pocket is much larger than I 've seen in other brands of jeans and these Wrangler 's fit `` true to size '' . There is no need to worry about getting one size larger or smaller to ensure a proper , comfortable fit . My 36x34 's fit perfectly and they have a great break in the cuff . Additionally , there is plenty of room in the seat , crotch , and the thigh areas . These jeans are a great option for those who like a looser fitting jean . They also look great and are appropriate for anything from rugged outdoor activities to casual days at the office . And compared to other `` designer '' jeans out there , you simply ca n't beat the price . I highly recommend these jeans and I 'm sure you will like them as much as I do !
 Various brands and styles of jeans fits people differently , and that 's just the plain truth about the matter . For me , I 've found that these jeans , in relaxed fit , are just what I like to wear . Matter of fact , I wo n't even look at other jeans anymore or anywhere else . I do n't know what I 'd do if Amazon quit carrying this product ... go naked I guess .
 I am delighted with the purchase -- I teach at a small college and usually depend upon such black jeans to go along with dress shirts . The price , size , quality , and speed of delivery were all excellent . In short , I 'm very pleased .
 I chose a five star because Wrangler jeans are the best fitting ones . My husband likes them better than Levis . They fit better all around . The price is great , ca n't beat it . I would recommend these to anyone who likes a comfortable jean and good looking on top of that .
 I 've been wearing these jeans for the past 30 years , one pair after another . They outlast any jeans i ever wore before that and are comfortable.I do n't wear any other pants , none ... . I even got married in Wranglers , Ha !
 I bought two pair of these jeans for my husband , two different shades and wish they had other shades in his size , particularly his length . Was thrilled to find what I did and with Prime shipping to boot.One pair has been worn , washed , worn again . Second pair is in hamper to be washed for first time . Having been scared off by some reviews here , I did n't dare to put the first pair in the dryer , so they were cold water washed and rinsed and then hung up on bathroom shower rod to dry . Furthermore I used one of those straight plastic hangers -LRB- from something or other we bought -RRB- with the clampy deals on either end , hooked the back waist band to that and hung the jeans from that , which I think helped create a bit more air flow , at least in the waist/seat area . In fact my husband wore them the next day and said they were very very slightly damp some in the legs but not enough to matter . He also said they still felt fine as far as the fit . To play it safe I guess I 'll continue to cold wash and air dry.Rivets , belt loops , all appear intact and well sewn , etc , no problems there . I looked all over them , tugged on the loops , do n't think they are going to pull off anytime soon if ever.Checked the pair in the hamper , and the tag inside says they were sewn in Mexico from US fabric .
 Good quality product , but as more than three times the price . These jeans in a 42x32 can be bought at target for $ 16 , but are only available in sizes up to 44 &#34; waist . I required a 46x32 . The shipping was a bit slow but the product was as advertised . The 4 stars is because the wrangler jeans are well made .
 Quite helpful for my dear husband 's field work . He did n't plow or harvest , but his inspection job did require him to go to some unusual places . He needed this rugged garment .
 It is always a chore to order pants as most companies do n't have a standard size and one maker you 'll need a larger size or longer length . These fix perfectly and are very comfortable .
 Heavy weight material like jeans used to be . Love them !! perfect fit . This is my third time buying them and I usuallybuy three pairs at a time . I live in these pants .
 Nothing wrong with the jeans . I do not think they would do any good to stop an uncomfortable alien probing , but they will work for my terrestrial needs .
 These jeans fit great and they 're very comfortable . Loose fit so you 're not squeezed into them and they do n't ride down your waist .
 Wrangler makes a great pair of somewhat loose fitting rugged , durable jeans for any guy who wants a slightly more relaxed look to their work -LRB- or play -RRB- jeans . Moreover , these jeans are a good choice for people like me who are slightly overweight . They really do give you extra room in the thigh and the seat ; and that 's great!The denim is nice and thick ; and these jeans are extremely durable . The excellent stitching helps make this possible . In fact , these jeans can last for years at a time without any fraying -- even at the bottoms of the legs . They are made from cotton and they are permanent press . However , I would wash these jeans with similar colors to avoid any color dye bleeding onto white garments in the wash or dryer cycle . They say that you should tumble dry these on low ; but I use the permanent press settings on my dryer and that seems to work fine without any problems . They come in five colors , too . Black jeans are even possible in an office where you do n't have to dress too fancy but yet blue jeans just wo n't be allowed , either.Overall , these fine jeans by Wrangler easily rival any jeans made by other manufacturers . Make sure you choose the right size and color for you if you 're using the pricing and availability chart above on this webpage . If you want a pair of loose fitting yet rugged , durable jeans , this may be just what you 're looking for . I doubt that you 'll be disappointed .
 I used to buy Levi 's 550 relaxed fit jeans because they were an American company , but now they are no longer made in America . These Wrangler Rugged Wear jeans are similar fitting and looking as the Levi 's 550 jeans and about half the price , and seem to be a better fabric than Levi 's .
 One reviewer is doing a VERY GREAT disservice to purchasers of this brand of Jeans . I followed his claim that the waist size is 2 inches off and his recommendation that everyone select a size 2 inches larger . I followed his advice , and I now have a pair of jeans that not only do not fit properally , but are in fact 21/2 to 3 inches too big !!! Ignore the `` buy oversize '' claim and buy what your tape measure suggests . Just think , if I loose 10 pounds , my pants will then be 2 entire sizes TOO BIG !
 If you 're like me , a bit on the tall side -LRB- 6 ' 9 '' -RRB- and not skinny -LRB- 320 pounds -RRB- , a 44x38 straight is wearable , but not comfortable . Now , for the first time in years , I can be comfortable while standing , sitting , stooping , squatting , walking , etc. . I wish I had discovered Wrangler Relaxed Fit jeans years ago!Buy a pair or six . They 're not expensive .
 I purchased 3 of these jeans , that were sent to someone . They had the free shipping over $ 25 but he would n't of been living where he was so I had to take the overnight ship which worked out great . He said they fit him perfectly and were extremely comfortable and wash well . Wrangler is a company that has been around forever and I can remember as a child going to the Army and Navy store to buy these jeans . I had originally purchased Lee 's for him because that is what he has always bought but Amazon had problems with the vendor and the stock they had depleted so I went with what I knew and great for the price . He was also very happy they went over his work boots with no problem .
 The wrangler jeans I purchased fit well and was just what I hoped they would be.I take a large size so I was very happy with the selection I made .
 I had been to all the western store trying to find jeans in 40x38 and all I could find was 40x36 . The Big & Tall shops could order 40x38 Wrangler but wanted $ 50.00 a pair . I ride a Royal Star Venture touring motorcycle and these relax jeans are perfect for long rides .
 I love these jeans , only complaint that i have is with the pockets , the jean material doesnt go deep enough down the entrance of the pocket , and the white material of the pocket is visiable . kind of gives it that `` bunny ears look '' but they are a good quality made jean !
 As a rather big guy I have problems to buy suitable clothing . But I found the WRANGLER jeans on this website and I 'm happy with it . Will buy again !
 They fit well . The quality of the material is superb . I like them so much that I purchased a second pair .
 These pants look good on my husband . He prefers boot cut , he says , but he did n't notice they were just a relaxed fit and likes them as well .
 Black Wrangler men 's jeans just look good , feel good , and last for a very very long time . I 'm a pretty large `` fatty '' from WAY BACK !!! My waste is 54 '' . I weigh over 300 lbs . I have a very active hard on clothing job with UPS . These jeans are the ONLY long pants I wear at work . They are comfortable and have proven themselves durable for a VERY LONG time . I really love them .
 What else would you expect from Wrangler ? Jeans are of a high quality and a perfect fit .
 Nice color , nice feel . Size and length accurate . They are very generous as regards relaxed fit ... almost wish they were a little tighter but no big deal . Very comfortable , plenty of belt loops , deep pockets . Excellent jeans.Seller was quick to ship . Will get more ... although a smaller size .
 I bought these for my husband . He asked specifically for them and is very happy with them . They fit perfectly and are a good price .
 Awesome fit ! They 've very durable ! I have already put them to good use and they 're holding up great . A little bit heavy to wear for casual use , but if you work or plan on getting dirty , these Jeans can stand up to the job !
 This is a great product and the service was excellent . From now on I know where to get my Wrangler jeans at a great price and always a great fit .
 These are truly great jeans . They fit very nice and they are really tough . I own 3 pairs .
 The jeans are fine , the packaging for shipment was fine . Amazon did publish the retail price in this instance so that I knew what sort of discount I was getting . I have seen a trend with Amazon though where the item , even new , has the retail price deleted so that if their partner vendors are charging a premium , one does n't immediately know it . I 've curtailed buying from Amazon until I 'm convinced they wo n't be doing this any more . They 're only response to the issue was to tell me to return the item to the vendor which is a cost to me-time and money-might as well go to a brick and mortar store if I 'm going to go through that inconvenience .
 This item wrangler jeans it 's really nice and very comfy for my husband he likes it and I think it 's great jeans for casual wear or even for work ! Not very expensive for a pair of jeans why pay so much for brand if we are comfy with what we think nice and looks good . Wrangler is a brand name that never disappear in this business .
 These jeans are great ! They look nice and they work well for my husband 's tall frame .
 Amazon provides the 29 inch length jeans I wears . The delivery is quick and the packaging is great . Great quality products .
 with typical wrangler durability . I would have like them to be a little bit looser than what I got .
 I live in these jeans . The deep pockets are a detail that make a quality difference in my life.Regarding sizes , jeans are cut by hand , so some slight variation in size can happen .
 Levi 's tend to dominate the jean market for no apparent reason other than hype over the name . Fortunately , there is Wrangler that provides a less expensive , quality product -LRB- no I do n't have any affiliation with Wrangler -RRB- . These jeans are comfortable and sized perfectly . My only complaint is the denim of the front pocket inserts seem a little undersized . This sometime causes the white lining to show a little when you are sitting down.And , of course , they fit properly over your boots . -LRB- Only select Levi 's fit right over boots -RRB- .
 I ordered here because they offered odd waist size -LRB- 35 -RRB- and other places did n't . Perfect fit !
 Good pair of jeans but stitching not upto the mark as expected from one of the world leaders in jeans mfg.
 These jeans fit extremely well . They wear well , feel good and look good ! For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 These pants are extremely comfortable and the sizing is true . I am a relatively tall person and have a tough time finding jeans in the length I need . These were perfect and arrived on time .
 Bought these for my husband . He needs a 29 &#34; inseam , which is too hard to find in stores . So easy to buy online . He loves the fabric , the fit . Would definitely recommend .
 These are my fisrt pair of Wrangler 's . For 20 years I 've been wearing nothing but Levi 's Silver Tab Baggy 's but when some genious @Levi 's decided to discontinue that line , I had to look for something else . Levi 's brand is getting very poor reviews these days so I decided to check out some other brands . Wrangler 's brand has good reviews so I wanted to give it a try.Very nice quality and look . However , the jeans are tighter than the other brands , so keep that in mind when choosing size . For that reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 .
 After reading the reviews of the various jean brands I decided on the Wrangler Relaxed Fits . As usual , Amazon delivery was super - received on time and properly packaged . There had been some comments from other reviewers about size being a little small . I did not find that at all . I ordered my regular size and the fit was excellent . The jeans are comfortable in all areas and the quality seems to be good . The jeans have not been through the wash cycle yet , so I can not comment on how they 'll stand up to washing . Overall , I would rate them a very good value for the price and a very comfortable fit .
 I 've worn a number of brands over the years -- Lee , Levi 's , HOB/Harbor Bay , and Wrangler . Lee no longer makes relaxed , boot-cut jeans in 38x38 , so I went back to Wrangler . These are terrific jeans -- a little heavier denim , so they last long , and the fit is perfect . They 're just a tad snugger , but not too tight . They fit right over my harness boots ; you definitely want to order your jeans longer if you 're wearing boots and do n't want half the boot to stick out of your pants . I order jeans to wear with boots about 2 inches longer and that seems to work just right .
 The size was correct . There were no defects . Much easier than going to the store for my size . Very pleased .
 I have a number of pairs of Wrangler Jeans . They fit well wear well and Amazon has great prices and selection .
 Success with Wrangler Rugged Wear Jeans ! I have finally found jeans that fit someone my size -- 6 ' -2 '' , 275lbs . Fit even better after after a hot water wash and normal dry . Usually finding pants can be impossible with other brands in the 44W 34L size . Either the crotch measurement is too long or short or they seem oddly built . If you are my size you know exactly what I mean . I will be back when these wear out .
 Found these to be a great fit , they are very nicely styled , and are comfortable to wear . Love the jeans and the color .
 I bought these jeans as a X'mas gift for a relative , and it was exactly what he expected . Nice fit and durability were the main factors in our brand choice . Seller and process was swift . Will buy again .
 I caught these on sale and it was a great deal , Wrangler is about the only jean I will wear now . Every pair I have ever owned have held up well and lasted quite awhile . Recommended .
 These were a Christmas gift for our son . He really liked them a lot . They fit very well . Will buy again .
 The length and waste is perfect , it is just a little wide but it was my choice the relaxed fit , the cloth is very good and also finishing .
 Placing the order was easy , the price was convenient , the delivery was exactly inside the delay mentionned when I placed the order . Who could ask for more .
 Jeans are as described , fit is good , color is good . All around a good experience . Amazon provided quality service on this order
 Excellent , durable and very comfortable jeans and reasonably priced . I shall use this brand exclusively from now on.Nothing more needs to be said
 I bought him these after Casual Male black Jeans fell apart at the seams . like a month later . He works he theatre doing sound . so he carries things in his pockets & it rugged . but they are comfortable they move with him if he has to bend . I would recommend this product .
 I find it strange to have Rugged Wear jeans have washing directions to use cold water and low heat in the dryer .
 These pants are great . Good price as well . I have stonewashed and black ant they fit well . Do n't have to go looking for my size .
 Product quality is good . . is according to the price paid . . recommend this product is just what I needed
 delivered fast no issues . Not a bad deal for the price ! I just needed something to wear to work on Friday dress down . I did n't want to buy designer denim untill I loose 10 more inches . LOL
 I went with 5 stars I bought them for my son because his size is difficult to find locally . I got them in a timely fashion
 I bought these jeans for my husband . They look nice and the quality is good . He says they are a little tighter in the waist than the jeans he 's been wearing . Overall , though , they are good jeans for the price paid .
 I am not a Jeans person . This is the first pair I have had since I was a kid and they fit great and they are going to be a great knock around the house , yard etc pair of slacks . Wish they came in other colors like brown .
 Wranglers have always been my favourite jeans . The price here at Amazon is the best . Took a while to arrive , but the fit is perfect , they last , and are always my most comfortable pants . I 'm sometimes tempted to be trendy and try a pair of `` designer '' jeans , but then I get into my old faithful wranglers , and that thought passes ! I 'm also a 38 '' inseam , and these jeans are a TRUE 38 '' It 's great to have pants that fit correctly in the length !
 Most comfortable Jeans I 've had in a very long time . Will continue to buy wrangler items based on this experience .
 The length options for these jeans goes above and beyond any store . You 're lucky to find 32 length in stores , let alone 34 's . My husband is quite tall & really likes the way these jeans fit and the length is perfect .
 My dear Husband is a little on the Big side & also tall . these jeans are available in his size - are comfortable for him - but not sloppy . The material is a substantial weight - so they are good for working in the shop or garage . The only down side is the colors - we 'd like a darker indigo - pre-washed . that 's a very small - . this is the pair of jeans we can count on to fit , and last a long time .
 Wrangler jeans are the best for me . Great fit , price and they arrived as scheduled . I would recomend to everyone .
 I like the belt rings , a lot of jeans have rings so far out the belt slides all over the place . These are nice . I 'd buy them again . They fit great and stretch in the right places to keep the boys happy : o -RRB-
 These jeans were just as advertised . They arrived earlier than forecast . Cheaper than buying the same product from the store . I am a big guy , and getting my size can be hard - big waist , short legs - and I always have to get them shortened . These were perfect out of the box , no tailoring required .
 I used to wear Levi Jeans , but then decided to try a pair Wranglers since they were on sale at a very good price . They are much more comfortable than the Levi Jeans by the way they are designed to fit . Wranglers for me from now on !
 When your pants measurements are 48 '' waist with a 28 '' inseam , it gets a little hard to find cloths that fit . A whole lot of specialty `` Big & Tall '' pants for us big guys are `` custom fit '' for 48 X 28 start life with a 38 '' inseam and are then chopped by ten inches so that you feel like you 're back in the 70 's wearing some bell bottom pants again . Wrangler Jeans does not use this method with their product . They fit well both in the waist and are not too long or big in the legs . This is a great pair of Jeans and I 'll be wearing them for a long time to come . I highly recommend this product .
 HI , ALL THE BIG GUYS LOOKING FOR A PAIR OF JEANS , YOUR SEARCH ENDS HERE.I BOUGHT A PAIR OF WRANGLER MEN 'S RUGGED WEAR RELAXED FIT JEANS , ANTIQUE INDIGO BLUE.WHAT CAN I SAY JUST THAT I HAD A TERRIFIC EXPERIENCE SHOPPING FROM AMAZON.COM , THE PRODUCT WAS AS DESCRIBED AND SHIPPING WAS FAST.ALL I CAN SAY IS , SHOP WITH CONFIDENSE AT AMAZON , YOU WONT REGRET IT .
 I am 5 7 so when I saw these jeans come in a 29 length i ordered them . They were as advertised . I really like the jeans
 I wear blue jeans every day , 365 days a year . So , I obviously wear through jeans at a pretty good pace . A few years ago , I happened across these Wrangler jeans on Amazon , and decided to give them a shot . I have not been disappointed , and they 've been by go-to jeans ever since . These jeans look like good old fashioned jeans . Nothing fancy , and certainly not like a pair of $ 400 `` designer '' jeans . They 're well made , and seem to outlast any similarly priced jeans I 've tried . The `` relaxed fit '' is exactly that - a little extra room , without being baggy or `` gangster '' looking . For a bigger guy like me , who 's carrying a few extra pounds , the relaxed fit much appreciated . Very comfortable . Given the relatively cheap price of these , I 've not found a better deal for jeans that are of this quality , or last this long . Great product for a good price .
 I love these jeans . They are simple and traditional jeans without stretchy material , weird embellishments , funky designs , or strange pockets . Just a simple pair of jeans that fit well , are comfortable , wash easily , and are durable .
 I am very surprised that Wrangler 's made this kind of jean . It look great . The price is awesome compared to others top brands . Wrangler 's is the best in my book . The measure is exactly as expected . It fit very nicely around the waist and not below the waist . The rear pockets sit high , not low that make your pants look too bagging . I have bought two already and waiting for my third set to come in . Again , it is the pants to get .
 My husband does a lot of construction work around the house and is very hard on his jeans . I purchased these pants about 6 months ago and he has been wearing them since . He is very happy with them . They have a nice fit , they are very sturdy and the color if modern . I am pleased with this product and the service . I would purchase from this seller again .
 First off , I can not see how anyone can really fault the solid quality of these jeans , nice thick material with pretty serious looking stitching.The problem I have is in the labelling of the sizes for the jeans I received . I ordered size 38x32 , and the outer paper tag on the delivered jeans did show that size . However , the stitched material label inside the jeans shows 40x30 , as did the peel-off label on the jeans.The jeans are loose on me , so I think the outer tag is wrong -LRB- and therefore I have been shipped jeans a size bigger and a little shorter than I ordered -RRB- . Luckily they kind of fit me , a bit loose really , but quite comfy . I 'm in Australia so I ca n't be bothered with the hassle of returning them anyway.UPDATE . . -------- Well , took a chance and re-ordered some more . This time they arrived labelled as expected , and fit exactly as expected . These are the most comfortable jeans I have ever worn . Guess I was unlucky and got a duff labelled pair first time , always a risk with internet shopping I guess.Anyways , ca n't see myself buying any other jeans than these . BTW , the black looks cool , almost semi-formal . I 'd agree with what someone else said about how you could just about wear them as office gear , if you 're not talking a place where you 're needing to wear a suite .
 What can I say . These are my favorite brand of jeans and these were at a good price and delivered quickly .
 My husband 's job in distribution entails a lot of movement , pushing , pulling , squatting , loading , and constant walking throughout the days . He says these are the most comfortable jeans he owns . The relaxed fit makes movement easy but the jeans are n't baggy . They are true to size and extremely durable .
 best fitting pants i 've had in years - durable and comfortable - ordered multiple pairs and still waiting for last pair , but worth the wait for the price - pricing seems to vary according to order history and stock - got mine for around 23 - 24.00 per pair - on my computer they are now about 39 per pair while a pair 2 in bigger is 24 per pair -- interesting , no ?
 I have not had a pair of Wranglers for many years . Wore them when I was a kid , but somewhere along the line , switched to Levis . I have not been very satisfied with the Levis in recent years , as the material seems ` thinner ' than it once was.So , I decided to try Wranglers again and the generally lower price was an additional attraction . I have been very pleased with the Wranglers I purchased recently . The material feels like it has some substance , but not excessively heavy , the fit is good and I expect to buy Wranglers again when the need arises .
 I have worn Wranglers on and off my entire life . And retirement is no exception.They are rugged , comfortable and easily maintained .
 I am required to wear black jeans for work . My search has ended with the Wrangler Rugged Wear relaxed fit jean . The front pockets are very deep , the zipper is longer than on regular jeans and the fit is roomy . Due to the fact that I wear my jeans once then have to wash them , I ordered a 36x36 instead of my normal 35x34 because they shrink rather quickly at first . The length was long at first but after 2 washes it shrunk down to a nice length . These jeans have 7 belt loops vs the 5 on other jeans , which makes it easier for me since I have alot of stuff attached to my belt for work . I am very please with these jeans .
 Good product . It is an original product of good quality and in perfect condition , I recommend it to all users of amazon.com . thanks
 These are the jeans I wear , I usally buy them at Academy , the size I wear they only stock a few , so I bought them from Amazon , had to pay $ 6.00 more per pair , So price is the only thing bad about this Item .
 Nice jeans for a tall person . Very difficult to locate a a reasonable cost in a store jeans for tall men . Fast delivery and a nice product . We now have ordered two pair of these jeans and will order more in the future . Thank you .
 Title says it all Best jeans I 've ever owned . Even accidently washed them in hotter water then recommend with no adverse affects . rpm
 I can never find the right size of jeans for me in the store . So I decided to try buying jeans online . Got a great price and exactly the size and style I wanted . Not what some buyer decided to put on the rack at the local store . I like the classic look of this pair of jeans . They look just like the pictures . I 've owned previous Wrangler jeans before and have had good luck with their durability .
 I bought these jeans for my husband . They were a great price . The fit is wonderful and he loves them .
 I felt I received very good notification of the shipping and the jeans I order , I was very pleased with .
 We had no problems with the order , and husband does n't want to wear any of his other jeans . They 've held up nicely for a couple of years .
 I bought more than one of these items because as soon as I got the first one I saw the good quality/price ratio , which I guess is the strong aspect of these jeans . I have not found anything bad in them !
 I have been wearing Wrangler jeans my entire life . I like the relaxed fit becuase it gives your legs some breathing room without being `` baggy . '' I can always trust Wrangler Jeans to fit me the same every time and do n't need to `` try them on '' first . A top quality product that I will continue to buy the rest of my life .
 I 've been unable to get jeans locally that fit correctly for the past 2-3 years , so ordering these Wranglers directly from Amazon.com was a last resort . They fit perfectly -- at 2/3 the cost of jeans I could find in stores , and of superb quality -LRB- like the Levis from the '70s -RRB- . Excellent .
 Quite nice jeans and the perfect Size that was ordered . No alterations needed ... Very Dark Rich Black Soft 100 % Cotton Jeans . Fit well and pleasant to wear . Not scratchy or stiff as Levis . Also very good price . Close to $ 18 BELOW Big And Tall Levis Pricing . Buy em again ... why You betcha ... Wrangler from now on ... Oh by the way ... Levis Poly/Cotton Blend and Imported also ... What would John Wayne say ... Cheers -LCB- : o -RRB-
 My hubby is plus size and found the jeans to be comfortable ... after several washes the color is still true black :--RRB- highly recommended
 Large enough to use as an overnight bag.Plenty of space and pockets for everything I need it for.The adjustable straps make for a perfect fit to carry comfortably.Very satisfied .
 This bag is lightweight , attractive , and has plenty of space and compartments for all kinds of gear . The high school kids love it . My only question will be to see if it holds up over time . Backpacks get pretty rough wear here . Jansport products have always performed well for me , but the fabric seems much thinner than that used previously . The shoulder straps make wearing the pack , even full , very comfortable . I think JanSport has done it again . It 's a great pack .
 This is just what it 's described as . A big backpack for students . And , as such , it works wonderfully .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 I have two pairs of these boxer briefs and they are my faves . They feel great , and fit well under bluejeans . They stretch and breath , so you can wear them at the gym too . Oh yeah , they look super hot according to my wife .
 Good quality , and I could ` nt find this shirt anywhere besides here so it was a no brainer .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Brand new and arrived super fast . These socks are great and perfect if you are on your feet a lot . Will order again
 I ordered these for a hiking trip and have been very happy with them . I also bought a pair of the thicker cushion Thorlo hiking socks . Both are great , very comfortable and wear well . I like having both these `` semi-thick '' and the thicker ones depending on the day , the weather and how much cushioning my feet need that day . I plan to get another pair of these in a different color .
 This is a nice light weight sock that is comfortable and not too hot . I would recommend it . I plan to take them on a trip to a hot climate .
 These socks are attractive and well-made with comfortable padding . I was afraid my feet would get too hot while hiking in 85 weather because the socks are pretty thick , but the Coolmax material does its job . My feet were comfy the entire four-hour hike and I had no blisters or soreness . It 's worth noting that these are one of the few kinds of hiking socks offered that contain NO wool , not even Smartwool . This is a bonus to me because my socks wo n't deteriorate with repeated use and washing .
 Just got these last week and they 're great . I 've taken to wearing them even when I 'm not hiking - the cushioning feels great . ` Guess I 'll have to get more ... : -RRB-
 I love these socks . They are a bit expensive , so I waited for a sale , but they are really top of the line . One easy way to tell a well-made sock ? When you take them off at the end of the day , are stray sock fibers sticking to your toes ? That 's a sign of a sock that will fall apart on you . These Thorlo socks do n't have that problem.The sizing is true . I wear shoe size 6 and I have wide feet . I ordered these socks in Woman 's Small -LRB- 5-6 .5 -RRB- and they fit just right.The cushioning is great . I use them for everyday in my tennies - you do n't have to be hiking to appreciate both the cushioning and the CoolMax wicking.I noticed that sometimes the Thorlo sizing on amazon pages states Sm -LRB- 4-6 -RRB- . I do n't know if that 's an actual difference in the sock sizes , or just a difference in how the seller enters the sizes on an amazon page .
 These socks are working well for me so far . They keep away moisture and do n't get stinky . The one negative would be that they are not as warm as I would like . They are good for slightly cold days when you are wearing pants . I wear them with sneakers and need warmer socks on colder days . They do n't slip which is great . I 've also washed them several times and they still look brand new .
 Good socks , feet do seem to stay cooler in my steel toe shoes . Glad I bought them .
 Love these socks . Will never buy any other socks again ! They are comfortable and long lasting !
 These socks look good and feel good . They are comfortable and provide protection on long walks or extreme weather . They also work well around the house without shoes . I wear them all year round . They are designed well , made well , and wash well from my experience.I was discussing survival techniques with an Army officer who recommended Thorlo socks for warmth . I bought some for that purpose , for power outages , cold Winter weather , etc. , and never have wanted any other kind since . They last for years and I wear them every day , Winter and Summer , usually without shoes since I work from home , sometimes with shoes on 3-mile walks . These are everything I want in a sock . I highly recommend them .
 Let 's see , this is 2013 . I first started backpacking in 2004 , so that 's where my love affair with Thorlo began , so ... 9 years in love . Nine years ago , I bought a &#34; six-pack &#34; of these Coolmax Light Hikers from someone selling Thorlo irregulars on eBay . First , I wore them backpacking because they were just right for a cushioned ride plus moisture wicking plus quick dry after walking across streams . Then I wore them to work out in the gym , and then I wore them any other non-backpacking non-excercise time I wanted to be comfortable and warm , including sock-footing around the house all day . I owned NO other warm-weather or hiking sock , so you can imagine how much wear & tear these old socks got ! OK , so this winter they finally started getting a little hole here , a little thin there , until I was down to 21/2 pairs , barely , so it was time to reorder . -LRB- Doing laundry more often to keep a fresh pair handy was getting old . -RRB- The ones I got in the mail are EXACTLY what I got 9 years ago -- they feel and look like old friends . Admittedly , I was shocked to see how the price had gone up since 2004 , but once I considered the amazing run for the money those 9 year old socks had given me , I just want to say , &#34; THANK YOU THORLO ! &#34; In this day and age of cheap , cheap , cheap , you are nothing but quality , dependability , and value . I just feel bad you had to wait 9 years for me to buy from you again , but hey ! I did n't need to , you 're so good at what you do !
 I bought these socks to wear to go hiking on a somewhat strenuous trail complete with rock scrambles and a steep elevation gain last May . Between these socks and my hiking boots my feet stayed comfy , dry , and at the right temperature -LRB- as opposed to super sweaty and hot -RRB- , even when our trip down the mountain was accompanied by a downpour and muddy conditions.I have n't been back hiking since then , and I put the socks away with my hiking boots . That is , until today when I realized there was snow on the ground and it was 20 or so outside . I pulled these out to wear with my snow boots to keep my feet warm . Not only did my feet stay warm on my commute , but as I trudged through my day indoors in my winter boots my feet were comfortable . -LRB- In previous years wearing my boots all day meant by lunch time I could n't wait to take them off because of how sweaty and uncomfortable my feet got . -RRB- Also , as someone with small feet -LRB- size 6.5 -RRB- , usually my socks are a bit too big -LRB- like , the heel of the sock is closer to my ankle than my heel -RRB- . I was able to order these on Amazon in a size small and they fit really awesomely . They hug my arch nicely -LRB- adding some support where I need it -RRB- , stay up well , and are otherwise awesome . I originally saw these socks in a sporting goods store but they did n't stock smalls -LRB- only mediums and larges -RRB- , so I was happy to find my size here .
 These are warm and soft . They have a nice amount of cushioning - enough to feel good , but not enough to be awkwardly bulky .
 These are the absolute best for hiking , and I know I will be ordering more . They are warm and fit snugly , and of course , I love the coolmax feature .
 These are the best socks they are soft warm and very comfortable , they breathe so your feet do not sweat , I wear them all the time because I work outdoors
 These socks are simply the best I have ever had on my feet ; so comfortable in all the right places .
 Light , comfortable , thin even enough to be worn as a liner , cute enough to be worn alone . Love the support bands . These exceeded my expectations by a mile . * snicker *
 They are warm , comfortable , fit so well and so definitely worth the expense . No more bag o ' socks from Walmart . These are my choice from now on .
 This is the 3rd year in a row my very active mother in law has requested these socks . I 'd say they get a glowing review from her and I was thrilled to find them on Amazon Prime & at a great price .
 love the thickness and wrmth of these socks ... would order another pair or two for the winter . good value and good quality
 Love the cushion to make the hiking experience gentler on your feet . I go hiking almost every day and I find them great even when I am hiking in the snow .
 These are the best active wear socks I have ever worn . They fit great and are warm on cold days . They wash and dry to the same great fit . But best of all , they are durable and you will find it hard to wear them out !
 I actually wear these more for work than recreation . I work in a large building with miles of concrete floors and I spend most of my 10 hour work days roaming those floors . I need a more `` functional '' sock than your run-of-the-mill athletic , crew or girly sock . These fit the bill perfectly . They 're thin enough to wear under casual or athletic shoes without being bulky but they are thick enough to provide a bit of extra cushioning as I stomp around all day on concrete.I knocked one star off simply because of the price . While not a bad price for this particular brand , in my mind anything above around five dollars for a single pair of socks is too high .
 I own several pairs , wash dry , wear , no problem , comfortable and just all around great .
 These are terrific socks , have purchased the walking , running and hiking styles . But as in previous reviews , whoever is pulling orders makes a LOT of mistakes ! I had to return/reorder three times for one pair ! Amazon has been a dream in trying to resolve the issue but unless they have can review the orders themselves , we the customers are stuck ! So order early in case there is a problem ...
 I 've been wearing these to the gym , hiking , and walking for months and I absolutely love them ! They fit well ; they 're not bunchy or tight . They feel great - they 're soft and cushioned . But they 're not so cushiony that your regular walking or fitness shoes wo n't fit over them . I 've washed & dried them lots of times and they have n't shrunk or lost their shape , and they show no obvious signs of wear . And I have ridiculously sweaty feet , yet the socks never get more than slightly damp , and they keep my feet nice and dry.I 'm really pleased with them , although I do wish there were more color variety .
 I have health problems that make it important to keep my feet happy , and I have searched high and low for the `` right '' socks . In an effort to keep my feet warm I 've often resorted to buying thicker men 's socks , even though they never fit me quite right . This sock is the best I 've found . It 's thick but light enough to wear with everyday shoes ; sturdy enough to wear for hiking on rough terrain here in the high desert and southern Rockies . Very comfortable -- does n't bunch up , and it has nice padding in the right spots . I bought it specifically for cold-weather use , and it consistently keeps my feet warm even in temps around zero -LRB- Fahrenheit -RRB- , or on hikes where my feet are likely to get cold and damp . Feels comfortably dry even though I have notoriously sweaty feet.These socks are not cheap , and that made me hesitant to buy them . But I liked the first pair so much , I ended up buying three more . I 've tried socks made of everything -- cotton , acrylic blends , wool , bamboo -- and these socks are my current favorites . I hope Thorlo keeps making them , because I intend to buy more in the future .
 I have never experienced such comfort in a pair of socks ! I ordered these spectacular socks to wear with my hiking boots here in Afghanistan where I am deployed . I needed
 I bought these socks and gave them the ultimate test -- I hiked to the bottom of the Grand Canyon ! They kept my feet as cool , dry , and comfortable as possible in August 's 110 degree heat . Thank goodness I bought 2 pair so I had a fresh pair for the hike back up !
 I have used these socks for hiking around our high desert and mountain areas since 2006 . When my last pair wore out , I was pleased to find them on Amazon.These are my favorite socks for hiking the local trails . The moisture - wicking technology keeps my feet relatively dry and the cushioning helps in preventing blisters .
 I was glad to find my size on Amazon as my local store does n't carry small . It fits my little foot well and feels good . I like the design .
 These socks are wonderful ! Warm , comfy and not at all bulky with regular shoes . This was a great buy . I totally recommend these socks .
 These socks are amazing !!! Super comfy , perfect for boots , real to size . It will make you 're boots a lot more comfortable to wear . Cushioned on the right spots so you do n't have to worry about blisters . Definitely will buy these socks again .
 I have plantart fasciitis and these are the only socks that work with my hiking boots -LRB- that I have to wear everywhere for support -RRB- . I accidentally washed and dried them on hot , and they survived and are the same . When that happened with any other brand , the socks shrank , incl . smartwool , and I was out a lot of money . I bought ski socks and other socks from Thorlo , but I consider the ones with the Coolmax blend the best ones .
 I purchased these socks to go hiking in Costa Rica and wore them almost every day . My feet stayed comfortable no matter what the weather or conditions .
 I always have trouble with Ladies Briefs Creeping & Met a Lady in Kohls that said She Loves Jockey Comfies however Kohls did not carry sizes in Comfies bigger than 8 so I tried Amazon . Of Course They Have Them And At 1/2 Price ! Bought a Size 9 & Size 10 to Compare as I am inbetween sizes . I 'm `` Comfie '' in the Size 10 . Washed GREAT and It Has Some Stretch . They are 83 % Cotton & 17 % Nylon . No cutting into the waist or the legs and they held shape well after washing . LOVE that these Comfies are true briefs and cover the cheeks fully with no ride up . Some Cotton Panties get a bit out of shape after washing and drying but not these . Been Running Stairs Doing Laundry and Cleaning Today and NO Creepers . So Comfortable to Wear that I 'm Back to Order More ! I Love Them & They Come in Nice Pastel Colors !
 Outstanding fit , comfort and price . I have purchased this product twice and will buy again in the near future .
 I love these light-weight and almost all-cotton panties . They hold up well to repeated machine washings and drying . I wish the still came in black , put the pale pink is nice . The price was okay and the shipping was fast .
 This a very nice cotton/nylon brief with no support at all , very comfy but not a very thick cotton . The cotton is too thin and that 's why I gave it a four ... so if you just want a nice thin cotton/nylon brief this is your type of brief ... its good for daily use at home .
 These are quite comfortable and lightweight . The crotch is only one layer thick like all the rest so there is not as much absorbancy as with some panties . They do come completely clean on washing .
 Ordered this as a Christmas gift . It came on time , and is being thoroughly enjoyed -LRB- except by the bitch herself -RRB- .
 Excellent quality product . T-shirt size is exactly as I expected . Graphic just as described . Very Fast shipping Thank you . I look forward to future transactions
 I loved the shirt it got here in no time and I am wearing it now .
 Gave it as a gag gift , but the &#34; giftee 's &#34; girlfriend was not happy . LOL . You ca n't make everybody happy all the time .
 I bought this for my dad after he went through his `` 3rd '' mid life crisis and bought a Harley . He loved it and my mother even got a kick out of it !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 The product is just like those I 've purchased in stores , the price was great , easy , easy purchasing . I will use Amazon again for this item in the future .
 Thanks for helping me find some of the last of my size in this wonderful bra for larger figures . It came as promised and in excellent new condition .
 The best thing about this bra is that it keeps your breasts away from your arms!I do wish there was a T-shirt version ...
 If you are a large busted woman -LRB- I 'm 38 DD -RRB- I highly recommend this bra . After years of searching for a `` pretty '' , supportive and comfortable bra , I have finally found it in this one . The best part is that it gives you a lovely shape , natural , sexy ... It 's definitely worth the price . I got mine at Macy 's a year ago and I have been spreading the word since .
 GREAT BRA ! THIS IS MY # 3 BRA . WORKS WELL , GOOD SUPPORT AND PRETTY . HUSBAND LIKES IT TOO .
 My Wacoal minimizer is a good , strong , bra that 's lifts my big heavy 34G breasts and that 's saying something ... I refer to the bra as my bosom harness because of the way that I feel when I 'm wearing the bra is the way that I imagine I 'd feel if I were harnessed to some piece equipment . Needless to say , the bra is n't very comfortable to wear , but it does hold up my breasts , contains them with no cupcake look , and that 's my main concern , because no other bra that I 've purchased in the past has been able to accomplish lifting/holding up my breasts . I ca n't see where the bra minimizes my bosom in fact , my breasts appear jutted out and bigger because they 're lifted up so I guess I 'll just have to live with that ; but all in all , I like the bra , it works , and it is worth the high price that Wacoal charges for it . One suggestion , Wacoal might consider installing a four-hook back closure instead of a three hook closure on the bra .
 So far , I love the comfort of this bra - I will be interested to see how long this bra lasts ...
 I have been wearing Wacoal bras forever !!!!! And that is because they are the best there are ! They are also very pretty !
 Why is n't this bra made in 32D is beyond me . Why why why . It 's beautiful , well made , but it 's too bad it does n't come in my size . I ca n't wear the 34D .
 Knowing your size is very important in order for this bra to provide a snug , supportive fit . I was lucky and initially found this bra style at a dept store near Union Station while on vacay in NYC ... the price there was much better than the price listed on Amazon however when you find a GREAT BRA , you 'll pay the asking rate . The shoulder straps are comfortable , the underwire gives a desired lift and the middle stitching provides the separation needed so you 're not walking around with the one boob look . I also like the lace detail - pretty and functional .
 I have worn Wacoal minimizers for many years . This is the bra that Oprah recommended and I too , have fallen in love with them . There are a few different styles and each style gives me good support and fits comfortably . I found Amazon 's prices to be affordable and the obvious convenience of ordering online is a time saver .
 Oh , my gosh , what a fabulous bra ! My friend insisted that I try a Wacoal bra but their price is so high that I felt I could n't afford one . You ca n't afford not to ! I am rather large and have lots of problems when it comes to fitting bras but these fit like a dream . I truly wear it all day and feel as if I do n't have a bra on . I bought mine on sale but I am so sold that I would buy them at regular price .
 have spent years looking for a bra that feels good , does what it 's supposed to and did n't make you wish you could get home & slip out of something so uncomfortable ... at last i think i 'm at the end of my search . very comfortable , great support and can go hours before i start thinking about jammies . only thing that would make this bra better would be padded straps .
 Greatest most supportive bra ever , and lasts forever !! I had one for 2 years and it was still holding up fine .
 Since my band size is small -LRB- 32 -RRB- and my cup size is large -LRB- DDD -RRB- , I have found it extremely difficult to find a minimizer bra in my size . I am very pleased with this particular one . It supports well , is relatively comfortable and has very pretty detailing . I did think it was a little pricey at first , but have discovered it is well worth the cost . It has maintained it 's shape and support after several washings . I highly recommend this bra to anyone who has a small frame , but is large busted .
 I have never had a bra that was so well made and fit so perfectly!Watch the sizes tho . Be sure to measure and use the chart . I had to send the first order back as it was to small.As usual Amazon was quick getting the order to me and the return was no problem at all .
 I purchased one of these bras from a local department store after being fitted to it and positively choking over the $ 65 price tag ... but it was worth it for one of them . Was delighted to find them online Amazon for a far more reasonable $ 38 . I am large busted and have a hard time finding a bra with a good fit that does n't constantly require fiddling with to remain comfortable . This bra is fabulous and worth every penny and even looks nice !
 This bra gets 4 stars because it makes me look better than any of the others I have . It would get 5 stars if it was more comforable ... it is not an all day-all night comfort . The straps could be either wider or cushioned . The material making the wire more comfortable is beginning to wear , which just means that I am getting about three years out of this bra before I 'm thinking to order more.For all the tugging I do , it has not ripped , and the wires have not stabbed me ! And , the lace is not itchy . This has turned out to be not only my best bra , but my prettiest too .
 The only thing stopping me from giving this 5 stars is that the straps are n't padded . Otherwise , this is a great minimizer . Especially nice for women who wear a small band size . It 's pretty and is n't bulky .
 Like another one said , the best so far , it only needs padded straps . It has really large cup size so it 's great for large busts without the large body girth and it 's beautiful . It 's hard to find that in a minimizer .
 I mean ... they 're socks ... and I ordered them on a whim from Amazon . Beats the hell out of shopping , and they arrived on time . So , 5 stars for giving me what I wanted at a good price , without wandering a mall .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Trying on swimsuits can be a very traumatic experience ... but as soon as I put this tankini on ... I was very impressed as to how flattering it was . Thanks for designing a suit that a `` real woman '' can wear in order to feel confident and comfortable .
 We got this for my 5 year old for Halloween and 5 months later he still loves it . I did n't think it would last that long but it still looks new . We actually installed hooks in his room to hang it . It looks good on the wall and he loves to armour up and go on missions.Only downside - the helmet visor ca n't be worn down . It 's so short that it squishes his nose . My son does have a big head so maybe that might work for someone else . : -RRB- The play value on this a been superb .
 We purchased these for our boys for Halloween 2009 . My boys were 2 and 4 at the time . Now at 4 and 6 , they still love to play with them . We 're coming back to purchase two new sets because the first ones finally broke beyond repair . Considering how much rough play they received in the past 18 months , I 'm highly pleased with the durability of this product ! Great toy for little boys who want to be knights in shining armor !
 I have a 3 and 5 year old , boys . They love this product . The helmet is small and does not fit well though and part of the sword handle broke but they still use it . And they abuse their toys , as most boys do , and it is still in good shape after 5 months . I got my money 's worth out of this one !
 My Godson really enjoyed the suit of armor costume . He is 3 years old and the custume and other medevil gifts we purchased from Amazon really helps spark his imagination . The product is as promised and was delivered quickly .
 Let me start out by saying this . I have looked everywhere for this jacket in stores , and could not find it -LRB- Texas -RRB- I 've always wanted a Jean Sherpa Jacket , and heard Levis were the original foe , so I went with them . -LRB- Pros -RRB- Very good fit , especially in the shouldersVERY warmLots of pocketsSherpa liner is extremely comfortableThe collar is at the perfect hype , no need to raise to block the wind . -LRB- Cons -RRB- Why did I knock off a star ? Two reasons tying into one . 1 . It 's made in China . 2 . I spent $ 80 on an `` American '' company , and it 's made in China . I 'd gladly pay $ 80 for a jacket that 's made in the U.S.A. I 'm very dissapointed in Levis for this
 You will not want for another jacket . Jackets like this come from all manufacturers . Why ? They all want to be like Levi 's . This is a timeless style . I 've been wearing Levi 's since I was a kid . Stick to the 501 jeans and Trucker jacket . Not made in the USA , but Mexico ; which is still America . North America . This jacket is warm and comfortable . Guys , get ready for your girl to `` borrow '' it from you .
 I got this jacket wrapped in plastic and does have a little smell . I suspect some of that comes from Levi 's new waterless finishing process . I bought an XXL and washed in cold , dryer on low heat . I 'm 6 feet 195 with wider shoulders ... It fits almost perfect , the sleeves are a little long , but I created a cuff and buttoned it . It worked perfectly andthe cuff stays cuffed . It 's a big heavy warm jacket , that your girl will steal.It did have official red Levi 's tag on the pocket - my new favorite jacket just like the one I wore in the 80s . The best part . . Bought dark stone wash off of Amazon for $ 32 ! -LRB- XXL only -RRB-
 Read the reviews and was wondering how nice it would be . Then I received this jacket . Made from the same material as 501 jeans . The liner is super warm . Love it
 Looks good & stylish even for persons over 40 . I have the Dark Stone Denim . I get compliments from friends . They say nice Jacket . Can be worn with anything . I wear mine with boots , jeans , and cowboy hat . Is slim fitting so if you have a beer gut use caution when picking a size.It keeps you very warm too .
 Wears really thin . I am a thin guy and this one -LRB- large -RRB- barely fits around me . Really really warm ! Looks suport , wears very nice .
 My son had one years ago and I thought I 'd look for a new one . He loves this jacket . . perfect color and fit .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 I orderd the Black BDU pants and I recieved just what was promised . The size was spot on and there was no hiden surprise . I wear them all the time . Will buy more from this seller .
 This necktie was a great addition to my wardrobe . It is of excellent material and construction , and I found it to look exactly as advertised .
 I got these costumes for my granddaughter and she loved both of them . I got them for her to play dress up with her friends .
 I bought this shoe basically because I wanted the Shox look but not the price . I was n't dissapointed.Pros
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 BETTER THAN MY OLD ONE ; WILL PROBABLY BE ORDERING ANOTHER ONE , FOR ME FOR CAMPING AND FISHING . THIS ONE IS THICKER , BETTER QUALITY .
 For the money , $ 8 , I was pleasantly surprised with the jacket . Washed it before wearing to get rid of the `` new car '' smell ... . and have no complaints . It is a straight forward fleece jacket that will keep you warm when damp . Nothing special , but the stitching all held through a week of chain sawing and a second washing .
 i ordered thid for my son & he loved it he wore it till after june when it just got to hot for it & it was a great price if there still on sale i may get him another 1
 This is a really great looking jacket . The price was more than reasonable . Highly recommend .
 What do you expect , it 's $ 7 ... It does need to be washed once or twice to clear the plastic smell but otherwise its decent .
 I am an `` average guy '' who just received this jacket today and it is a great buy at $ 9.99 . I always order the next size up to accomodate fordifferances by the manufacturer . My pecs and lats are fine in the XL .
 Thisis a great jacket . It will be put to good use . Thanks for the super service .
 My son has to have white polo 's embroidered for flight team . These are the perfect weight ; not so thin they are see through and not so heavy they do n't breath . Can not beat the price - we did a lot of shopping before ordering.Personally , I would n't put &#34; kids &#34; in white when they are around dirt and grease as often as the team is , but given we have no choice on the color , I am super happy to find these at a reasonable price .
 A fine silk black pocket square . You never know when you 're going to require the eloquence and grace of such an item . Every had to challenge a gentleman to a duel , been injuried in such a duel , or had to wipe fingerprints off such weapons used in the duel , you will be thankful you have this silk pocket square that hides blood .
 Plain and janes , wear their shrit , un-ruffled , with tradtion , and pride.The every day fancy man , walks with a pronuced hop , questioning , the shimering glow of seaweed .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I wear this T-Shirt as an undershirt and it 's excellent . The fabric is smooth and soft and it holds its shape extremely well . It 's a really well made shirt for the price that it is being sold for . I would n't hesitate to buy a few , because this T-Shirt really is a staple in any wardrobe , especially if you wear it as an undershirt .
 Really a cool sweatshirt . My daughter is in to the `` peace '' thing and loves black as well , so this was just perfect ! Love it !
 fits pefect . i liked how it wasnt one of those HUGE sweaters that make you look like a cow . they are warm but arent bulky like most
 This is a well-made Pirate Hat for the price . Note for POTC purists - this is not an identicle match to our beloved Capt. Jack Sparrow 's hat but , if you ca n't afford to have a replica made from real leather , this will fit the bill nicely . Also , anyone buying this hat should be aware that hat is NOT made from a faux leather material . It is , instead , constructed of fabric that looks like weathered leather . Those things aside , this hat has two very nice features
 Adult Tri Corner Jack Sparrow Style Pirate Costume HatThis Hat is an amazing accessory to any pirate costume . It 's a lite and durable design that feels very comfortable . The price is very reasonable for the high quality . The hats brim has a wire to form it to your liking ; and includes a small pocket inside the cap , big enough for a house key -LRB- just in case the rest of your costume is pocket-less . -RRB- Defiantly worth purchasing .
 I purchased this hat along withAdult Men 's Weathered Pirate Costume ShirtThe hat was great , the shirt was a little thin though . But all and all it worked great for my event .
 A great product for the price . Soft and comfortable even for my extra large head . We used this one and the black one for a week long Scout trip on a tall ship . A no worry design , can pile stuff on it and the wire brim allows you to reshape as needed .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 All the other raincoats I 've had were ripping apart . This one however was just fine and dandy ! Thank you so much for making this one the best one there is !
 I was worried that this suit would be flimsy because of the low price I paid . It is not and it fits over my husbands clothing when he works in his lapidary shop . He was always coming in wet and I thought a suit like this would help . It 's the best and I 'm glad my idea for keeping my hubby dry panned out !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Ilove my siberian huskie t-shirt , in fact , I bought two tt-shirt with different huskie color , one black and one brown because I have 2 siberian huskie , one black and one brown and I adore walks with them and I wear the t-shirt and my neigbors have fun . I wash and wash over and over and this t -- shirt never change of color . Is a good product , a good purchase and they are very comfortable and soft .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 My husband and I each got different bags for a 9 month around the world trip in 2004-2005 . He got this bag . Today , there are no tears , looks good , wheels work , zippers are great , back pack has hidden compartments and the straps have not torn at the seams . Most importantly , this pack can be carried on any flight as long as you do n't go over their weight limits . If you want more space , they have larger ones , but you wo n't be able to carry them on . Carrying on is important to my husband and I.I got a Victorinox for that same trip . Mine cost twice as much . I was forced to check it a number of times because the wheels stuck out and it would n't squish into their carry-on measuring thing , despite it saying on the tag that it was airline approved when I purchased it . The zippers broke and the backpack handles tore off.After that trip , I got a High Sierra bag too . My husband 's original bag has been to over 40 countries and many domestic trips since 2004-2005 and it 's still totally fine . We purchased one of these for a friend of ours going on a round-the-world honeymoon recently .
 Got this for high school student with lots of heavy books . It is sturdy and all the features -LRB- handle , zippers , wheels -RRB- are well made . The school backpacks usually only -LRB- sometimes barely -RRB- last a year but this one should last longer . The Pack would also be great as carry on luggage and would fit in an overhead compartment , but not under a seat .
 This bag was perfect for two weeks in Costa Rica and Panama . Travels easily through airports and is easy to pack when necessary . No checked baggage !
 bought this just before a trip to China . It is big , but not too big to carry on , and seems well built . Lasted the trip without any issues.Hopefully will get many more years out of it .
 I have received but not traveled with it yet but taking it across Thailand later this month . Looks really nice and well built . A little heavy but i like the option of backpack or roller .
 i was waiting a couple of months before i review as i wanted to use it a few time to give an accurate account of my experience . i must say this bag meets and exceeds my expectations . i highly recommend it for a frequent traveler
 I ride a bike a lot and use this pack instead of a bike bag for carrying everyday stuff like bike repair kit , reading glasses , wallet , etc. as well as a faily large digital camera and my ipod . With some packs of this type I 've had problems with the clasp on the belt popping open when I 'm riding , this one is nice and solid and has stayed firmly closed . I also like the way the pack feels on my waist , it 's very comfortable and tends to dissapear after a while . The water bottle holders are useful althogh I only use one the other one tends to end up with a snack shoved in it . Overall construction seems very solid so I 'm sure I 'll be using this pack for several years . A lot of pack for the money !
 After researching hiking packs for a couple of days , I settled on the High Sierra Express Lumbar Pack because it was big enough to carry small snacks and bottled waters for a couple hour hike , but not too big that it felt like a backpack . The pack is what I expected and more . It is extremely light and if you are not carrying anything in it , it is easy to forget you are wearing it . I would recommend this pack for any casual hiker .
 The pack is nice-sized to hold enough necessities without being too overwhelming . The water bottle was a disappointment . It has only a `` large mouth jar '' opening ... okay if you want to wash with the water . I would still buy the pack , however .
 well designed and manufactured shirt . for every occasion and everyday dress.arrived promptly , packed carefully.colours dont fade even after many washes .
 Rapid shipping , good quality , items were as represented .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Really cute bows . I have a 15 month old daughter and these stay put in her hair . Also , the are easy to put on even when she is moving her head all around .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 A huge hit with our two year old grandson . Only complaint was the mask was too small and hard to see when wearing it .
 The sizes seem to run a little small , but my two year old loved being Batman . The felt face mask was not his favorite , but he tends to have a little bit larger head so it was tight on him.Thin fabric , expect it to wear fairly quickly . Good mobility for the kid though , and easily fits over warm clothes . Cape is velcro attached and short enough to not trip on or get tangled in . Overall , a good buy for a batman fan .
 We got this for my sons birthday party as he wanted a costume party ! He was so excited to open the box and see it so that makes the purchase even more worth it ! The material is good for the cold weather we will be facing next month and fits him perfectly as he is shorter than most 4 year olds but it is 3/4T : - -RRB- The Batman , Complete Toddler Costume
 everything was just as described . It came in good timing . Almost already small for my just turned 3 year old though . He is a normal size toddler but I am sure it will last a little while longer .
 This costume fit my 3 year old son nicely . My only complaint is that the eye holes in the mask were too small . They were very close to my sons eyes and his lashes kept sweeping the edges of eye holes . I cut them a bit larger but he still would n't wear the mask pulled over his face . Before going out I used face paint to frame his eyes like a mask . It worked well , but later he decided to wear the actual mask with the face portion scrunched up on top of his head . It was just as cute that way . I took another reviewer 's advice and used black socks just in case the suit was a little short . It was right at his ankles , so I would n't try it on a tall 3 year old . Mine wears a 3T . Over all , the bat suit was great and came with everything pictured . Some dark colored sneakers made it complete . Totally worth the price !
 The Product was excellent value and arrived ontime and is much appreciated . Many Thank Linda .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I 'm 5 ' 10 '' and this costume is SHORT but adorable . I had to buy tan leggings to wear under it , but when I called the company , they were extremely helpful and friendly and were willing to let me return it or exchange it for something else if so desired . I 've kept it !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 The usual great service and price from Amazon . These are comfortable , well-made , and fit great , which can be problematic for someone with my pear-shaped physique .
 I buy Izod American Chinos because of the fit they almost feel tailored . And I buy them through Amazon from Bealls because they carry the full range of sizes , including 29 inch leg length .
 Everything about the pants are cool . Good quality material , the fit is right and they are very comfortable . I would appreciate if more colors were available , but all in all , I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 I purchased these for my husband for Christmas and he loves them ! He now has them in navy , tan , cream and this coffee color . They are very comfy . Bet part is they ate ready to wear straight com the dryer ... no ironing required : -RRB- This color is my personal favorite . It 's different yet still neutral . Goes with anything ! Great buy !
 i love the inside pattern , they look great , feel great and for the price i paid -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- you cant beat it . they are a little tighter than expected but overall really nice .
 Me llego a tiempo como me hab&iacute;an dicho y el pantal&oacute;n esta muy bien hecho.Estoy a gusto con mi pedido .
 These are good looking pants at a fair price , and the nice thing is they do n't need to be ironed . Just throw them in the washer/dryer and put them on .
 Was hoping for a slimmer cut , similar to Dockers ' D2 cut , but it came as a very classic cut , which is a bit too baggy for me . Unfortunately , no way to know this before ordering . Otherwise , the quality and color looked pretty good .
 The pants were exactly what I expected , I already have one pair and have had them for a few years w/continual wear they are holding up very well so I decided to order another pair . They arrived quickly too !
 Five-stars for the Decaf Coffee for $ 20 - $ 25 -LRB- my favorite pair of business casual pants - VERY well made -RRB- but only three-stars for Pumice Beige for $ 25 - $ 40 -LRB- ironic that you get less for more -RRB- . Not all colors are actually the same pair of pants . This could be why there are such differing reviews here . For example , the Pumice Beige -LRB- which also for some reason twists horribly when washed alone -RRB- were not nearly as durable as , for example , mySavane Men 's Pleated Deep Dye Twill Pant .
 my husband loves it , fits great , also baught him dockers and he says they can be compared to them . IZOD did a wonderful job
 I bought these pants for my husband . He says they 're extremely comfortable , and they look great . They 're a little casual for some office settings , but they 're chinos -- that 's sort of what you 'd expect . My husband has three pairs that he wears almost constantly .
 Excelent pants from an excelent brand , the product arrived on time and in perfect condition .
 I bought these for my father he loves them they fit great and are very comfortable
 Is a excelent pant . My husband liked when he used it on the first time .
 Item received on time . Exactly what I ordered . I will be ordering from this company again and GLADLY recommend to friends .
 I got a pair of these at Penny 's , but they only had one pair in my size , so I got some more from Amazon in a couple of colors . They were the same as the ones in the store . One tip
 I bought them for him to golf in ... he loves them . We 're all happy !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I had a double mastectomy with reconstruction and needed a bra that provided compression with some natural shaping while I was recovering . I tried a lot of different sports bras and like this one the best . It was comfortable and cut high enough to not irritate my incisions and scars . It looks good under a sweater , too !
 This bra will help keep you in control , while providing a cool comfortable fit !
 I had a double mastectomy with reconstruction and needed a bra that provided compression with some natural shaping while I was recovering . I tried a lot of different sports bras and like this one the best . It was comfortable and cut high enough to not irritate my incisions and scars . It looks good under a sweater , too !
 This bra will help keep you in control , while providing a cool comfortable fit !
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 Ordered 2 different sizes . The high school student size was too big the smaller one too small . All this according to my grandson who is a small 15 yr . old . Otherise everything was fine . Love doing business on Amazon .
 Those who 've bought Jansport for their kids in school may already know about their great product support . -LRB- Like when you send it in for `` warranty work '' to replace a zipper after several hard years , and you get the confirmation post card that says your bag is `` at camp '' . -RRB- We got this for our grad-school student/TA daughter who wanted a more practical way to carry laptop , books , exam papers , etc. when teaching . She loves it .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I bought this product to wear under t-shirts and tank tops during a backpacking trip through Europe . I just wanted something simple , and this bra was great ! I ended up tossing out my other bras before I came home , but I kept this one and will continue wearing it at home . It was a great product that really stood up through everything I put it through -LRB- including a few clothes-destroying washing machines -RRB- !
 I bought these to pack my multiple adapters , cords and cables plus jewelry and makeup for my business trips . These are great because they 're see-thru and high quality and come in different sizes in a set . These have kept all of stuff organized and easy to find .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 REALLY REALLY affordable - shop around and see . These are high quality and this shipper sent them out very timely . Smll size makes them difficult to use , but great for display ! VERY COOL !!!!
 I had a double mastectomy with reconstruction and needed a bra that provided compression with some natural shaping while I was recovering . I tried a lot of different sports bras and like this one the best . It was comfortable and cut high enough to not irritate my incisions and scars . It looks good under a sweater , too !
 This bra will help keep you in control , while providing a cool comfortable fit !
 This backpack is good , easy to use.It does not have place to put drinks.It seems little big in picture than it really is.Nevertheless , i am satisfied with this product .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Have not tried switching the lenses out -- but love the design and fit -- not too tight in the temples like many other sunglasses -- flexible , my son ca n't seem to break 'em . Had one pair run over , bought a second pair right away . Highly recommend !
 I had a double mastectomy with reconstruction and needed a bra that provided compression with some natural shaping while I was recovering . I tried a lot of different sports bras and like this one the best . It was comfortable and cut high enough to not irritate my incisions and scars . It looks good under a sweater , too !
 This bra will help keep you in control , while providing a cool comfortable fit !
 I own an older version of this bag . Based on reviews I thought the updated version would not work for me , so I put off buying this bag until I had to get one for a flight . My old Sidekick 's main compartment zipper is messed up and does n't stay closed -LRB- it opens up -RRB- . I thought the new bag had flaws I could n't live with . Turns out the Eagle Creek site is horrible at showing the inside of the bag and based on a few erroneous reviews , I thought the most useful part of the old Sidekick no longer existed in the updated version . Turns out , that 's not true . This new version of the Sidekick is actually better.The old version had a decent organizer panel that was on the front side , that made it awkward to use when you were using it as a waist pack . This new version is smarter , in that the organizer pocket is in the back and faces you when you open it while it is attached as a waist pack . It also has a new glass compartment in addition to a skinny cell phone holder plus the usual two pen pockets . The new version actually has an extra hidden pocket on the inside of the waist band side -LRB- back -RRB- that can fit a checkbook enclosed in a slightly bulky check book cover . The old version had a roomy back pocket . In the new version that pocket is in the front and is a little bit slimmer . Unlike the old version , the new one 's big pocket has a half height divider so you can organize your contents a little as well as a zippered pocket on the inside . The very front of the bag -LRB- when worn as a waist pack -RRB- has a zippered outside pocket that holds boarding passes nicely - a nifty feature if you keep it empty - so you can get through security faster . About the only downside of this newer version is that it can be hard to get a bulky wallet in and out of it when you 're wearing it as a waist pack . I ended up using my Scott-e-vest for my wallet because of the difficulty in removing my wallet from the Sidekick.About the only change I would make is to add about an inch of fabric to both the organizer pocket and the main pocket to allow for bulky items . Other than that , the Sidekick has been great for traveling in the airport .
 I bought this bag 14 years ago . One of the many zippers finally gave out , so I am using the other one that meets it in the middle or at either side . I am just delighted to know that I can get a new one when this one gives up .
 Love Eagle Creek products . Have another bag made by them and they last forever . I love the shoulder strap or belly pack option and actually cut the belly strap out and just use the shoulder strap around the belly for more room in the pack . Excellent product and service .
 Its yellow plush cloth , as opposed to the thin nylon most store bought kids costumes are made of . My 9 year old son loves it . Still too pricey though . .
 Great costume . Sizing was true -LRB- 7-10 -RRB- My son wears sizes 8 and 10 and this costume fit him perfectly . Love the fact that this costume had a hat vs. a mask . Our school does not allow mask on costumes worn at school . This was great !!! He was thrilled !!
 I ordered this item standard shipping and it arrived within 3 days . My son was so happy to open up his gift for his birthday . Thank you so much !
 I was very pleased when the costume arrived . It arrived quickly and it was in very good condition . I have washed it twice now and it holds up in the washing machine . I would recommend both this product and this seller to others .
 This costume served it 's purpose but the overall quality was marginal . We did n't have any issues with it but it would n't take much abuse to tear this costume .
 Bought this for my five year old he thinks its the best thing ever . Sellers description matches the item perfectly .
 My son absolutely loved this costume ! I liked the fact that it had a head piece instead of the face mask . I had to safety pin the tail to the costume so it would n't fall off so easily .
 4-year old wore for Halloween to go with his brothers Ash costume . This costume wasvreally cute and went well over his snowsuit for trick or treating . The ears do n't stick up like in the picture but he was happy to wear it .
 I am happy with this costume . It is of better quality than the ones I found in the stores here . It fit well and the tail is sturdy and stands up . The hat is a little hard to keep on , though .
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 I had a double mastectomy with reconstruction and needed a bra that provided compression with some natural shaping while I was recovering . I tried a lot of different sports bras and like this one the best . It was comfortable and cut high enough to not irritate my incisions and scars . It looks good under a sweater , too !
 This bra will help keep you in control , while providing a cool comfortable fit !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I had a double mastectomy with reconstruction and needed a bra that provided compression with some natural shaping while I was recovering . I tried a lot of different sports bras and like this one the best . It was comfortable and cut high enough to not irritate my incisions and scars . It looks good under a sweater , too !
 This bra will help keep you in control , while providing a cool comfortable fit !
 I bought two of these for some friends that live on the MO. river . Very good quality for the money .
 I had a double mastectomy with reconstruction and needed a bra that provided compression with some natural shaping while I was recovering . I tried a lot of different sports bras and like this one the best . It was comfortable and cut high enough to not irritate my incisions and scars . It looks good under a sweater , too !
 This bra will help keep you in control , while providing a cool comfortable fit !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I am definitely pleased with the Dockers comfort-waist pants . They were available in the short length that I need -- 29 inch inseam -- and they are comfortable to wear , as their description implied . Plus the quality seems to be superior to most pants that I have ordered recently .
 VERY NICE QUALITY AND GREAT FIT . THIS ITEM IS PERFECT FOR THE MALE GOLFER . ORDER ONE INCH LONGER INSEAM TO ALLOW FOR SHRINKAGE .
 I love these pants ... good fit . . comfy ... looks great . . would I buy more of these . . yes I will and most likely very soon . . I do not know why Amazon needs 20 words for this review when 19 will do just fine .
 I bought these for my husband who wears a 38 x 38 . This is a very difficult size to find . He has been wearing Levi Dockers for many years . We were pleased to find that these Dockers are of much better quality than some bought in the past . The material is nicer and the stitching is better . Unfortunately with all the outsourcing , a lot of clothing is getting made so cheaply and it shows . That is not the case with these . My husband loves the comfort waistband and it does n't show -LRB- another reviewer stated that it did show -RRB- . My only complaint is that the colors are so limited in his size .
 Very comfortable , gives where it needs to . So far , the no iron promise has been fulfilled and I expect it to continue based on past experience . Size seems to run true . Only downgrade is value for price . I thought it was just a little pricey but not horribly so -LRB- I bought a second pair -RRB-
 Bought these slacks as a `` Just Because '' gift for someone special to me . He tried them on and the slacks look great on him . Was purchased for him as work pants but he say they are to nice to work in . We both are very happy with the quality and looks of them . I 'm thinking about ordering another set for him .
 Very comfortable for a big man . The expandable waist is a PLUS for comfort . I will order these in other colors in the future .
 The look and fit is great . The price very reasonable for a pair of pants that are very versatile to wear for leisure or semi dress .
 Dockers Men 's Signature Khaki Big & Tall Pleated PantThe pants came when promised , fitted exactly right , and looked great.The material seems a bit light weight but otherwise OK.It would be prefered if the pants were made in the USA , but instead they were made in Bangledesh .
 If you are really `` Big and Tall , '' you will not have enough room for your balls . Since I 'm only 5 ' -9 , '' they are perfect for me .
 I measured my waist and ordered a pair of these , only to find that the pants were falling off of me . Not good . They 're well-made , kind of a slick or more finished material than I expected , pretty dressy , actually . Nice color . I 'd order at least two inches smaller than what you assume your waist size is . I need to find my safety pins in order to be able to wear these to a job interview on Monday ...
 Cumpli&oacute; con las expectativas de la prenda , la descripci&oacute;n es perfecta se ajusta a la realidad , la tabla de tallas es adecuada
 Nicely sewn with attention to detail both on the inside and outside . I 've come to expect quality from Dockers and these pants did n't disappoint . Price was better than most brick & mortar stores without having to chase around to find a &#34; deal &#34; only to encounter missing sizes or colors.My next pair will be non-pleated fronts as this style is n't as flattering as I continue to lose weight .
 Great Product !! very useful , good quality , i love it , the price it is ok , and the size two . I will buy it again !!
 I 've ordered a number of these khakis . They look good , fit well , are sturdy , long-lasting pants , and are reasonably priced .
 I ordered these pants to replace some aging pants in my closet , they are typical of the quality I have come to expect from the Docker 's brand , they fit well and do n't wrinkle terribly .
 It 's hard to find pants that fit properly when you 're 6 ' 6 &#34; and not overweight . These have been great , and I plan to buy a few more pairs . The only drawback for me is that the flex waistband lets them move a little too much , but that 's easily fixed with a good belt .
 I bought this pants for my husband and he was very pleased with them ... Nice fit and the price was good too .
 Typical Dockers - comfortable & easy to care for . Nothing fancy or flashy , but they are good for casual work pants .
 Perfect fit and very durable . The pants wash well and come out of the wash with very litt ; le care needed .
 These are very comfortable pants , they look good , the fact that they are pleated give them &#34; give , &#34; and they are suitable for almost all business casual occasions . You just ca n't beat them !
 These are beat for business dress . Good fit though the color looks more black than navy but they still work .
 Hubby loves these pants . He says Thank you to me every time he wears them . He has lost weight and these were necessary .
 Ordered a few of these in different colors . They arrived on time and as described . Had read other reviews about fit and have to agree with them . The pants would be more comfortable if there were a little more rise from the crouch to the waist , but my experience was that this was a relatively minor problem and was easily gotten used to . The pants are well made and have retained there crease after repeated wearings . Great pants at a good price .
 I purchased this for the 3 yr old boy next door after he was smitten by the conductor in a book that I read him . I was disappointed that the stripes and wording were in gold rather than yellow . Might be classier for someone older for a Halloween costume , but I preferred the bright yellow for a toddler 's dress up outfit . Another thing that was not mentioned by other reviewers is that the package states that it is not for use by children under the age of 14 and nowhere on the site did it state 14 + which would have left me searching for another hat . For older children the quality seems to be pretty good for the price . I just wonder if the minimum age warning is concern that lettering will come off and end up in the mouth or if the fabric dye is toxic . With so many imported toys making the news because of lead content in paint or other toxic ingredients , I would have liked to have known about the minimum age requirement prior to ordering and receiving this item .
 I ordered this hat for my 3 year old son - and was very pleased . The quality is good for the price . I 've never seen anything like this in the stores , and was thrilled to find this one . It was just a little big for him - but that will just make it last longer . He 'll get a lot of play out of this !
 I bought this for my son 's 4th birthday party . It was polar express themed and he wanted to be the conductor . The words and bands are gold and it looks great . He also wore it on the polar express ride and so many people gave compliments . it is a little big for his head but it just means it will fit him for a long time .
 One of the birthday gifts for my grandson ... he loved it ... wears it almost all of the time ... excellent value for the money .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 We purchased these wings for a Halloween costume . They arrived on time , were well made , and the joint between the wings bendable so we could adjust the `` spread '' . The straps are adult sized so we had to shrink them for a teen , but that worked . The dye came off when I handled them with damp hands by mistake , so if they had gotten wet , it might have been messy . They definitely made the `` winged elf '' costume complete !
 these wings are sooo much fun to wear it 's a mini version of the victoria secret wings lol . I love these they are for this halloween and for anytime I wan na do costume parties or potential role playing lol . good quality and fun to wear .
 The wings are fantastic ! They are well crafted , fit well , and look even better than in the picture . They are exactly what I needed for the costume I am working on .
 These are excellent quality and the comfort is second to none . I will buy again and at these prices why not .
 The quality is surprising ! Larger sizes usually cost this much for a single pair . For the price you just ca n't get a better deal !
 I will keep this brief . The product is just as I expected ; fit and comfort exactly right . Color immaterial , as I do n't wander around in my underwear . The main benefits of shopping with Amazon are the fact that I do not have to GO Shopping ! I know when I need something and I simply turn to Amazon , find the item and click it and forget it ! In a very short period of time , the product arrives and the deal is done . I like it !
 What can I say ? It 's Hanes . Good quality , comfortable and good price . I use Hanes for years . They might not be the prettiest but I think CK is overrated and overpriced . My Hanes always last long too .
 -LRB- Sorry for my english -RRB- I hoped for better quality on this underwear . It stretched out after a year . The quality of the colors were good . Very comfortable until stretched out .
 I got this buckle for a friend as a belated birthday present . She loved it . The design is beautiful and a little `` blinged out , '' the metal is sturdy , and the hook is a good size . It is a great product !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I looked all over for the perfect carrying case for my Mac Book Pro -LRB- 15 '' -RRB- Once I received this I was in awe ... It fits perfectly and what better way to dress up your Mac Book Pro than with something that stands out and is bold and obviously not a cheap ordinary bag that you see day to day ... You can still smell the leather and I 've had it almost a year , no real signs of wear just yet . I treated it with some leather oil to prevent rain from ruining it -LRB- I live in Portland , where it rains 70 % of the year -RRB- I 've taken it to Germany , NY , CA , NC , WA , all over with me ... It fits my Passport perfectly ... 2 bigger pockets on the inside for your Passport and an external HD . Plus a few smaller sized ones for Business cards and a thumb drive or two . Great bag , I 'm 23 and I get complimented every time someone sees it . Definitely would suggest this to any mother thinking about buying it for their son , husband , son in law ... anyone with a high taste and appreciation for quality and superior craftsmanship .
 I do not use this for a blackjack but rather my Upstage . It works just as well as the last one would work if I had n't lost it the first day . It is a really small piece , which is great . It is a great price which makes it easy to replace and thanks to the seller , it came very fast in the mail .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 This cute top is a great color , comfortable and a flattering fit .
 This shirt is even cuter in person than the pictures depict . It does run a little big as other reviews state -LRB- I wear a small but purchased an extra-small and it fits perfectly -RRB- . The back is full ; it 's not like a tank top . The fabric is crinkly and adorable ! Very flattering !
 I got this for my wife and she likes the top a lot . It is not a lot of material , but looks pretty sexy . Your significant other will probably enjoy this . I believe it runs big , so buy the next size down if in question .
 This is a truely fantastic top ! It looks just like shown in the picture . I bought the XS olive green version because a reviewer said she bought the smallest size and her bust is a bit empty . Since i have a bust of around 33 '' or cup size 34A , i figured that would be my size , and I was right ! It fit not only perfectly , it looked even more fantastic than in the picture . It made my chest looks fuller and the top is just gorgeous . Mine did n't have any defects such as holes , as previous reviewers said .
 I bought this top in two colors and just love it . My husband too as it shows off the cleavage :-RRB- The crinkle look is stylish and the material is nice so you can dress it up or down .
 Well , I got my shirt no problem , there was even a free sample in it ... however one would think that when ordering a womens product you would get a sample thats taylored to a woman . I got mens deoderant . Oh well gave it to my husband , and it was nice to get something extra ! Havent even worn the shirt yet , its been too cold ! But it will get worn ! Eventually this is california after all its bound to warm up sooner or later !
 Finally ... a tank top that can accommodate something larger than a b-cup . It 's nicely constructed also -LRB- made in the USA -RRB- , and I like the fit . I usually wear S or M and ordered the small in brown , which is perfect . Great color also . I 've very pleased with this purchase , especially at such a great price .
 It 's a very comfortable top . It could be used as casual or somewhat dressy . I ordered the olive version . The only thing I do n't like about this top is that it 's a little too big for my chest -LRB- I bought the smallest size available -RRB- . Other than that , it 's great !
 OKay , so the quality is not that of a high end brand , but it is a super cute shirt . I do have to say that women withsmall bust size may be disappointed though . The way it is cut , you need to have a little extra to fill it in . However , nothing a padded bra wo n't fix ! I like that the back of the shirt is a full back . I thought it may be like cami , but it 's not . Perfect shirt for an updated look without looking like you want to be 18 again .
 like it a lot!A little regret that I did not buy more
 This is one of my favorite tops . It fits me great and is so soft !!
 This is a real cute top and great material . It also fits very well . Love jtb clothing . The colors are bice and will also make a good cameo for underneath a jacket
 thanks to the other reviewers , i ordered this top in an xs when i normally wear a s -LRB- but am marginally on the border and sometimes cross over to wear xs -RRB- . this top fits like a gem ! it literally hugs my every curve , as if it were custom made for me . i want more of them now !
 I chose XS even though I usually wear S . So the size comes a little bit bigger . I am so glad I read others ' review before I purchased my order . XS fits me perfectly . The quality is great , the cut is perfect . But the color does n't match the picture , but still chic color though . Very satisfied .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 I bought these for when I 'm using my snow blower to clear the driveway . I 've had my fingers frost bitten previously and need the `` togetherness '' mittens afford my fingers.I 've used these for 2 winters now and have no complaints . I 've been out clearing snow for an hour or more when the temp was zeroF clearing snow and did not have any problems with my fingers getting cold . They are holding up well . I have very large hands and these mittens have not torn at the base of the thumb at all -LRB- a problem I 've had previously with mittens and gloves -RRB- . I do n't know how they would do for all day skiing at 20 below , but I am extremely pleased with the use that I give them .
 We just bought a second pair of these ! Living in Upstate NY , we like to ski and snowshoe and find these mittens keep our hands warm in quite cold conditions . Highly recommended .
 These are the first mittons or gloves that actually keep my hands warm ! I love them .
 Bought these at an outdoor shop on sale , winced at the price , but they 're the first mittens I 've bought that keep my hands warm on the sled for a 5 hour run at sub-zero temps . I 'd buy them again even if they were n't on sale . This is my 4th winter with them , averaging 1200 miles per year , and they 're still in great shape and keep me warm . Best feature
 This is the perfect wallet for someone who does n't want a lot of bulk . It is my second after I wore out the first one .
 I have had the wallet for over a year and it has held up well . There are no noticeable signs of wear . The rubber lining keeps my credit cards nice and secure , and there is plenty of room inside to stash away a note or receipt . Moisture seems to stay out of the wallet - my cash is always dry . The best thing about it is how slim it is . It 's holding about 24 cards and is still half the size of my old wallet.The only possible downside is that it 's a little noisy . It crinkles when you take it out of your pocket . I once had someone ask me what I was eating when I pulled the wallet out of my pocket . But it personally does n't bother me much .
 I really like how thin this is compared to what I was using before.I have n't used any other thin wallets to compare it against.If you put too much cash in the upper and lower bill pockets it gets a bit too thick with the overlap . I tend to keep 1 bill in the lower pocket to help keep me from spending it and it works well
 This is the thinnest wallet you can probably find out there . Really thin and holds a lot of cards . Brought down the wallet from almost 1.5 inches to about 1/3 inch now . Particularly like the big pouch where you can put a whole A4 sheet folded 2 times without worrying about it falling out or making the wallet look bulky . The only thing i am missing is the space for those coins .1 / 4 star less for the fabric - it is too thin and crumbles while i put it into my pocket and sit on it for the whole day . Fabric is supposed to be pretty strong . Bug time will tell how strong it really is .
 Best wallet ever , I have used it for years . But it is too expensive . $ 2.00 worth of material and they always charge $ 20.00 . They would make more money by selling the for less and increase their volume . Either way , it is a great wallet . I try to recommend it to my friends but most who like it wo n't pay the price .
 I had one of these wallets.At first glance it is so thin and light you would respond `` are you kidding me `` But I gave it a try and this has been the best wallet I have ever owned.Every year somebody gives me an older style leather wallet for birthday or Christmas but they just pile up in the closet . I will not part with this wallet , holds more than every thing , like a money clip on steroids.After 5 years and stuffing in more cards than the recommended 30 the stitching started to pull out . SO I ordered another one.Other than my own abuse it has severed faithfully and other guys always ask where they can get one.This vendor shipped MUCH later than my Prime account said it would . In another 5-10 years I would not hesitate to buy another one .
 I have had this wallet now for a little while and yes , it holds many plastic cards as it says and maintains them very well as far as thickness it is Great !!! ... . the material of the item is slippery like a parachute type material ... but I am happy to say I am pleased with the product ... as far as durability it is yet to be determined but appears to be of decent quality !!! Overall , I would recommend this product !!!!!!
 This is my second All-ETT billfold . I wore out the first one over a number of years . This is no complaint - that wallet really took a beating . When it was clear I needed a new wallet I immediately looked for another . I like the two sections for small -LRB- US -RRB- and large -LRB- foreign -RRB- currency .
 This is truly one of those `` you have to buy it and try it '' products to really believe it - it DOES work - and it 's reasonable quality and finish - it 's all in how you use it , and how you fit things into it . I found it to be an outstanding product , and truly worthy of the advertising the company makes . I was able to fit everything in my normal , `` fat '' wallet into it and it truly WAS `` thinner '' by a long shot - so I ca n't complain . And , it fits easily into my front pocket , has a nice window for my DL , and plenty of credit card space - plus two nice compartments for cash/receipts/whatever you want to fit there . A very good quality composition , too - unless you want to try to tear it intentionally , it holds up to regular use and abuse - I 've had mine over 6 months now , and it 's in very good shape . I 've convinced 5 friends to purchase one , and all of them have thanked me and remarked how well it works . It 's nice to find something that actually works as advertised - Thanks , All-ett !
 A friend of mine gave me the All-Ett thinnest wallet and it 's great ! It 's as thin as they claim and holds plenty . The problem ? It falls apart way too easily and if you 're anything like me , you tend to cram as much as you can in your wallet . You 've got a driver 's license , a couple of credit carts , insurance stuff and stupid punch cards from a handful of lunch spots . All can fit . The wallet , however , will disintegrate after a few months and fall apart in a couple of years . I will buy more , though . It 's still better than carrying a thick hunk of leather .
 Thanks thanks to Mark Neilsen for suggesting the solution of putting a piece of card into the card-holder sections . That works great ! I think it 's not totally clear from his comment what 's suggested , so I 'll clarify here what worked for me : When I first read the suggestion , I thought the idea was just to add extra card to add extra thickness to the pocket . That seemed counterproductive -LRB- you do n't want to add thickness to the world 's thinnest wallet -RRB- , and when I tried with a few business cards , it did n't work very well.But the trick is n't to do that . The trick is to put in a piece of card whose height and length -LRB- not thickness -RRB- make it a snug fit into the pocket . A business card is too small for that . I found that a poker-sized playing card worked great -LRB- especially if trimmed just a little -RRB- . The playing card adds almost no thickness to the wallet . But the snug fit in the `` height '' of the card creates a sort of elastic grip when you put even just two or three credit cards into the card pocket . The extra cards distort the pocket a bit to squeeze the playing card , whose elasticity presses back , holding the cards in place . It 's sort of hard to describe , but try it and you 'll see . It really works.With this setup , I find cards wo n't fall out of the card pockets even if you pick up the wallet by its ends and shake it . Awesome !! I just tried it today , so I do n't know if this effect will run out over time as the card loses its elasticity , but so far is seems like a super-good solution.I just got my All-ett a few days ago . I like everything about it except the slippy-card problem . This hack seems to totally eliminate that . Thanks , Mark Neilsen !!! -LRB- Also
 It is hard to find a good wallet . Most are poorly made , illogically designed , and/or thick and uncomfortable . The way most wallets overlap credit cards makes them crack . I read a newspaper article about the All-ett and ordered one sight unseen.The newspaper article I read said All-etts are made from parachute material which is n't true ; they use thin spinnaker -LRB- sail -RRB- cloth . The all-ett does n't overlap cards , all cards and IDs are stacked in 4 pockets . There is plenty of room for bills and receipts . The material is paper thin yet strong and the stitching holds up to a lot of use.The All-ett does n't have the luxurious feel of soft calf leather or rich burnished colors . It is a piece of nylon cloth that crinkles when you fold it . Cards do loosely fit into the pockets so they can fall out if you are n't careful . Since the pockets face in you quickly learn to cradle the all-ett so they wo n't fall out after a couple of mishaps . Considering the amount of material in this someone could probably sell it for $ 2 and still make a profit so $ 20 seems like an insane price . It is well thought out so in this case you pay for ingenuity more than anything else . When mine wears out I 'll grudgingly buy another .
 I bought the an ALL-ETT wallet right after the New York Times review . Not sure how long that was ago , but several years I would guess , and I had previously gone through wallets at the rate of 1 per every year or so . The ALL-ETT is probably not for everyone , it only carries credit cards and cash , no keys , no change -LRB- and when you 're in Europe , that can be more of a handicap than in the U.S. , where change , sorry to say , is nearly not worth bothering with -RRB- . And it does n't retain the cards very well , you have to learn to unfold it in a V parallel to the ground . But those things all said , it does what it does nearly perfectly :1 . Thinner than any other wallet2 . Holds more cards than any other wallet3 . Virtually indestructible4 . Waterproof5 . Extremely lightThe little customer cards that practically everyone gives you take up so much space , plus various credit cards with various kick-backs , the standard wallet is really obsolete . Mine had grown to nearly an inch thick , granted I carry a fair amount of cash -LRB- when all else fails -- I do wish that $ 50s would get more in style , so many places do n't take them , and the ATMs did them for a while , then gave up I guess -RRB- . The ALL-ETT is made out of what looks like black sailcloth , the stitching must be nearly indestructible , maybe for sails or something too . ALL-ETT does make a leather version these days , but I just do n't see it . No need , takes more space . And that 's the real reason for the ALL-ETT , after all . Thin is it 's raison d'etre . It achieves the thinness by putting the credit cards into 4 pockets . You 'll have to alphabetize or something , if you have a lot , but it you think about it , that makes it thinner . The way the cash does the same is that there are actually two pockets . One bigger and in the middle , I put big bills there , and it 's slightly offset . The outer one is US bill sized , so good for $ 1-5-10 dollar bills , that you need most frequently to come close on change . There is kind of a crinkly noise at first , until it wears in.About the only improvement I can think of is if they rubberized the inside of the credit card pockets . That would keep the cards there from sliding out . I used some old electricians rubber tape for a while , that did the trick for a while , but that got some black on the cards . But once you learn to hold the wallet properly , you really can get by without it . Sort of like not openning a bottle of milk while it 's sideways , pretty common sense really .
 The wallet looks a little cheap -LRB- though it 's not cheaply made -RRB- , but it works quite well . It really does greatly reduce the size and weight of the wallet one has to carry . When I first got it , I kept panicking that I had forgotten or lost my wallet because I did n't feel the heavy weight of my old wallet in my pocket as usual . As the earlier reviewer noted , however , you ca n't just put one or two cards in the credit card slots . If you have a significant number of cards to carry , this wo n't be a problem .
 This wallet was exactly what I was looking for.Very thin for the front pocket , holds money tight , and fits 6 credit cards .
 If there is one thing in my life that has truly made me ecstatic -LRB- yet is such a mundane-looking item -RRB- it is my ALL-ETT ! It has brought me sublime pleasure -LRB- for over 5 years now -RRB- knowing I 'll never have a sore tailbone again or throw my back out due to having to sit with a list because of an old-fashion wallet in my pocket . Plus , it 's price is extremely affordable , especially when one considers all the savings from not having to visit the chiropractor 's office again . If I ever wear out my present ALL-ETT I 'm going to go `` hip '' and spring for the purple version ! Practically speaking , I keep a drivers license , a company ID card , a company phone list , 6 of my business cards , 2 proof of auto insurance cards , 1 voter registration card , 12 credit cards , 11 business cards , 16 assorted lists , and cash in my ALL-ETT and it is exactly 5/8ths of an inch thick ! Thank God for the ALL-ETT !
 I carry 16 cards & cash , this wallet was just what I needed to thin out that stack in my pockets . After reading the reviews I opted 6 months ago for the executive leather version since I still like the feel of leather and think crinkly sailcloth did n't sound -LRB- literally -RRB- all that inviting . Yes , even with 4 cards in each slot they annoyingly would tend to slip out when opening , its an obvious problem , plus the entire wallet is made out of this crinkly sounding sailcloth , except the outer thin leather cover . I also have a Big Skinny wallet which is made from a heavier rubber coated nylon -LRB- and thus thicker -RRB- but it gave me the idea . I just got a can of Plasti Dip rubber coating spray from the hardware store and sprayed all the sailcloth , inside the slots and out . Now the cards do n't slip out and the crinkly noise is greatly reduced , all for a few extra pennies . This is still the best and thinnest wallet you 'll ever find and I just told you how to overcome its two biggest flaws/complaints .
 I am not sure how one could give this item a unfavorable review . I have had one for almost 5 years and it is very good for what it is . I use it EVERYDAY ! It holds about 30 cards . It is very flat when it is filled with 30 cards . It is durable . I have NO complaints about this product , except it is not cheap , but ... . a GOOD wallet is not cheap ! I will be ordering a new one soon .
 I bought this for my boyfriend . He always carried a bulky wallet and complained about sitting on it . He switched to this one and seems to really like it .
 I was surprised at how thin this wallet was when I filled it with all the cards I had in my old leather billfold . The two cash pockets are great - one for bills and one for checks or receipts.The card pockets are such that one or two cards will slide out easily . The extra time to decide which four or five cards to stack and put in each slot is worth the dramatically slimmer wallet for me .
 I love this product ! Bought this as a gift . Husband 's had his for 5 yrs & it 's like new . Thinner than Kate Moss , as improbably durable as William Shatner 's career , & it holds more stuff than a hoarders garage . And it costs only $ 20 ! I dont get paid for this , but I 'd do an infomercial for the `` AllALL-ETT Billfold -- Thinnest Wallet Ever Made-ett '' !
 This is the best wallet I 've ever had . Now when I sit I do n't lean to one side . I have everything in this wallet that I had in my old tri-fold . If you want light weight and thin , this wallet is for you .
 Time for me to buy a new one of these wallets . I 've had a nylon one for at least six years -LRB- perhaps several more -RRB- . The corners are now frayed , and there is a hole at at the bottom where it folds , but it has stayed together , and the wear does n't effect use , only the appearence.I just counted 43 cards , one in the big pocket with a half dozen laminated photos , with a few receipts and other papers , and a several bills . -LRB- I seldom carry more than 12-15 bills , usually less than that . -RRB- One card in each slot is paper , such as a business card , and several cards are not embossed , just flat plastic -LRB- like gift cards -RRB- , so they are a little thinner , and I 'm pushing it a bit and really should go to no more than 10 in each slot , maybe a couple fewer . My slots may have stretched a bit , so everything just fits , but the wallet does n't fold so well this full.I think when I purchased this it was $ 15 or so , so I think I got my money 's worth . If you were really concerned about looks , you would likely replace it quite a bit sooner than I did.But it does hold everything , and has worked fine for me , and I 'd recommended it .
 I wish I would have read more reviews before buying to have a better idea of what the quality of the wallet was like , but it is a great wallet . I can barely even feel it when I sit down , which is what I wanted it for in the first place . It does not have the `` feel '' of a nice wallet since it is a crinkling nylon type material , but it feels like it is made very well , and fits perfectly in my pocket . I enjoy carrying it but I do n't like having to take it out in front of people . That is about my only gripe ! Great product overall .
 when I opened the package and held this wallet in my hand , my first thought was , `` this is n't going to work '' . It felt so cheap and simple and looked like it was put together with a piece of material in 5min . As I emptied my leather wallet -LRB- that was killing my behind -RRB- , and started transfering my credit cards and other cards over , the ALL-ETT did n't seem to get thick and bulky like wallets normally do when you stuff things in it . Still , I was skeptical and after putting the last card in the new wallet , I put it in my back pocket - that will be the true test ! an hour later , I noticed something ... my butt did n't hurt ! I did n't even feel my wallet in my pocket ! So , although it looks and feels cheap , it does its job amazingly . If your old wallet is way too thick and you constantly take it out of your back pocket while driving or sitting for long periods of time , you will absolutlely LOVE this wallet .
 yes this may possibly be the thinnest wallet but i guarantee its not the thinest and strongestthe mighty wallet wins hands down for slenderness and strength while also being green and stylish its the perfect combo functional style strength what more besides if it came with money its perfectCyber Tyvek Mighty Wallet Circuit Boards Chips - 3x4
 Bought this wallet several years ago -LRB- probably 5 -RRB- after reading about it in the NY Times . As I remember , as a result of the article , the company was inundated with orders which they could not fulfill immediately . I believe that because of delay in processing , they threw in a check holder . I still use both products and , as far as I can tell , they are in good shape . I carry a total of about 20 cards of various kinds . That amount tends to keep the cards secure . In the two billfold compartments , I carry cash , usually six to ten bills at a time in one section , and in the other section , I carry some other cards as well as those little swipe cards . The little ones are a pain because they stay deep and it is hard to get them out . The wallet is incredibly thin and strong . I do make sure that when I carry it in a jacket that the jacket pocket is zipped . Highly recommended .
 I 'm buying a replacement for my original all-ett which I 've had for almost 6 years now . The outside ` base ' of my wallet has finally worn through from the pressure of coming and going from my pocket with the cards corners pressing on it inside , and it 's time to get started on my next one.I say get started , because it takes a little patience to use this wallet when you first get it . I almost feel like they should pre-distress these at the manufacturer , because of the annoying noise it makes when you first get it - akin to the new Sun Chips bags . The crinkle _ does _ go away , but it takes almost a month or two . I plan to leave the empty wallet in my pants for a month and see if it goes away on its own just by moving around and me pulling things out of my pocket . Fingers crossed , because that crinkle is painful.So - that 's the first important tip
 For many years , I had a traditional wallet that I kept filled almost to the breaking point . Keeping it in my back pocket always made it uncomfortable to sit on for long periods , and I would go through at least one wallet a year -LRB- mind you I keep a lot of cards in my wallet -RRB- . Because of my constant complaints about how uncomfortable my wallet was , my parents bought me this wallet for my birthday 5 years ago . Yesterday morning when I went to the bank , I noticed for the first time that a hole was starting to wear in one of the corners . I almost got teary-eyed thinking about how much I had been through since getting it , and my parents could n't remember where they had found my wallet . Thankfully I found a tag with the company name and through the magic of Amazon , voila ! I found a replacement!That being said , there are a few caveats I should mention to others considering this wallet . The complaints about cards sliding out are true , but only if you do n't have enough cards . You need at least 20 cards to make this wallet work properly -LRB- that includes credit cards , ID , store cards , health insurance , etc , so they add up quick , at least for me ... -RRB- . Also , you need to be able to distribute your cards fairly evenly , so about 5-8 cards in each pocket should do the trick -LRB- or at least that has been my experience -RRB- . If your cards do dump out , try rearranging your cards and give this guy another shot before you kick him to the curb . If you do n't have quite that many cards , I think the company might have other smaller wallets , which I would imagine should be good if this guy is any indication , but I ca n't personally vouch for any of their others .
 OK , I have seen some people write here that positive reviews had to be paid reviewers . Garbage . I got one of these wallets 3 years ago and love it . But you have to know what you are getting . Firstly , it comes in a regular mail envelope so thin you would assume it is a letter inside or just junk mail to throw away . But the wallet is inside.THIS IS THIN . It is not rocket science - it is simply extraordinarily strong , lightweight fabric.Does it have a high class appearance ? No . Would some think it looks cheap ? Yes . My wife hates it.But does it function well as a wallet with minimum bulk ? Big Yes . I carry more than 20 cards , currency and some receipts and do n't ever feel I am carrying a wallet.Someone wrote there is a tendency for cards to fall out easily . Yes . That is true and comes down to just getting used to how to open the wallet to prevent it . Once you do , no problem.If you are after something that looks high quality , go elsewhere . If your focus is thin - this is it . I have had this thing for 3 years and it shows NO wear whatsoever . I am sure this think will last another 10 years without batting a lash.It all depends on your priority - mine is thin - I will NEVER go back to a traditional wallet - this one is just too compfortable .
 It certainly feels like you got ripped off when it arrives - it looks like a little ragamuffin homemade thing . It 's not packaged very nicely , which adds to the amateur feeling.However , I started using it anyway and overall it 's great . I leave it in my back pocket all day now -LRB- I used to have to remove my old one every time I sat down -RRB- . A few suggestions though ... the worst thing is that there are no separators between the cards so I worry about the magnetic strips getting damaged by continual insertion and removal . I fixed this by putting cards in so that their front sides face each other -LRB- the fronts of the cards are much more durable -RRB- . Also , the material itself does n't generate much friction so your cards can just slide out . However , the material is what makes it good in the first place so I 'm not what they can do about this.Finally , probably because it 's so thin and the cards can slide out , I 'd prefer it if it closed more positively - a stud perhaps?Overall , I 'd recommend it as a great wallet if you 're a minimalist , but it wo n't impress anyone with it 's looks and it 's quirks may irritate you .
 I 'm not a wallet guy . Have n't had one for probably 15 + years . I carry 6 cards ; license , credit card , debit card , AAA card , health insurance card and gasoline charge . having lost my credit card -LRB- why only that ?! -RRB- TWICE in the last year , I decided a wallet was in order . But thin had to be a TOP priority . Well gentlemen , this is it . However , if you want something luxurious and supple , you will absolutely need to look elsewhere . This is made out of sailcloth nylon and can be relatively noisy . In fact , it crinkles so readily , that I have mistaken it for the vibration of my cell phone when in my pocket . It takes getting used to . But , once you do , it is the perfect wallet for someone who really does n't want one .
 I moved everything from my former wallet that was over an inch thick into this wallet as soon as I received it . My wallet-induced sciatica disappeared overnight . I ca n't believe how thin this wallet is . The only odd thing is the fabric is very `` krinkly '' ; it sounds like you 're wadding up paper whenever you open & close it . I can definitely live with a noisy wallet when the alternative was one that caused sciatic pain !
 My first all-ett lasted about 7 years of daily use before it needed replacement . I 'm on my second now , and it continues to be a great wallet .
 Very thin and practical wallet . Nylon version less expensive than the leather one and much lighter . Buy leather , if you want to make a fashion statement , as the nylon is not very stylish .
 I have used the same wallet for over ten years . A bit of wear , but still very usable.Thus wallet is NOT stylish . It will not impress `` the babes '' no matter how much money you have inside . When you get it , it will not be impressive looking . It will look like 2 cents worth of nylon . It is n't even cool in that ironic or geeky way . If you have this wallet , even Bill Gates will try to pants you.Now , that we have that out of the way , let me tell you this is my favorite wallet . It holds a lot and it does n't get in the way . It is very sturdy despite it 's appearance . It is made out of the same material that they make parachutes . You put his wallet in your pocket , and it will disappear without a trace , only to reappear once you take it back out , If I had any acting ability , I would make it the main part of my magic act.The wallet will hold about 16 different cards . There are four card pockets , so you can organize your cards in various groups . There are two money pockets . There 's a deep pocket and a shallow pocket . I put $ 20s in the deep pocket , and put smaller bills in the shallow pocket for easy access . Older models had some problems with cards falling out , but the newer models have a piece of velcro that helps hold the cards in . I use to put a thin piece of shirt cardboard if I did n't have 3 or 4 cards in one pocket , but the Velcro strip does the job.If you want to be stylish , get a standard wallet or use a money clip . If you need a wallet that is comfortable to use , get this . There 's a leather model that 's a bit more stylish , but I prefer the original .
 I love my All-Ett . It stands up to heavy use , and for vegans and anyone else who cares about such things it is cruelty free . I 've had this one at least five years . Now it is a bit frayed but very usable . I too was shocked when I got it because it so completely thin and light.There is something in the brain that makes a heavy product seem worth more . Maybe they should ship it with lots of fake plastic cards and play money in so you will think you are getting your money 's worth . The All-Ett is much better than other nylon wallets because this does n't have thick seams or embroidery to put an imprint in your backside.I agree that with just one or two cards in a slot the cards do n't stay put , but honestly how often does do you just carry a credit card and an ID ? With all the shopper club cards required to get a decent price at stores these days I always have more than enough cards to fill mine up . The All-Ett is also lousy for carrying pictures of your loved ones , but then your cell phone stores pictures just fine.The bottom line is if you want to impress someone with the heft of your wallet , or the fine tooled leather then this is not for you , but if you want a long lasting wallet that is as thin as possible then take a look at it.By the way , I 'm not being paid to write this .
 I 've had this wallet for about three years , and it 's been generally very good . It is as thin as advertised , which I like very much . My only complaint is that credit cards fall out of the card pockets too easily . I 've developed a workaround
 I like this thing ! You can read the description , but when you see it you 're still a little taken aback . It arrives in a plastic sleeve that 's about as thick as a paper bag , and here 's this little black thing in it that crackles strangely when you open it . But the magic is this
 I bought this to use as a front-pocket wallet to replace a standard leather wallet that stacks cards in one pile . What a relief this is
 This is a great product ! I used to carry around a bunch of video store cards , credit cards , coffee club cards , etc. . This wallet carries it all in my front pocket ! I 've had it for about 3 years , and love it . The spinaker material is slippery , and you need to be careful of the cards falling out , but that 's the only negative .
 Even giving me the excuse to clean out my wallet this is real thin to carry . Certainly not a designer fashion , Not that that matters much . Does what it says .
 This really is a good wallet . Of course , what I like about it most is the size . Like most men , I had a standard leather biker wallet . A big bulky thing , that was so big , over the years I had to buy a smaller and smaller one . Soon I was getting annoyed and I started searching for a new wallet . And lately I have used a number of new wallets including a few money clips.I was surprised when the All-Ett came in the mail ; it came in a large envelope -LRB- completely flat -RRB- . The biggest complaint I have with the All-Ett wallet is how it feels . It is durable , but it feels flimsy and makes a crackling sound in your pocket or when you open it . This is because of the spinnaker cloth . I will repeat again , `` it is durable '' . But this aside , I would n't trade this wallet for anything , that is how much I like it . Many times I even wear this wallet into my front pants pocket for safe keeping , it is that small.The All-Ett does n't seem to hold very small , `` keychain '' cards very well . At least I have not found a way to hold them securely . It holds regular credit cards , cash , and pictures very securely . It also does n't hold change , no big deal because I hate change anyway . I have a large amount of material in my All-Ett and it is about one quarter the size of my old leather wallet . Right now , in my All-Ett , I have close to 30 cards , about $ 100 , and a few pieces of folded paper in my wallet and it 's still very slim and very small . I also like the All-Ett because I routinely carry a wallet in my front jacket pocket ; my old wallets were too big for this . In addition , it holds pictures better than most standard wallets which is a very nice feature , possibly overlooked.The biggest complaint most people will have with the All-Ett is how it feels and the sound it makes . It 's not really that noisy , it 's just a different feel . It is also not cheap , the rip-stop nylon is very thin so this makes it feel flimsy , but it is strong . I do n't believe this wallet will last 10 years or longer , but I definitely see it lasting 3-5 years . Some have been known to last 5 years according to their website . These are the only drawbacks I can think of . The positives far outweigh the negatives . I used standard wallets for years but I am now convinced , and love this wallet very much . Good product .
 Absolutely the best wallet I have ever owned . It weighs virtually nothing and adds no bulk to your pocket . I have been using the wallet now for a year and it shown no wear whatsoever . It greatly reduces the pocket bulk of my wallet while wearing a suit but still has all the normal utility of a typical suit wallet . As I type I have 17 cards and 22 bills in the wallet . Folded over it is literally less than a half inch high without pressing down on it.The wallet itself looks like paper almost but on closer inspection is a sort of plastic fabric material reinforced in some places with nearly invisible threads in a crosshatch pattern . The seams are all single stitch thread and all are very durable -LRB- as none have come out on my wallet -RRB- . This is a GREAT product that does exactly what is advertised . I HIGHLY recommend it . -LRB- For the record , I have no relation at all to anyone at the company nor did they request this submission -RRB- .
 Here is the deal . You will not find a thinner wallet . When I received it in the mail I thought it was just some promo flyer from ALL-ETT . It was the actual wallet , whoa . I was a bit worried because people were talking about crap falling out of the wallet . Well it has 4 pockets for cards , you need 16 cards total -LRB- it will hold more -RRB- and your stuff will definitely not fall out . There is a deep money pocket and a shallower one . i use the deep one for cash and the shallow one for receipts , phone numbers , coupons etc. . It makes a crinkling noise , BFD , you will get over it . Remember , 4 cards per pocket . if you only have 4 cards then put them in one pocket , duh . 8 cards then use 2 pockets , you get the idea . Even if you put one card in a pocket i still do n't see how it would fall out -LRB- look at the frickin wallet design , hello ! -RRB- it will just be loose . I mean its not like you are going to use your wallet as a football for Christ 's sake .
 I 've been carrying one of these for almost a year and a half and have been very happy with it . * The thickness -LRB- lack thereof -RRB- is great * I 've had a couple of times when cards slid out a bit but after you 've been using the wallet for a little while you wo n't have that problem . * After a year and a half , a bit of the stitching at the top is starting to come loose - it looks like a bit of ripstopper will do the trick to keep this from getting worse , and I 'm not seeing any actual problems based on the loose thread . Looking at the manufacturer 's site it appears they have a 1-year warranty and an expected lifespan of 2-3 years.UPDATE
 It feels funny and it 's noisy and it will take a bit of getting used to , but it 's thin . Really thin . If you 're worried about your credit cards falling out because you do n't have six for each compartment , cut a piece of cardboard to 6cm x 8cm and put that in behind three or four cards . This tightens up the fabric around a smaller number of cards and secures them quite well .
 As the previous reviews have stated , this wallet has pros and cons . It 's ridiculously thin . The wallet itself is almost nothing , all the thickness is from the contents you put in it . Also the layout is nice because the cards are in two stacks , so the wallet can actually bend a little bit . You wo n't even know it 's there . I used to never put my wallet in my back pocket because I have to sit all day . Now I ' do n't even know it 's there.People have complained about the cards falling out , which is weird since the card pockets open to the center of the wallet . If the wallet is closed , the cards simply can NOT fall out . My only advice is to get the junior wallet which is half the size . I only keep three cards per pocket -LRB- 12 total -RRB- and none of them have ever fallen out . If you only have 1 or 2 cards , then get a money clip . People also do n't like the fabric it 's made of . I 'd have to agree , it feels VERY flimsy and it does crackle when you open it . But the crackling becomes less the more you use the wallet and once you put some cards , cash , and a receipt or two in there , it feels fine . After a week , I was like `` Who cares what the hell it 's made of ? '' . It 's all function , but no fashion.My biggest gripe is the price . I live in NYC and you can walk out to the street and get 3 leather wallets for 5 dollars . This was $ 22.50 with S/H and I think that is too much . I mean , how much could it possibly cost to mail this thing , 32 cents ? If you order direct they let you get a second one free , so when I get another one of these , that 's what I 'll do . Still , I think $ 5-8 dollars with free shipping would be more appropriate.Bottom line , I love this wallet . It 's small , VERY fuctional , comfortable , discreet -LRB- pick-pockets ? -RRB- , and durable . Any misgivings it has disappear after about a week .
 This is a great performing wallet . At first it will take a bit of getting used to because of the thiness . At first use I was always checking if it felt out of my pocket as it is so thin is it barely noticiable.I thought the material would be something like cloth or thin paper , but it is very tought and keeps it shape . Definitely I wo n't go back to bulky leather .
 I 've had mine now for 3 years - it 's getting a little loose in some of the stitching but it has another couple of years in it . I will be buying a replacement then because it surpasses all the other wallets I have ever had .
 I was unsure that this wallet would really be a `` thin '' wallet . I carry a large number of cards because of work and always had a huge lump in my pocket . I got the All-Ett wallet and am amazed at the size . I carry all the same cards and it remains super thin . The only drawback is that the cards stack on each other in the four compartments , but I have gotten used to that . It is truly a remarkable wallet .
 It 's exactly what I wanted , the thinnest wallet available . The material takes some getting used to , but I 've gotten used to it . Yes , cards slide around a little , but I 've never had trouble with them sliding out.I notice there is a leather version on their web-site , which I may try out sometime.Did I mention that it 's thin ?
 I am getting him a new one for Christmas because he 's had this one for 10 years and it 's just now starting to fray -LRB- tatter -RRB- just slightly where it folds in half . This thing is indestructible , and holds a ton of credit cards , business cards , and cash , and still be totally flat ! He was having back pain from sitting on one buttcheek with his big leather wallet in the cab of his truck , and it was causing nerve problems . One week with the Allet and he was cured . Plus it 's cheap , and it 's washable , and it 's just a great thing . I have a smaller one for myself that fits in the front of my work pants and I hardly know it 's there .
 I wore out my old one after many years , and this one is exactly what I wanted , only better this time in black .
 First off , let me say that this wallet is n't for everyone . If you highly value style over substance , this product may not be for you . If you want a wallet to last for the next ten years , this wallet probably is n't for you either -LRB- I replace mine bi-annually -RRB- . If , on the other hand , you can deal with a less `` cool '' wallet in the pursuit of practicality and sheer comfort , I would highly recommend you give All-Ett a try.There 's not a lot I can add to what the other reviewers have already covered , except to say that the crinkling sound that people keep reporting does quickly go away as the wallet wears in -LRB- a couple weeks , if memory serves -RRB- . Also , I ca n't emphasize enough how nice the deep pocket is ; oversized cheques , receipts , lists - they all fit in there if needed.So , admittedly it 's not perfect , but even with the few drawbacks , there 's no way I 'll switch back to any other wallet .
 My husband loves this wallet . It is so thin and lightweight that he forgets he even has it in his pocket at times . After carrying around a regular wallet for years and being told by a doctor to start carrying it in his front pocket because of back pain , he loves that this one causes him no pain .
 This actually was a replacement of a previous All-ETT
 I tend to carry a lot of cards in my wallet . This is the thinnest lightet wallet I have ever had . I love it . The only drawback is that it does get wrinkle lines in the nylon `` parachute cloth '' , but I bought it for functionality , not for looks .
 My husband loves this wallet ! It seems cheap and crinkly when first get it , but lasts about two years ! He always wears a wallet in his front pocket and this one is great to not have a `` bulge '' .
 Great wallet as the other reviewers describe . When filled with cards this new wallet is thinner than my old wallet was when empty.Some reviewers mentioned that cards slip out . The latest version of this wallet has a rubbery surface inside the pocket so cards do n't slip out anymore.Not only is this surface grippy but it also stretches so the pocket can accomodate one card or a lot of cards.And regarding the noise ... when new and empty the wallet did sound crinkly but in practice , filled with cards and some cash , it has n't been an issue at all .
 Because I can never figure out what cards I should leave in my drawer , I tend to obsessively take all my cards with me everywhere . This wallet lets me do that , but it 's so slim it barely bulges my pocket . Downsides ? It is a little noisy , and you 'd have to tweak the pockets if you intend to use just a few cards . But for me , it 's perfect .
 After several years of service , my All-ETT billfold -LRB- the original one -RRB- needed replacing -LRB- the separator in the bill compartment came loose -RRB- . I immediately ordered a new one . The product has held up exceptionally well under heavy use in all kinds of weather . It is quite comfortable to wear in the back pocket of my jeans or dress pants . Absolutely worth 5 stars .
 This is the second of these I 've owned . The first one lasted several years . I attempted to use a Leather wallet I was given as a gift ; it only held half the items I was used to carrying and was twice as thick .
 I 've been sitting on the proverbial `` George Costanza '' wallet for the last few years until I recently lost it . I started looking for a replacement and heard about the ALL-ETT . I ordered it and have been impressed . It did crinkle for the first few days but after a week or so I hardly even notice it . Now , my wallet looks almost identical to my passport ! It 's great !
 I 've had this wallet for some time . Love it . As for the sound , yes , at first , the material does swoosh a bit but fairly soon afterwards the sound goes away as the cloth breaks in . As for loose credit cards , well , I 've always been careful when I open my wallet so that is n't an issue for me . I will say that the recommended number of cards per pocket is low . I can put 4 in each pocket easily as the cloth breaks in . 5 would go without issue and then they will be snug.Love this thing . Love it . MY biggest problem is that I ca n't tell that it 's there so I often hang up my suit jacket or pants with the wallet still in . Do n't even know it 's there . Love it .
 Bought one of these over five years ago . Carried daily . About a dozen cards a key holder , and an eleven function steel credit card tool . Finally a cople of months ag it started wearing out . I am ordering a new one to replace it . The biggest problem is finding which pocket I put it in as it is so thin . Definitely miss it when I use something else .
 At first I was actually shocked at how thin the materials were . In fact , when I first opened it , I thought they forgot to include the wallet . It does make a bit of a crinkling sound , but that 's just the nature of working w/nylon this thin . The thing feels great in my pocket and really does hold a ton of cards & cash . No regrets .
 I bought this wallet to use as a front pocket wallet . It holds all the cards I had in my old wallet with out any issues . -LRB- About 25 -RRB- I have not had any issues with cards falling out . I would buy this wallet again .
 I have been using the all-ett wallet for several weeks and it is both comfortable and functional . I would buy again .
 A friend suggested I get one after he saw my ghastly over-sized tri-fold wallet . Bottom line , I fit all that was in the old wallet into this one.I used to have to take my wallet out when I sat down anywhere . With this wallet , I never even know it 's there . -LRB- I have even had to check that it is still there several times . -RRB- The wallet pockets now have a rubber inset on the upper part of the pocket . This keeps anything you put in the pockets from falling out .
 I have been using ALL-ETT wallets since coming across it on a web search for a thin wallet a couple of years ago . I had been suffering lower back pain , and my chiropractor suggested that I stop sitting on an half-inch-thick block for 10 hours in the office daily ! I could obviously have just removed my wallet everytime I sit down , but having a merely ` average ' memory , I ran a real risk of leaving the wallet behind!The first version of the wallet which I owned was the original ALL-ETT Billfold made of nylon throughout . It was strong , yet so thin my wife jokingly called it my ` paper wallet ' , and when full of cards was only as thick as my old empty wallet ! I managed to carry a number of credit cards , ATM cards , membership cards -LRB- maybe 15 + -RRB- AND a stack of business cards in one of the pockets . Receipts fit comfortably in a deep wallet-sized pocket while dollar bills were handily available in a shallower pocket.The biggest design point - two layers of cards on each side - had the unexpected benefit of allowing the wallet to bend in your back pocket to fit . The wallet goes into jeans and suit pants equally easily.I liked this so much that when I found out they have created an Executive leather version , I bought two immediately . For a small additional premium , you get a well-made , more elegant version with the same nylon pockets inside . For a fraction of the price of something else with a lot less utility ! I use one for travel , one at home.The only fault I can find , if I try to nit-pick , is that the nylon pockets do not apply pressure to hold cards in place the same way a pressed leather wallet would , so you have to be a little more careful with the way you hold the wallet open while pulling out a card . A small price to pay for all the advantages!And yes , no more lower back pain .
 Like many others , I had some issues with the material when I first received it , but quickly grew used to it . The layout is simple and efficient , and it really is thin . I would like to see the material in the credit card slots made a bit stickier somehow , but after 5 years or so I am still very happy with the wallet . I subsequently bought a matching business card holder and am also very happy with it .
 Once you use this all other wallets will seem ridiculously fat and uncomfortable . I 've had mine about 2.5 years now and I 'm ordering another one to replace it because the divider has come loose.The other reviews have done a good job of covering how thin it is and what a great design it is , so I wo n't rehash that here.This fits with room to spare in any back pocket of any pair of pants I 've seen . It makes other normal wallets seem ridiculous for stacking everything in such a small space when pockets are so much bigger.Here 's a tip
 I 've had mine for about 2 years now and it 's holding up well , some minor stitching coming loose . There is a slight learning curve to using it because as others have said , the cards are not always held in too tightly , but you just learn how to open it . For me , it 's great , because I sit in a hood all day and my old wallet was tough on my back.My sister got one for her husband and his two brothers . Out of the 3 , her husband hated it , but the two brothers loved it . So , it 's not for everyone . I 'll probably buy another one soon , and lean towards getting the smaller one with only two pockets because I do n't carry a lot of cards.Only 4 stars because not everyone will like it .
 I have had an all-ett for nearly 5 years -LRB- before it was popular - the inventor of the all-ett is my second cousin ! -RRB- and it has never failed me . On one hand , it can not hold coins or keys the way that other wallets can , but , on another hand , when you put it in your back pocket , you can sit down and not even realize you have a wallet under your buttocks , and that more than makes up for its limited capacity to hold coins . It 's so comfortable that I 've fallen asleep with it in my back pocket and not noticed . I highly recommend it .
 I discovered the All-ett several years ago . I think the company was just starting up . My Chiropractor kept telling me to stop carrying such a fat wallet in by back pocket which is what led me to find the All-ett . It took a little bit to learn how to open it up without the cards falling out but once I retrained myself I did n't have any problems . Anyway it 's a great wallet , the design just makes sense and I love how fast it dries out if you ever get it wet . If I had to guess I 'd say I 've been carrying this wallet for about 4 years and it show very little signs of wear . If this one ever wears out I 'll be replacing it with another just like it . Well I might get the blue one instead of green next time .
 I purchased my first of these wallets over three years ago . I have been very pleased with it . It is definitely unlike a fancy leather wallet . It is a simple practical way to handle money and cards . It definitely takes the bulge out of one 's hip pocket and if you should inadvertently wash it the drying time is minimal . I wish it had lasted another year or two thus the 4 star rating , but I am going to buy another one and have recommended it to others .
 My husband wore out his first one of these after using it for several years , and I recently bought him a new one . He loves the wallet for its ability to hold a lot of stuff and be really compact , since he often puts his wallet in his back pocket .
 I have been using these since they first came out . Typically last 6-7 years + . Some that a I bought thinking they would have a short life are still in the delivery envelope waiting to be used . I have only gone through a couple . Referred to several friends over the years and have never had s complaint !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Perfect , it is just what I was looking for . It helps keep me warm when working out in the cold or when hunting . .
 If you are looking for one , this one will do the trick . Durable , blends well with tactical clothing , gets it done .
 I use these things for everything outdoors . They are great around the neck to block the sun and can be used to cover your face when the dust kicks up . I have used them in the US as well as in Iraq and Afghanistan . Simple , cheap and effective .
 Very prompt shipping and promptly received . Exactly like the picture . It was brand new in packaging just like mentioned . Absolutely love it ! Exactly like the one I used in Iraq .
 I would recommend this to anyone looking to get the best deal on a shemagh . At the price , I decided to buy 2 . Figure I will use one and put the other away in my ruck . Seems to be well made , says made in Pakistan , 100 % pure cotton .
 The scarf came in a very good shape , but the quality is okay . I mean i have another Shemagh scarf and its definitely much better than this one . Looks good , not that cheap but not perfect . Although for this price i recommend it ! Get it ! : -RRB-
 Very nice product . Good quality . Wears well . Large enough for good coverage . Other ones like this are usually small and thus can not be wrapped properly . I HIGHLY recommend .
 Bought this after a friend of mine on the other side of the world told me that they dont leave home without it -LRB- they travel a lot -RRB- . Sent me the link and I immediately caught on . It can really be a great fashion statement for women . What I do is when I tie my hair back in a bob , I wrap it over my head and around the bob . Its great for the colder days because it keeps my head warm , but in an interesting and innovative way , I enjoy the reactions and people asking me where I 've bought it and how I put it up . Its also great for staying warm in the cold , it breathes yet it keeps you warm , its great !
 Works great , instructions very clear too , got me arrested , going to Temple next week , hahaha
 Very nice piece of headdress , not so soft , not fancy , but it works in many forms , simple as many traditional tools but resistent and it has some style.This is made in Pakistan and the price is under its real value .
 I love using these Shemagh 's . I use it in the winter to cover my face when shoveling snow , in the summer when mowing the lawn or working in the yard to keep the sweat out of my eyes . I 've used it as bib when eating BBQ , as a sling for first aid , as a wrap to hold on a gauze bandage , as a handkerchief , hand towel , napkin , placemat for cleaning handguns.Washes out perfectly in the washing machine.I carry one in my car at all times and one in my back pack . I use them on a weekly basis for all sorts of situatons . Love them .
 Army Universe fulfilled my order quickly . The sand color fabric is definitely not a top-quality weave but it will do just fine , I do n't think these things are intended to last more than a few years of light but regular use and and maybe much less under heavy use . In other words , it 's as disposable as a mens cotton handkerchief . For the price it 's a fine value . This one does measure 42x42 inches . The first thing you might want to do is go all around the edges and make sure each knot is tight ; they are not there just for decoration . If the knots are allowed to untie the fabric will start to lose its weave . It came with no country of origin label or statement , has a strong `` I was born in a textile factory '' smell but clean , and no instructions so I 'm off now to ask the Interweb how to properly put this thing on .
 Nice bit o ' gear.Got here pretty quick.Nice material , good fast colours , feels like the real thing.Good size also , which is good as I will be using this winter when I go hunting wild pigs , it can get pretty chilly out there in the bush.would recommend it to others trawling Amazon for bits and pieces.Cheers.AusHunter069
 I own a couple of these , and bought authentic one from the middle east during deployments . This is the common military color guys are wearing now and then when they convoy or go on mission . Just like the Arabs/Persians and other Middle Easterners , this keeps the sand out of your mouth , and doubles as a simple neck gaiter when you 're cold or -LRB- they shrink after washing/drying -RRB- a face towel .
 I have the item listed , and it is needed . . You can wrap it around your mouth and nose during the crazy sandstorm weather . Most of the time it is just around my neck for wiping down the sweat , but you can even use it when you run out of TP . So carry a few in the pack . .
 Headed for training in the dessart . This will keep me from turning red , and it fits loosely around the head . Just enough fabric to block the sun and thin enough to let the heat out
 looks good , but to use n desert heat , doesnt make sence to use cotton , mayb rayon poly . . or anothr type of fabric , i walk n the city and the heat frm the pavement is hard on my face . . it can be like desert heat or worse , any1 knw of a better 1 here on this site ?
 Everything I thought it would be . Great quality and worth the buy . A friend of mine bought one from another site and his feels like less quality and when folded , his does n't match up to a good triangle . I 'd highly recommend buying from this seller . Real Review from a real person .
 This was an excellent purchase . The bag was exactly as described . Large size , multiple pockets inside and out , padded shoulder strap , plus an exterior zipper that when opened expands the bag by an extra inch or more in width . My daughter loves it . It works perfect for school books , cell phone , calculator and many other things she needs to carry .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 Great item , soft and comfortable , but lose support around legs . Stretches out , not a major concern but could be improved .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 i wear them and am proud , i think they offer a great amount of support and they are really comfortable . the longer leged ones tend to be more comfortable for me . i have had no problems with being made fun of in the locker rooms for wearing them . i think these are worth buying .
 Great product . My son feels comfortable with boxer briefs . He says they are comfortable to wear . I feel they are priced right for 3 pack .
 These work well for my son -- he 's not into `` tighty wighties '' but regular boxers seems to bunch up under his pants . These boxer briefs do the trick ... These are soft and comfie , and easy to care for .
 I 'm surprised how much I use this . I use it most often in its simplest configuration - it starts down around my neck , and I pull it up to essentially contain my hair in a tube -LRB- very nice after a shower - it wicks the water from my hair and stops that wet spot between the shoulder blades that anyone with long hair is familiar with -RRB- . Useful for a little extra warmth if it 's cold in the house , as a dust filter for sanding or changing the litter boxes , as do-rag for protecting my scalp from too much sun , or just a way to bundle up my hair when I do n't want to deal with it . Would n't pack a bag without it .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 the top was shorter then expected but made me feel great none the less and the panties were kinda awkard but i love em ' still
 I purchased this cami top for my wife as we like to show off her DD boobs!She wears it alone -LRB- nothing covered up -RRB- to local clubs and bars showing off her fantastic set of twins!she looks fantastic in it and always makes heads turn wherever we go !
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 Very Pleased with my purchase , I got the next to LAST item .
 I received my order promptly and in perfect condition . The product is as advertised and I am very , very pleased .
 Ordered these front hook bras and they are very comfortable . Love 'em . order them again
 I recently purchased a '' JUST MY SIZE COMFORT CUSHION STRAP FRONT CLOSE BRA . It came on time , in good condition , very reasonably priced , and the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . The straps are wide enough to lay comfortably on my shoulders , the bra was soft and fully supportive , and the front closing was the best part ; I have severe arthritis in my hands and this made it so easy to put the bra on . I will definitly keeping ordering this item and have reccommended it to my friends .
 I do n't even feel it once I 've got it on . The girls stay in place . The straps do n't hurt . Sooooooo comfy !
 I have difficulty finding this bra in the stores . So on a whim , I thought I 'd see if my favorite online shopping spot had it . And BINGO ! I love the the fit and quality . Could n't be happier !
 Smaller than expected so ordered next size . Overall Better made than many . Hope to wear both as I loose wt .
 Perfect sizing and style ! Easy to fit and easy on/off . Does great in the washer and dryer . Great price , too .
 I was hesitant about purchasing a bra online but I decided to try it anyway . Shipping was prompt and like most things I buy online I tried it out right away . The bra provides good support to my size 40DD girls . I would n't go to Zumba class wearing this bra but the girls feel like and stable in the cups . There is no under wire but the wide bottom band keeps my girls in the cups and not against my skin . This has been a problem with other bras and resulted in a heat rash . I do n't see that being a problem with this bra . It is also a plus that it is a front closure bra , although you wo n't get as much wear out of it if your band sizes changes any because there is only one set of hooks . The straps are very comfortable and do not dig into my shoulders at all . I did knock off one star because the side bands starting to itch like crazy a few hours in to my day . I plan to keep this bra but the search continues for the one .
 This fits perfectly . The Straps are very comfortable . This is excellent quality . It is well cushioned and tailored . You would not regret buying this .
 I ordered this product in my bra size and it was much smaller and I could not close the clasps
 Ordered this for my mother . She says it fits well and is easy to hook and comfortable.It arrived on time and in good condition .
 The product was just what I wanted , very uplifting/the straps were comfortable and I loved the convenents of it hooking in the front.I will definitly order another one .
 I received this clothing article right on time and to top that it is a perfect fit ... This has always been a reliable brand
 Great price , comfortable , quick shipping.Probably buy again . The front close takes getting used to but it does n't bother at all . Thank you
 At last ! A good comfortable bra . Due to fibromyalgia plus a bad shoulder , I was about to give up on ever finding a decent , comfy , supportive , and easy on/off bra ... till i tried this one ! And what a bonus ! I wo n't have to sell a kidney in order to buy a few ! ; - -RRB- I am not small busted . I measure at a 46ddd . due to jms only having smaller cup sizes -LRB- uh ... can anyone explain that ??? -RRB- , I went up to a 48dd . Just right . No pain in shoulders . Or at band . Band stays put , no ride up . I can wear this bra all day , no problem ! That has n't ever happened to me , usually the bra is off quickly when I am at home.Finally ... a decent bra to help a big girl in pathetic shape -LRB- health wise -RRB- .
 I injured my shoulder and could not wear my usual bra . Reluctantly I decided to try this one on the basis of cost and looks . It has been one of the best bras I have ever had . It does not drag on the shoulder , supports well -LRB- no bounce and I am a DD -RRB- and is easy to take on and off . I may never go back to my very expensive bras .
 For the larger woman , it supports , is very comfortable , reasonably priced , and does not contain much latex , if any , so it 's not hot to wear .
 The bra was perfect as advertised . Price is just right . Received on time and no hassles . Will buy another one soon .
 I absolutely love this bra with the exception of the fact that you do not have the size I need at this time . I have a back problem and in order for it to fit me I need a size 46B and you do not have this size . Is there any way you could fit me ?
 This bra is one of my favorite bras . It offers good support and looks good at all times under your clothing . I started using these bras 2 years ago after the birth of my daughter . It worked great as a substitute breast feeding bra . I would unbutton all but one snap and it worked great for me as a breast feeding bra and helped support my back with the wide strap . Well after 2 years the bras did wear out and started ripping , so now I am ordering more . I really like these bras , they get A Lot of wear
 These digi camo pants look great ! I live in a High Desert climate and the coloring is perfect for that . The material is strong and comfortable and there are pockets everywhere . I use this for airsoft games and although I can sneak pretty well anyways , no one can see me when I 'm in this thing -LRB- with the matching jacket too -RRB- .
 nice product , the camo works as i wanted but the size is for a guy with 20 kg more than me . you need a kneepad or your pants will be broken soon .
 Great quality , great pants . Has plenty of pockets perfect for hunting , airsofting , or any outdoor activities . My only concern with these pants is that in the photo , they have a darker tint to them than regular ACU pants . In the real product , this is not the case . They are normal ACU colored trousers but they still work great .
 disculpen que tarde en escribir este review pero no me di cuenta que no lo habia hecho , puedo decir con toda propiedad que estos pantalones son muyyyyyyy buenos no he tenido problemas de ningun tipo con ellos cuando lo pedi no tardaron nada en enviarmelos y me enviaron exactamente lo que pedi y tambien lo pantaones son de una calidad inigualable . stoy pensando en comprar mas para venderlos entre mis amigos en mi pais jejejeje .
 Size - 36 Inch Waist , Color - BlackI noticed some reviewers saying you should order a size larger in these shorts , but I ordered the size I always wear and these shorts fit perfectly.They look good and feel good , and the Multi Use Pocket is the perfect sizefor my cell phone.I am very satisfied with this product .
 I had one of these short in the past , so I decided to buy another one , the item description was very accurate , and the vendor shipped it very quick ! , for a very reasonable price.Nice heavy duty work shorts .
 Super durable , comfortable and usable ! Fits well and last through the torturer of daily work . I wear these everyday for work and could not be happier .
 Awesome work shorts for super hot environments , even though you sweat your butt off these shorts will dry in the matter of few minutes , they are a bit stiff but totally breathable . I like the extra room -LRB- loose fit -RRB- I wish there were more pockets though , but other than that they are perfect . After wash you do n't need to press them , they come out like new , nice and straight , what more would you want from shorts for $ 20 , love them !!!!
 These shorts are great for work , very durable ! The only complaint I have is the belt loops are really small and it 's hard to get my belt through them .
 I purchased two pair of these , in different colours , and ca n't say enough good things about them . They 're durable -- far more so than most other work shorts I 've owned -- and they fit will , show off the calf muscles very nicely thank-you-very-much , and were well worth more than what I had to pay . I ca n't understand why they are n't more popular than they are . More men should learn to love Dickies !
 fit great and are just what i need for work . they are perfect for warehouse workers or any physical labor titles .
 The quality of these shorts seems very good . The material is thick , the seams seem sturdy , and the zipper seems strong . However , I am returning them because they are bigger than any shorts I 've seen in my size . They fit great around the waist -LRB- I am a 31x32 pants size , I ordered 32 '' waist just to be safe and they fit a little loose -RRB- , however , they were very long . If I pulled them all the way up to my belly-button , they went to my knees , but if I wore them any lower they were entirely too long . If you wear your pants high , or have longer legs these will be great shorts and will last you a long time . However , if you are like me , and do n't have the longest legs , or do n't wear your pants at your belly button you will likely think they are very long .
 These are the perfect shorts . They are long -LRB- these are the only shorts I could find where I could get them skinny enough but they would also go below the knee -RRB- , durable , comfortable and long lasting . I 'm about to buy 3-4 for the year -LRB- school 's starting -RRB- , and I decided to stop and give a review .
 No problem with the quality of this product -- I had to return them though because they were too large for the person for whom a bought them .
 Dickies is a great brand , in my history of buying and using/wearing their products . These shorts follow the Dickies trend of superior functional ability combined with -LRB- what I would say -RRB- decent style .
 Needed brown work shorts , Dickies never fails . For the price , they 're the best ! Great length and material holds up well . I like the extra side pocket .
 This is the 4th pair of Dickies shorts I have bought through Amazon for my 15 y/o grandson . He loves them ! They wash well and always look neatly pressed without the iron !
 I can never seem to find these in the stores when i need them . i work in a warehouse thats hot all the time . and i absolutly love these pants for it . not to mention they seem to be the only brand to last in the warehouse for mote than a month or two . never even thought to try out dickies untill my mother `` trying to be helpfull '' got me some of their jeans . even there you can see that they last much better than other brands . it seems other brands just get thinner and worse quality as time goes on ... possibly since they are all made overseas . but i havent been able to kill any of the dickies yet , i just seem to outgrow them ... i need to work out : -RRB-
 Clean , simple lines , sturdy fabric , solid construction . Used as part of band marching uniform . The relaxed fit is a bit loose in the seat , for slender young men , but gives more freedom of movement . Worthwhile purchase ; even used after marching season is over !
 I may never take them off . Best cool pants ever . ... . Dickies , the short pants with style . The fit is just perfect .
 great quality , good looking , great price , love the phone pocket in my own opinion a must buy for those who like long shorts , hope this helps
 I looked everywhere for these shorts and finally found them on amazon . The color is pretty and material is sturdy .
 Excellent Product ! Professional Handleing !! I am a very satisfied customer , and I will do business with again !!! Many Thankx
 A little stiff right off the bat but after a few weeks they are the most comfortable shorts you will ever wear . I wear these shorts from 3am when I head to my first job at UPS from there I head over to my other job delivering furniture from 10 to 2 . I normally only have one pair at a time and they last me at least 6 months wearing them 5 days a week . the multi-use pocket holds my smartphone even with a heavy duty case , my ipod and box cutter all at the same time comfortably . No complaints .
 Wore these the whole summer . Great work shorts . Very sturdy and they look great . Reccomended .
 Really enjoyed the quality / Always wash everything before using . They washed up in regular wash to every satisfaction . Would order again if need be .
 I bought these shorts and they came pretty fast.There 's a smell when i first take it out , it smells like fish > : OLOLAfter a wash it was gone for me.Shorts are very comfy IF you dont know what size to pick heres my size 5 ' 4 and i got a size 31
 I wore a pair of these regularly in the warm months for , uh , eight years ? My girlfriend pointed out they were looking a bit worn , so I ordered a new pair to match . These may be the most durable piece of clothing I 've ever owned . Not exactly the pinnacle of style , but I 'm not a runway model , either .
 The dickies I ordered were the perfect size , dickies run a little small but knowing that i ordered one size larger than i wear and they fit perfectly . I work at a lumber yard and these shorts are awesome for the summer and durable enough that I do not have to replace them after a few weeks of wear and tear .
 When a size finishes it takes a long time before it comes back ! other wise this is a great deal .
 Loose fit ... very nice.I purchased khaki , it is very nice.If you hesitated whether to buy it , do n't do that!Buy it right now ~
 I got a pair of these cell phone work shorts last summer and they are absolutely great for the summer . I especially like the length of the shorts , the 13 inch inseam goes just below my knees which is great because i just hate how some of my old shorts were just too short . Plus the cell phone pocket is extremely useful especially when i 'm in the car and the phone goes off . My regular pocket just makes it too difficult to reach the phone but the cell phone pocket is perfect . If you are planning on getting a pair of these shorts get it from this seller . They have quick and reliable shipping for most of the colors . By the way i also got a pair of the Dickies 874 Work pant the same time and they are equally great . Dickies 874 Original Work Pants in Many Colors
 Purchased these work sorts for my husband . He `` loves '' them , says they are very comfortable and they look nice also . Really likes the cell phone pocket .
 Excellent value for the price . The fit was true to size . The shorts , although sturdy , are very comfortable to wear .
 Okay , folks , there is something you need to keep in mind when buying shorts or trousers . Most companies label a waist size as two to four inches smaller than your actual waist size . That is , your waist may be 40 inches , but when you go to Old Navy , their size 38 or even 36 may be what fits you . It makes you feel better about shopping there , because it makes you feel thin . Dickies , though , makes clothing for work uniforms , so an HR rep will take a worker 's measurements and then order clothing accordingly . So when you buy these shorts , take your actual waist measurement OR order two to four inches bigger . I ordered four inches larger than the jeans I bought from Old Navy , and these shorts are a PERFECT fit . Wonderful . A bit baggy , which is cool with me , and they 're really sharp looking . The colors are deeply saturated and vibrant , and the fabric , while stiff , is soft on my legs . It 's not a bad idea to get yourself a Dickies belt , either , because a lot of belts designed for jeans wo n't fit through the Dickies belt loops . The Dickies belt also helps to keep the waistband from folding down.Also , I was sceptical of the cell phone pocket , but it really is quite useful . In short -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- I give my wholehearted endorsement to these shorts . I bought three pairs !
 if you 've never bought dickies pants , it is important to know that the sizes are a little funky . i wear size 34 with regular pants . dickies i wear size 36 ... and they are perfect . as long as you know about this , dickies pants/shorts are the greatest thing since sliced bread . go to store to buy your first pair of dickies so you can figure out how they are sized , unless you wear them as high as the guy in the picture , youll probably need a weird size
 Dickies Men 's Cell Phone Pocket Work Short are the most durable , long lasting and comfortable shorts i have ever worn . No ironing needed make them a easy wash . If you are looking for some work shorts that are comfortable and durable these are for you . If you are in the punk rock scene these are also very fashionable . Dickies Men 's Cell Phone Pocket Work Short are a must have .
 Item came quickly to shipping address . Product is strong material and will last a long time .
 I bought 2 pair of these for my nephew for Christmas -LRB- yes , shorts in winter ! -RRB- since they were so cheap . He picked them out to save for spring . He is 14 and loves Dickies stuff , so he was quite pleased .
 The cut is almost like Khakis only they stop just below the knee on me.Two side pockets are pretty big and do n't bulge if you carry a lot of stuff like I do . Looks nicer than cargo shorts and has almost as much capacity .
 Excellent Product . Great Dickies quality and I love that I can customize the item with a screen print that I can choose . Love the cell phone pocket too .
 I bought these for when I 'm using my snow blower to clear the driveway . I 've had my fingers frost bitten previously and need the `` togetherness '' mittens afford my fingers.I 've used these for 2 winters now and have no complaints . I 've been out clearing snow for an hour or more when the temp was zeroF clearing snow and did not have any problems with my fingers getting cold . They are holding up well . I have very large hands and these mittens have not torn at the base of the thumb at all -LRB- a problem I 've had previously with mittens and gloves -RRB- . I do n't know how they would do for all day skiing at 20 below , but I am extremely pleased with the use that I give them .
 We just bought a second pair of these ! Living in Upstate NY , we like to ski and snowshoe and find these mittens keep our hands warm in quite cold conditions . Highly recommended .
 These are the first mittons or gloves that actually keep my hands warm ! I love them .
 Bought these at an outdoor shop on sale , winced at the price , but they 're the first mittens I 've bought that keep my hands warm on the sled for a 5 hour run at sub-zero temps . I 'd buy them again even if they were n't on sale . This is my 4th winter with them , averaging 1200 miles per year , and they 're still in great shape and keep me warm . Best feature
 I bought this shirt before my annual trip into NYC to catch a Mets series . The shirt arrived quickly . Excellent quality.I would recommend this for any Mets fan .
 I bought a large version of these tshirts for my son . He is around 5 '11 and 130 pounds . These are his thoughts : It fits perfectly , it is not too large or loose but not small or tight either . The look of the tshirt is great with vivid colors . The texture used for the logo 's on the back and front of the shirt are not bothersome when they touch up against skin . The fabric isnt super soft but not hard so it wont be bothersome . It doesnt make you hot when you are outside in the hot weather either .
 Good quality and true to size - put through several washes and still just fine !
 Mets TeeGood quality , as its a Davy Wright shirt , who is one of my favorite Mets -LRB- tho he 's in a slump right now -RRB- I enjoy wearing it .
 Ordered a road jersey for NY Mets , David Wright for my husband for Father 's Day . Purchase was easy , item arrived fast , quality was excellent . Extrememly happy with purchase , definetely recommend to others .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 Well I was expecting this to be more like a coffin box , with more width and 3D definition as it seems a little flat and boring/skimmpy . I wanted to use this not only for my vampire costume but also for bringing it out every now and again but I think it 's only going to be a one time use . With that being said , it goes nicely with the costume and is big enough to but some cards/ids , small makeup , and a small camera or phone . I would n't put anything too heavy in it as I do n't trust the material to hold up too well . The jeweled cross is the best thing on this and the clutch looks better farther away -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- versus close up . There is n't much out there like this , so that 's why I gave it four stars , it 's not perfect but it will do !
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 I bought this shirt before my annual trip into NYC to catch a Mets series . The shirt arrived quickly . Excellent quality.I would recommend this for any Mets fan .
 I bought a large version of these tshirts for my son . He is around 5 '11 and 130 pounds . These are his thoughts : It fits perfectly , it is not too large or loose but not small or tight either . The look of the tshirt is great with vivid colors . The texture used for the logo 's on the back and front of the shirt are not bothersome when they touch up against skin . The fabric isnt super soft but not hard so it wont be bothersome . It doesnt make you hot when you are outside in the hot weather either .
 Good quality and true to size - put through several washes and still just fine !
 Mets TeeGood quality , as its a Davy Wright shirt , who is one of my favorite Mets -LRB- tho he 's in a slump right now -RRB- I enjoy wearing it .
 Ordered a road jersey for NY Mets , David Wright for my husband for Father 's Day . Purchase was easy , item arrived fast , quality was excellent . Extrememly happy with purchase , definetely recommend to others .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 It 's so hard to pick a bag from a photo , but I was really pleased with this one . The style is lovely and the leather is high-quality . This has become one of my favorite bags !
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 I started commuting on a combination of a bike and the local light rail so I needed a backpack that could hold my laptop , its accessories , and a change of clothes . The Metro does all of this for me and , as I was pleasantly surprised to find out , considerably more . The main compartment is roomier than it looks and I can fit shoes , office clothes , a book , and my lunchbag in it without much of a struggle . The two right side pockets fit my laptop 's AC adapter and mouse pretty well , and the left side `` hydration '' pocket is EXACTLY the right size for the 24 ounce OXO beverage container I use for my coffee . The zipper for that pocket has a bad tooth so I have to be careful with it , and it came that way , which kind of sucks but it 's easy enough to live with . The top pockets are good for my MP3 player and small doodads although I keep my MP3 player in the bigger pocket , not the one designated for it , which I think is a bit small . The two smaller front pockets are nice and functional , with the top one compartmentalized for pens , ID , cards , keys , etc.The laptop pocket is handily accessed from the side and my only complaint about it is that there 's no padding on the bottom . Backpacks are set down hard or fall down frequently , and they nearly always land on the bottom part . A bit of padding under the laptop compartment would have saved a crack in one of the corners of my computer after the bag slipped out of my hands while trying to fumble open a car door one day . I know that 's my fault , but it would still have been nice.Overall I 'm very happy with the bag and have used it daily for at least a month with no issues . I know people who paid three times as much or more for their bags , which seem to be of barely higher quality and no more utility than mine .
 I am very pleased with my Ogio Metro Pack . It is just what is was looking for . great quality , wonderful space .
 For all of you out there who needs a pack fully loaded you 'll be amazed just how nice a full pack can feel and you can easily get your notebook out without going through a central pocket . Good price too . Many people have asked about this bag and are amazed how nice it feels slung over one shoulder .
 I know my colors pretty well . Have been involved in fashion industry . I ordered this in Teal color to match something else . The shirt is a bright , neon , turquoise . Does not match the pants I ordered it to go with . Should be labeled as Neon Turquoise , not Teal . Otherwise , this is a fine shirt . Wo n't return it because I hate returns . my son will wear it with jeans .
 I wear medium shirts , but i ordered this one in a small size and it fits perfectly fine . Not too tight , not too loose . It 's thin , but it 's still thicker than i expected . This shirt is good enough to wear with jeans for a very casual look . I will definitely be getting more in different colors .
 My husband likes the feel of this tee ; it 's not too light or too heavy . However , after washing , it was smaller than was comfortable . He 's 6 ' 1 '' and 180 lbs and the XL was a bit too small .
 Not too thick and feels great for a cotton shirt . I 'm 5 ' 10 '' 180lbs and very fit ... The large size was just slightly too large , but after one time in the dryer it fits perfectly .
 It is nice fit overall , and I 'm slim . It 's a bit tight in the shoulders after a few washings though . If you 're looking for a good purple shirt at a good price , then I think this would be hard to beat .
 Good quality , but not as &#34; Beefy as Dickeys &#34; Good length-medium weight-hold up to multiple washings with excess fading . If you need a summer/spring T this is it-Winter go for the Dickies .
 I got the large since the medium was too short . The large is way wider and not much longer . Overall this fabric does n't look see through with time and the shirts stay very white . I always wear undershirts with work shirts and these are my favorite over other expensive designer brands .
 I 'm the kind of guy who does n't like a lot of bells and whistles in his clothing . I bought these t-shirts because they are solid color and are n't paper thin like those expensive t-shirts you find at places like banana republic.They are a nice heavy weight material . I will say that they do shrink so you might want to order one size large than normal . I am usually a medium in everything and I found the medium size to be perfect when new but shrank a bit after a few washes . I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and 160 lbs and I found the tightness around my waist to be uncomfortable so I 'm going to order the large size in the future .
 Quality of the shirt was evident in its thickness . Yet it was a cool and comfortable cotton . It held tight to the vinyl design printed on it and did n't change after washing - but to get softer .
 I was looking for a &#34; stoutly made &#34; t-shirt . One with a but of heft to it , not uncomfortably thin the way most today seem to be made . So far the Hanes Beefy-T has given me exactly that . It 's a nice , heavy t-shirt .
 I 'm very please with all the shirts I 've ordered and I 've ordered a lot . They are made well and are heavy to be worn as outer shirts if you so choose or layer them under something else for a splash of color !
 Very happy with product . Fit and color were as advertiesed.Would highly recommend this shirt . We purchased this shirt to wear to an amusement park so that we could find one another in a crowd - worked great !
 The Ts do shrink a bit ; almost a full size . I did expect the shrinkage . It seems that after the first wash the shrinking is complete . A nice , heavy weight fabric . Good fit . I 'll buy again when needed .
 If you 're looking for some thick durable t shirts , these are the ones . Night and day difference from the package varieties that you may find at wally world or target .
 I bought these shirts when I could not find the colors I wanted from the Russell Pro Cotton line.They are nearly identical to Russell , but seem to be a bit coarser in texture and cut a little tighter than the Russell.I think washing them a few times will speed up the softening . Otherwise , a decent product . I will probably be ordering more , soon .
 Colors are great , fit is perfect , weight is ideal for Seattle summers and can be layered as the seasons change . Buy a bunch !
 Bought these as my daily Gym work out shirts . 100 % cotton like these shirts works amazingly well at wicking sweat . The tagless tag letters fell off after about 5th wash but does n't matter that much to me . Good price if bought in bulk/large quantities . Have had for a few months and all black shirts hold black color well . Good thickness on cotton .
 These beefy tees are nice and thick . The collar is durable and tight around the neck . I bought white beefy tees at $ 3.94 which is a great price ; they cost much more in stores . They arrived quickly.I 'll definitely buy again from these guys when the time comes .
 I purchased this shirt along with the competing Gildan t-shirt . Both are similar in nearly every detail . After a few wash/wear cycles , I believe that I like the Gildan shirt slightly more . The Gildan shirt seems to be slightly softer but only slightly . I do wish that both shirts had a little bit more stretch to them , they are pretty stiff.Well worth the money !
 why cant i find one like this in a store ? this is the prototype tee for the price . just the right thickness and the color is dead-on solid . need more like this one for sure !
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This cute top is a great color , comfortable and a flattering fit .
 This shirt is even cuter in person than the pictures depict . It does run a little big as other reviews state -LRB- I wear a small but purchased an extra-small and it fits perfectly -RRB- . The back is full ; it 's not like a tank top . The fabric is crinkly and adorable ! Very flattering !
 I got this for my wife and she likes the top a lot . It is not a lot of material , but looks pretty sexy . Your significant other will probably enjoy this . I believe it runs big , so buy the next size down if in question .
 This is a truely fantastic top ! It looks just like shown in the picture . I bought the XS olive green version because a reviewer said she bought the smallest size and her bust is a bit empty . Since i have a bust of around 33 '' or cup size 34A , i figured that would be my size , and I was right ! It fit not only perfectly , it looked even more fantastic than in the picture . It made my chest looks fuller and the top is just gorgeous . Mine did n't have any defects such as holes , as previous reviewers said .
 I bought this top in two colors and just love it . My husband too as it shows off the cleavage :-RRB- The crinkle look is stylish and the material is nice so you can dress it up or down .
 Well , I got my shirt no problem , there was even a free sample in it ... however one would think that when ordering a womens product you would get a sample thats taylored to a woman . I got mens deoderant . Oh well gave it to my husband , and it was nice to get something extra ! Havent even worn the shirt yet , its been too cold ! But it will get worn ! Eventually this is california after all its bound to warm up sooner or later !
 Finally ... a tank top that can accommodate something larger than a b-cup . It 's nicely constructed also -LRB- made in the USA -RRB- , and I like the fit . I usually wear S or M and ordered the small in brown , which is perfect . Great color also . I 've very pleased with this purchase , especially at such a great price .
 It 's a very comfortable top . It could be used as casual or somewhat dressy . I ordered the olive version . The only thing I do n't like about this top is that it 's a little too big for my chest -LRB- I bought the smallest size available -RRB- . Other than that , it 's great !
 OKay , so the quality is not that of a high end brand , but it is a super cute shirt . I do have to say that women withsmall bust size may be disappointed though . The way it is cut , you need to have a little extra to fill it in . However , nothing a padded bra wo n't fix ! I like that the back of the shirt is a full back . I thought it may be like cami , but it 's not . Perfect shirt for an updated look without looking like you want to be 18 again .
 like it a lot!A little regret that I did not buy more
 This is one of my favorite tops . It fits me great and is so soft !!
 This is a real cute top and great material . It also fits very well . Love jtb clothing . The colors are bice and will also make a good cameo for underneath a jacket
 thanks to the other reviewers , i ordered this top in an xs when i normally wear a s -LRB- but am marginally on the border and sometimes cross over to wear xs -RRB- . this top fits like a gem ! it literally hugs my every curve , as if it were custom made for me . i want more of them now !
 I chose XS even though I usually wear S . So the size comes a little bit bigger . I am so glad I read others ' review before I purchased my order . XS fits me perfectly . The quality is great , the cut is perfect . But the color does n't match the picture , but still chic color though . Very satisfied .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 i love this bra it is the only one what fits me right and is ok to were all day long
 Very nice silk tie . Looks great , very subtle pattern tha you have to getcloser to before you see it . It does n't stand out as a `` novelty '' tie at all.When we shopped to match shirts -LRB- looks great with white , grey , and yellow/cream shirts ! -RRB- the tie-and - suit selling ladies LOVED this tie . So even the expert eye gives it the ok .
 A very nice hat with a slightly high price tag . I had a big head and I brought the X-large version of the Tula Gardener hat . It fit perfectly and comfortably on my head .
 I was very happy when this hat arrived because it fit my husband 's very large head . -LRB- We bought the X-large -RRB- This is a major problem finding him a hat . The first day he took it to the farm he came back and it looked like the dog had gotten hold of it . I asked what had happened and he said he got into some yellow jackets on the tractor and the hat had come in handy to bat at them , Although it is tattered , he is still wearing it and it is serving the purpose so it is very well made . You might say it is a multi purpose hat .
 This cute top is a great color , comfortable and a flattering fit .
 This shirt is even cuter in person than the pictures depict . It does run a little big as other reviews state -LRB- I wear a small but purchased an extra-small and it fits perfectly -RRB- . The back is full ; it 's not like a tank top . The fabric is crinkly and adorable ! Very flattering !
 I got this for my wife and she likes the top a lot . It is not a lot of material , but looks pretty sexy . Your significant other will probably enjoy this . I believe it runs big , so buy the next size down if in question .
 This is a truely fantastic top ! It looks just like shown in the picture . I bought the XS olive green version because a reviewer said she bought the smallest size and her bust is a bit empty . Since i have a bust of around 33 '' or cup size 34A , i figured that would be my size , and I was right ! It fit not only perfectly , it looked even more fantastic than in the picture . It made my chest looks fuller and the top is just gorgeous . Mine did n't have any defects such as holes , as previous reviewers said .
 I bought this top in two colors and just love it . My husband too as it shows off the cleavage :-RRB- The crinkle look is stylish and the material is nice so you can dress it up or down .
 Well , I got my shirt no problem , there was even a free sample in it ... however one would think that when ordering a womens product you would get a sample thats taylored to a woman . I got mens deoderant . Oh well gave it to my husband , and it was nice to get something extra ! Havent even worn the shirt yet , its been too cold ! But it will get worn ! Eventually this is california after all its bound to warm up sooner or later !
 Finally ... a tank top that can accommodate something larger than a b-cup . It 's nicely constructed also -LRB- made in the USA -RRB- , and I like the fit . I usually wear S or M and ordered the small in brown , which is perfect . Great color also . I 've very pleased with this purchase , especially at such a great price .
 It 's a very comfortable top . It could be used as casual or somewhat dressy . I ordered the olive version . The only thing I do n't like about this top is that it 's a little too big for my chest -LRB- I bought the smallest size available -RRB- . Other than that , it 's great !
 OKay , so the quality is not that of a high end brand , but it is a super cute shirt . I do have to say that women withsmall bust size may be disappointed though . The way it is cut , you need to have a little extra to fill it in . However , nothing a padded bra wo n't fix ! I like that the back of the shirt is a full back . I thought it may be like cami , but it 's not . Perfect shirt for an updated look without looking like you want to be 18 again .
 like it a lot!A little regret that I did not buy more
 This is one of my favorite tops . It fits me great and is so soft !!
 This is a real cute top and great material . It also fits very well . Love jtb clothing . The colors are bice and will also make a good cameo for underneath a jacket
 thanks to the other reviewers , i ordered this top in an xs when i normally wear a s -LRB- but am marginally on the border and sometimes cross over to wear xs -RRB- . this top fits like a gem ! it literally hugs my every curve , as if it were custom made for me . i want more of them now !
 I chose XS even though I usually wear S . So the size comes a little bit bigger . I am so glad I read others ' review before I purchased my order . XS fits me perfectly . The quality is great , the cut is perfect . But the color does n't match the picture , but still chic color though . Very satisfied .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This bag is the perfect size for the gym . You can pack a couple sets of gym clothes in it along with a pair of running shoes . The side pockets are great for your magazines , paperback , water bottle and IPOD . Just the perfect bag .
 Bought three of these shirts in various colors/styles for a summer luau wedding and they are absolutely beautiful . I do n't think I 've ever been more satisfied with an Amazon purchase than I am with these shirts . Simply fantastic !
 I bought a few of these and really like them . They 're mostly true to their sizing , a bit on the small side if anythnig but not much . They take the time to integrate the design into the pocket and across the front opening where the design demands . Nice touch.IMO , realy a good value , made in the US , made well and reasonably priced .
 These are great shirts at a wonderful price ! If you are going to get a Hawaiian shirt , try these . They tend to run a bit small ; get the larger size .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 I bought a pair for my daughter , tried them on , then bought anotherfor myself . If you have a smaller head , these fit wonderfully . Theyare very stylish on and a great buy !
 These are my second pair and will last forever as long as you do n't sweat too much or get them wet ... great for the walk ... very comfortable .
 These wings are very cute . Bought them for my 7 year old to wear for Halloween . They are very cute and bright pink . The only reason I gave it 4 stars because of 5 is because the feathers are already falling off and she only had it on for about 1/2 hour . Nice size , not too big .
 i love this bra it is the only one what fits me right and is ok to were all day long
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 The best sweat-protection piece of clothing ever . If you blouse or shirt is not too thin , this camisole is not even detectable . The armpit pads stay in place all day . The fabric also absorbs sweat from you back , so you 'll not have any wet spots on your clothes even on the hottest summer day.Additionaly , it gives you breasts a nice visual lift .
 I have hyperhydrosis and bought this hoping it would be better than the underarm shields I have tried before.Pros
 The jersey was received in just a few days and in perfect shape . The person who received it found the shirt to be a quality product .
 I have owned many pairs of Dockers Flat Front Original Khaki pants and have always loved them . They are the perfect casual work pant and are comfortable to wear . They do n't usually wrinkle much and they hold up well . I would consider these a good investment . The waist seems to run slightly smaller than many other pants so you may want to get one size larger than you normally would .
 I wo n't give them 5 stars because they 're not really as wrinkle-free as they advertised or as my similar Van Heusen khakis . Either way , they are still light and tr&eacute;s comfortable .
 These pants are wonderful , I have boxy hips and the flat front style takes away from that particular silhouette a and I like that
 Great quality , no time waisted and plenty of choices regarding sizes and color . I will never buy them at the store .
 fit great , feel great , durable , and it works well in both my professional and casual wardrobe
 I 've always been a Dockers fan.I love the fit of the flat front . The fabric does n't just crease any how . I love it .
 an excellent pant , comfortable , smooth , good packaging , the measure of pant in line with what the seller say .
 Just right ! It does n't matter how many times it 's been crumpled or washed , it does n't need to be ironed and the crease stays put . The waistline is n't too high , and it 's not too baggy or too tight . Formal enough for work , casual enough for anything else ; I 've even hiked in them -LRB- and the mud stains came right off in one cycle in the wash -RRB- . These are , hands-down , my favorite pants .
 These are the one and only , classic fit original khaki pants from Dockers . The Dockers label is the Kleenex of khaki pants . . the Rolls Royce ... the Xerox . The name is synonymous with the semi-casual look . These pants go great with a leather belt w / cell phone clipped , polo shirt , a clean shave and a crew cut .
 The item is well liked by my husband is one of his favorites since it fit adequately and comfortable .
 It 's nice to find a pair of pants that do n't need any work to fit me right out of the package ! Bought another pair in gray as soon as I used this ones for the first time .
 My teenaged son needs 30x34 pants - which are the dickens to find , even in the big department stores . This fits , and is comparable in price to what I find in the big stores on sale .
 The slacks arrived very quickly . They are a brand new , high-quality product in great shape .
 These pants are great for comfort . True value for the price . So said , there is no individual waist band . Also when you sit normally on a chair , the white fabric inside your side pockets is clearly visible . They could have used the same fabric as the color of the trousers . So , all in all I gave a 4 star .
 I bought two pair to test as work pants . I also bought two pair of another brand . It has been months now , and the pants seem to wear well , and they do not wrinkle . From the washing machine to the dryer , to me in the morning . They always look sharp , and they fit well . That 's all I asked for , and they delivered .
 Useful pants for almost every ocasion . Color does not fade easily . Nice fit .
 I do n't need to tell men over six feet tall or with waists greater than 38 '' that you can burn a ton of gas trying to find clothes that fit . Dockers is a known quantity . So once you find your size , it 's down hill from there . A good price rounds-out the experience .
 The pants are well made , and good quality . I was disappointed in the Individual Fit Waistband ... it hardly gives at all .
 These are great pants and at a great price . I usually have to drive a long way to find a store that has my size .
 There was a far greater ability to get the Dockers I wanted through this vendor than by going to ANY department store . And the prices were significantly better online . The delivery time was a bit slow -- but the time was known at the time I made the purchase -- no false promises of fast delivery . I 'm delighted with this transaction .
 Bought these as my daily Gym work out shirts . 100 % cotton like these shirts works amazingly well at wicking sweat . The tagless tag letters fell off after about 5th wash but does n't matter that much to me . Good price if bought in bulk/large quantities . Have had for a few months and all black shirts hold black color well . Good thickness on cotton .
 These beefy tees are nice and thick . The collar is durable and tight around the neck . I bought white beefy tees at $ 3.94 which is a great price ; they cost much more in stores . They arrived quickly.I 'll definitely buy again from these guys when the time comes .
 I purchased this shirt along with the competing Gildan t-shirt . Both are similar in nearly every detail . After a few wash/wear cycles , I believe that I like the Gildan shirt slightly more . The Gildan shirt seems to be slightly softer but only slightly . I do wish that both shirts had a little bit more stretch to them , they are pretty stiff.Well worth the money !
 why cant i find one like this in a store ? this is the prototype tee for the price . just the right thickness and the color is dead-on solid . need more like this one for sure !
 I know my colors pretty well . Have been involved in fashion industry . I ordered this in Teal color to match something else . The shirt is a bright , neon , turquoise . Does not match the pants I ordered it to go with . Should be labeled as Neon Turquoise , not Teal . Otherwise , this is a fine shirt . Wo n't return it because I hate returns . my son will wear it with jeans .
 I wear medium shirts , but i ordered this one in a small size and it fits perfectly fine . Not too tight , not too loose . It 's thin , but it 's still thicker than i expected . This shirt is good enough to wear with jeans for a very casual look . I will definitely be getting more in different colors .
 My husband likes the feel of this tee ; it 's not too light or too heavy . However , after washing , it was smaller than was comfortable . He 's 6 ' 1 '' and 180 lbs and the XL was a bit too small .
 Not too thick and feels great for a cotton shirt . I 'm 5 ' 10 '' 180lbs and very fit ... The large size was just slightly too large , but after one time in the dryer it fits perfectly .
 It is nice fit overall , and I 'm slim . It 's a bit tight in the shoulders after a few washings though . If you 're looking for a good purple shirt at a good price , then I think this would be hard to beat .
 Good quality , but not as &#34; Beefy as Dickeys &#34; Good length-medium weight-hold up to multiple washings with excess fading . If you need a summer/spring T this is it-Winter go for the Dickies .
 I got the large since the medium was too short . The large is way wider and not much longer . Overall this fabric does n't look see through with time and the shirts stay very white . I always wear undershirts with work shirts and these are my favorite over other expensive designer brands .
 I 'm the kind of guy who does n't like a lot of bells and whistles in his clothing . I bought these t-shirts because they are solid color and are n't paper thin like those expensive t-shirts you find at places like banana republic.They are a nice heavy weight material . I will say that they do shrink so you might want to order one size large than normal . I am usually a medium in everything and I found the medium size to be perfect when new but shrank a bit after a few washes . I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and 160 lbs and I found the tightness around my waist to be uncomfortable so I 'm going to order the large size in the future .
 Quality of the shirt was evident in its thickness . Yet it was a cool and comfortable cotton . It held tight to the vinyl design printed on it and did n't change after washing - but to get softer .
 I was looking for a &#34; stoutly made &#34; t-shirt . One with a but of heft to it , not uncomfortably thin the way most today seem to be made . So far the Hanes Beefy-T has given me exactly that . It 's a nice , heavy t-shirt .
 I 'm very please with all the shirts I 've ordered and I 've ordered a lot . They are made well and are heavy to be worn as outer shirts if you so choose or layer them under something else for a splash of color !
 Very happy with product . Fit and color were as advertiesed.Would highly recommend this shirt . We purchased this shirt to wear to an amusement park so that we could find one another in a crowd - worked great !
 The Ts do shrink a bit ; almost a full size . I did expect the shrinkage . It seems that after the first wash the shrinking is complete . A nice , heavy weight fabric . Good fit . I 'll buy again when needed .
 If you 're looking for some thick durable t shirts , these are the ones . Night and day difference from the package varieties that you may find at wally world or target .
 I bought these shirts when I could not find the colors I wanted from the Russell Pro Cotton line.They are nearly identical to Russell , but seem to be a bit coarser in texture and cut a little tighter than the Russell.I think washing them a few times will speed up the softening . Otherwise , a decent product . I will probably be ordering more , soon .
 Colors are great , fit is perfect , weight is ideal for Seattle summers and can be layered as the seasons change . Buy a bunch !
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 So sleek so stylish , I feel like a celeb every time I slip on my shades.Love the case that came with them Thank you for the quick and easy transaction .
 I love this carry on suitcase . It is very easy to manuever and it fits first time in the luggage rack of the airplane . Wonderful buy for a wonderful price . I recommend this to any travellers .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 I love Cobain and this is by far the best Cobain shirt Ive ever seen . Its just overall a great shirt . If you are a fan of Cobain , its a must buy .
 This was a birthday gift for a child . It was a huge success ! He loved it and plans to use it for Halloween also . It was slightly snug on his head so an adult size might be better for a kid with a slightly bigger head size .
 Bought two of these for a theme night for the kids at camp . So cute and unique that we 're using them at Halloween .
 I bought this for my 6yr old son and he absolutely loved it . He was so excited when he opened it . He is on the taller side for his age and it is a little big . He loves the cape . He likes to wear the costume to bed so I 've washed it a lot and it still looks like new .
 Overall , this bag is close to perfect for my uses . Importantly , there is plenty of room to tuck books and magazines in the bag , and plenty of zippered pockets to store wallets and such . Here are some more specific comments about my reactions to the bag , with some suggestions for how it might be improved :1 . There are some unsecured business-card-sized slots in the front part of the bag that are impractical . Anything put in there would inevitably fall out . The space should be put to better use .2 . There is only one pen slot .3 . The strap on the bag 's flap that clips to the interlocking clip on the bag itself is a little too short . In practice this means that in order to clip the bag closed you have to lift up the end part of the flap with a second hand , which is inconvenient .4 . The flap itself is rather firm . I think I would prefer it less firm , but others may not feel likewise .5 . The shoulder strap has a tendency to get twisted up . This might not happen with a wider , slightly more substantial strap .6 . There is a small pocket in the flap itself , open on the outside , and closed by velcro . Since it 's not protected from rain , one ca n't put just anything in there , and I have n't quite decided what to make of the space.All of which said , the bag comes very close to being the perfect bag for someone who needs/wants to tote around books as well as diapers and so on . I particularly like that a sizeable zippered pocket is easily available without lifting up the flap to get to the bag 's inner section . If you have to get moving in a hurry , it 's easy to throw stuff in there . Finally , the bag , because of its shape -LRB- taller than it is wide -RRB- , is able to fit a surprising amount of stuff without seeming too big . -LRB- The stats given for the bag 's depth , by the way , are deceptive . It 's possible that when stuffed full it could be 7 inches deep -- in which case it would be an ungainly near-cube -- but with regular use it certainly is n't . -RRB- Reviewed by Debra Hamel , author of Trying Neaira
 I bought a Baggalini Messenger Bag from Bergman Luggage , I was going to use that for my Disneyland trip with my husband . I soon grew to hate it when & was about to return it & lost my sales receipt . I hate the thought of using it in a crowded place -LRB- you have to wear it like a backpack . -RRB- I discovered the Eagle Creek Vagabond bag at my local sporting goods shop . -LRB- I did not buy it through Amazon -RRB- I love it ! The pockets are deep , accessible for water bottles/cellphone , tons of pockets for miscellaneous travel stuff .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 I went on the advice of the previous customer review however I do n't agree . The size up is a little too big . It is a fantastic bra , fits beautifully , lifts and seperated , ... Awesome post-baby support ! Highly recommend ! In fact am back to buy another !
 The Lullawrap was recommended to me by a friend and was one of the only things I bought for my daughter before she was born . I was n't that impressed with it until I actually used it . What a GREAT swaddle blanket . It is the only one we use ! It 's soft and big and has a little give in it so that we can swaddle tightly and feel comfortable about it . Also , the simplicity of its design -LRB- white -RRB- photographs well in the first weeks when the baby stayed swaddled most of the time and appeared in countless photos . I actually had to buy a second as soon as the first one needed to be washed because we could n't swaddle her well in anything else and thus , we had a hard time putting her to sleep . This blanket was the staple of staple baby items used during our first month home with our new baby . I highly recommend it to any new parent .
 By far the easiest swaddling blanket for new parents - got one as a gift for our 1st baby and loved it so much , we bought another for our 2nd and are buying it for all our friends who are expecting . Soft , padded , stretchy so squirmy little ones do n't get out as easily and are kept cozy and , most importantly , sleeping in this little coccoon . It helped our colicky baby better than any other wrap by helping her sleep better , longer , and without needing to be held by us ! We used this well past 8 weeks for our 1st child , at least a month longer , but the length of utility will depend on the size of your baby . Highly recommend this swaddling wrap .
 The Lullawrap Blanket is the softest most snuggly blanket I have ever felt . It wraps a newborn in loving security and yet is an extremely breathable cotton making it great for cold and warmer months alike ! The beautiful details and functionality make this my `` go to blanket '' ! No wonder it was the `` Parent Award Winner '' ! It will quickly be your favorite !
 This blanket is soft and thicker than other swaddle blankets I 've had . I got one as a gift for my first child and loved it . Just got 2 more for the second child because if it gets soiled I have back up ones . Baby stays in swaddle if wrapped correctly and again , I like that it is on the thicker and warmer side for winter ! I definitely recommend !
 This was a bday gift for one of my family members , who is of course a flyers fan . It got to him in good timing and he really liked it . So that makes me happy .
 Rothco is a well made and comfortable hat . This hat is ultra sharp , fits well and is low profile . I receive many complements on it ... thanks Amazon and Rothco !
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 LOVE this hat . Bought the medium for my 20 month-old daughter & it fits very well , yet still has plenty of room for growth . It is such a warm , warm hat & I love how it completely covers her ears , without any tie/band that she would inevitably take off . It is the cutest hat I 've ever seen . People stop us everywhere & comment on the hat . It is so colorful & fun !!
 Very satisfied with product . My daughter loves it !! The order was shipped quickly and correct . I would do business with this company again !! As a matter of fact , I bought the blue dino hat for my son , and he hates to take it off , he loves it so much !! Two thumbs up !!
 People stop me all the time to tell me how adorable my granddaughter looks in her hat . It really is so fun !!
 I bought this hoodie sweatshirt for my teen-age son . It 's very well made and heavy yet soft . It 's a good thing because he wears it nearly every day . Really great buy .
 This is a heavy weight , very well made sweatshirt . I get lots of compliments when I wear this .
 I bought the first one 2 years ago for my son , and I had to replaced it . I tried another one but he could n't fit all his books , and I ordered another High Sierra fat boy . The quality is excellent and the price very reasonable . If you child has many books to carry this is the best back pack for it .
 Not too big . Nott too small . Excellent material . Withstands heavy school loads . So far so good . High recommend this product .
 Bought this as a back-to-school pack for my elementary school-age son -LRB- 7 -RRB- . Love the look ! Durable ! Lightweight ! BUT
 This backpack is wonderful and it arrived just as expected . My daughter was thrilled to get exactly what she wanted for her birthday .
 I brought this bag for my daughter and she love it . SO I would purchase a next one ! Worth to buy !!!!!!
 I bought the High Sierra fat boy backpack for my weekend camps about two months back . I love trekking and always wanted a durable , large and versatile backpack . This backpack has everything I wanted . The compartments are big enough to hold my trekking shoes , snack , rope , hooks and more . Despite the size the backpack is quite spacious . The straps are adjustable and the backpack also facilitates a MP3 player pocket with headphone port . The shoulder strap is comfortable as it is Vapel mesh airflow padded . Similarly the back panel also is padded . The backpack is of the right size and not bulky . The zippers are of high quality even after rough use it is still working fine .
 Nice backpack for a biker , roomy but not too large to wear while riding . Several zipper pockets , and padded shoulder straps.Large enough to hold all the bike gear , a thermos and lunch and rides high on the back and does n't interfere with pedaling . High quality and worth it if you need one .
 I really like the blue color of the blue/gray back pack . I like that there are a lot of compartments and being able to put a variety of things in the pack . The straps are very comfortable and easy to adjust . I feel the pack is a great quality product and the price is more than fair .
 I wanted a backpack for traveling to sports tournaments and going on trips . I 've been using the fat boy for a few months and it has held up very well . I got it from Amazon for about $ 30 . The backpack seems to be high quality , has good compartments and does the job . In my opinion , great buy for the price .
 My son started school with a sports team pack that only lasted until October when the stitching started coming apart at the zipper section . This High Sierra pack was purchased to get him through the rest of 4th grade . It is a high quality pack , with extra room . No wheels , but plenty of extra zipper pockets .
 I 've had my old black high sierra backpack since September 2011 , my dad used it before me for quite awhile . It has a laptop sleeve inside and it 's very good quality . I ordered the grungy one here but I did n't know that it did n't come with a laptop sleeve inside . I 'm a little disappointed because they do n't tell you which one 's have the laptop casing inside the bag . But that 's ok . I just got the bag today and I plan to use it next Monday at the start of the second semester of high school . It 's about the same size as my old one . Probably smaller due to the fact that it does n't have the laptop sleeve . I used that part of the case to put my big accounting book in it . But for this new one I just got , it 's fine . I tend to carry way too much so I guess I 'm hoping that I 'll start to manage how much I carry anyway . Still a good buy .
 We have n't gotten a chance to use our backpacks , but they seem to be in pretty good shape . Each one has a pocket for pencils and notebooks , which will be handy . I will say they were n't as high quality as I thought . Since they retail at our cheaper stores in the area I will say that they ca n't rate with the Eddie Baure bags or Lands End , but they are nice .
 I bought it because i wanted a cheap , but good looking backpack . With shipping it was around 30 dollars . School is starting in nine days so i have n't tried using it when it is full of books .
 My high school freshman 's $ 12 backpack fell apart after 1 month . I bought the High Sierra Fat Boy to accommodate the huge stack of books he carries around all day -LRB- no time to get to locker between classes -RRB- . The Fat Boy has held up beautifully for over a month now & the straps have padding that make them much more comfortable than the cheapo packs .
 I bought this backpack for my granddaughter . She loves thewide , comfortable straps and the great amount of space thebag offers . It arrived promptly and was really a great lookingbag ! Great quality , cool bag , lots of room , comfy ! A + + + + +
 we got this for our daughter , just because of the color ... but it has great features . she loves the mp3 headphone port , and the fact that the straps are very thickly padded and comfortable to wear . She can fit all her books/school stuff in it .
 Pretty much perfect , it even does n't have that mesh that goes against your back . I was looking for a backpack without that since that mesh wares my shirts down from the back . The one thing I did n't like but it 's not a big deal to knock off a star is no bottle holder on the side .
 I 'm a biology major , so I need a large and fairly strong backpack . I carry 20 + lbs in it daily and have had no issues at all . The straps are adjustable and comfortable , even with that much weight . There is more than enough room in the bag - I literally have a section to organize everything I need -LRB- classwork , labs , pens/pencils , food/beverages , etc -RRB- . The other day it was raining VERY hard , and everything in my bag stayed dry even after spending a good amount of time in the rain.The only con I can think of for this bag is the zippers . If you make sure they 're zipped all the way , they stay closed - however , if they 're slightly open at all , they like to unzip pretty far while you 're walking.Other than that , it 's perfect . I only paid around $ 20 for it and I ca n't believe the deal I got ! Highly recommended .
 After buying a backpack for my son at a chain office supply store that fell apart two weeks into the school year , I was wary about buying a backpack sight unseen . The backpack purchased here has held up beautifully . Holding tons of books and binders , water bottle and all the things middle-schoolers stuff into their packs , it is sturdy and very roomy . Would buy this brand again !
 This is a well designed , well built and quality backpack.I appreciate it 's design and the use of strong and light materials.I use it every day and it can carry a lot of stuff and be heavy to hold or just a little and remain light.The number of divisions is adequate , quite a few but not too much.Great purchase and I highly recommend it .
 This bookbag is very nice . It holds a lot of books and is comfortable to carry around . I like the pockets and the two giant compartments ... very cool ! However , there seems to be a lot of loose threads , and i have to cut them . Other than that its a good bookbag .
 Its a good bad . Has many compartments and its tough . It can carry heavy loads without any problem . I only wished it was slightly bigger length wise . Other than that i am completely satisfied with the bag . Worth the price .
 It 's a great backpack with handy compartments . The side cinches make the main compartment slightly trickier to open at times , but it 's not a big deal .
 Great backpack . My daughter loves it and it should last for years . Quick delivery .
 This backpack was recommended by Good Housekeeping - It appears to live up to the good recommendation .
 Very well made and pretty . Great alternative for a diaper bag when you have twins !
 Lots of room ! very durable and looks just like the high-end back packs . I use my for traveling , I 'm very happy with it .
 I bought this backpack for my boyfriend . He is super picky about backpacks and I bought this for him and he loved this backpack . It has so much room and he is able to fit so much stuff in it . The straps are comfortable as well .
 I have yet to find a reason to not like the bag . It seams to be well made . The color and design is another plus , I can easily tell which bag is mine : -RRB-
 This backpack showed it to my son for a photo and I thought hey , I bought it because I needed something to carry books to school . When I received it seemed much better than I had seen . It is of very good quality .
 My daughter is in the 5th grade , so we needed a backpack with a great support system . This backpack holds everything she needs without breaking her back or cutting into her shoulders . The shoulder straps are very well padded and the suspension system distributes the weight of the backpack evenly . I highly recommend this product .
 Great bang for the buck . Used as a school bag , it 's sturdy with lots of room , pockets and much more durable than last year 's backpack . It also has great graphics and the zippers work flawlessly .
 Bought this backpack for my daughter and it is has good amount of pockets , roomy , and the cushioned straps make carrying more comfortable . Usually by the 2 month of school we are buying another backpack because the books and school supplies are so heavy , but this one is still going strong .
 This Backpack was bought for my daughter to use on her mission trip . She used it and it held up great ! She is now using it for school . It was built great , stitching is really strong and it is an all around great backpack !
 I purchased this bag for my trip to Peru , Machu Picchu . The bag is perfect for this kind of trip , very comfortable and light because the suspension feature . The material is also very good.It has many compartments as well .
 This backpack , regardless of color , is about the most durable one I 've had in a long time . While I 'm not a student , I do carry home my groceries on my back . I pack it full , and yet it works as well as the day I got it . Where other back packs fall short , this one definitely gets the job done , and well.Keep doing what you 're doing , High Sierra .
 I was tired of buying two or three backpacks a year for my 8 yo daughter , who is very hard on them , so I decided to spend somewhere around 100 for a good pack that would last awhile . After reading the reviews on this pack and brand I decided for 10 bucks including shipping its worth a shot . Im not disappointed . Fit and finish is very good , its much better construction than anything you 'll find at the major retailers with much thicker material and good quality , strong zippers . This pack has ample room for anything she needs to pack around , and several different compartments to organize her stuff , and she loves the design . Her friends are jealous , lol . Shes been using it for awhile now and there are no signs of wear . After getting a steal of a price on this pack I would definitely spend the retail $ 60 on it . Granted , with Amazon there are always good deals to be had , and I never spend retail , but still this pack is worth every penny of the suggested retail price .
 First , it 's super quality , the zippers , the buckles and the fabric are just wonderful . It has plenty of room and holds a lot of books . My daughter is in highschool and really needs a good bag . The padding on the shoulder straps are great . I 've already put it in the washer , I have a frontloader , and just let it air dry . I highly recommend this brand . I know we 'll be able to use for a while .
 Purchased this exact backpack at a different retailer . Has been in use by my 5th-grade son since August 2012 . The material -LRB- color black -RRB- still looks new despite rough handling , dragging and tossing on bus rides . The all-important zippers are still in excellent condition . This bag is quite roomy . For the price -LRB- paid $ 25 -RRB- it is a great value and has plenty of color and pattern choices.I took one star away for the odd tightening straps on the sides of the bag . The design of those seems to have missed the mark -LRB- I assume they are a compromise between reducing bag girth when partially full and holding a drink bottle or other object -RRB- . Despite this the bag is well worth the Amazon price . I would buy again .
 Great backpack . It has all the necessary features a teenage student needs . I would buy this again for my other kids if they need one .
 My daughter loves this backpack . Its very sturdy and the colors are vibrant . I may have to get a second one .
 Not as big as I thought , and does n't have a side pocket for a water bottle . Otherwise , sturdy so far and a nice design .
 Sturdy great size great padding on the back . Love it . Pockets are great and they have small pockets for change and a hook for keys great for an unorganized person like me .
 this bookbag has worked out great for my grandson for school . It is easy to carry all of his books to class
 Nice and roomy . Very pretty , my daughter has gotten a lot of positive comments on it . Purchased at the start of the school year , still looks great in February ! Looking like we might get two years out of this one ! Highly recommend .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . I searched all sites and found that this was the best backpack for the money !!
 I have a 5th grader who needed a pack that would transition nicley to middle school . She and I shopped and shopped and this was the winner ! Only change I would make is a water bottle holder .
 Roomy with lots of pockets - got tired of replacing cheap &#34; back to school &#34; backpacks - this one will last for years by the look of it , very sturdy with rugged seams
 I wanted to wait a while before reviewing this backpack . It has been 2 months of use with this and it is showing no signs of wear . My 5th grader has this and he can put his homework , folders , plus boots and snow pants plus room for his lunch box . This is a GREAT backpack . It is sturdy and holds so much . I finally found a product to stand up to a boys rough wear and tear .
 Bought this for my Nephew for school . He like the book bag . It is roomy , inexpensive and a good look . Most bags that i came across in the stores were overpriced and the quality was horrible . Good buy once again . Thanks Amazon !!!!!!!
 My son needs a school backpack , and i wants a good one , i find this one and i feel its just what my sin needs . . Good one maybe i buy one for me too . .
 The amount of storage space in this thing is quite impressive . My girlfriend and I carried home $ 60 worth of groceries in it this afternoon > . < I ordered the Blueprint Cartoon pattern , which is much more girly in person than it looked online haha , so i gave it to the old lady . A great deal , great product , great vendor , arrived WAY ahead of schedule . Props
 I am always on teh lookout for a bag with good zippers , i have gone through many bags that fall apart in less than a year becuase of the zippers . well let me tell you , these zippers hold up . i have had this bag for almost 4 years and the waterbottle carrier is a little torn , but other than that everything is great ! -LRB- including the super awesome zippers -RRB- . we even reccomended this bag to our daughter who is an intern in a geology field in arizona . sometimes she has to bring back samples to her workplace and she uses this very same bag ! she also said that the zippers hold up in her case . even when lugging around 25 plus pounds of rock !!!!! all in all a very exceptional bang for your buck .
 My son just goes through backpacks but so far this one has been great . It is holding all of his books and more . He says it is comfortable to carry on his bike .
 My son likes the backpack because it rides comfortably on his shoulders and holds everything he needs it to . The side straps occasionally get in the way of the zippers , but he is able to work around it .
 Got this for my husband who went back to school . Works well and is pretty durable . Would buy one again .
 this backpack is awesome ... and huge , i could probably fit 8 large textbooks in it . of course it would be painfull to carry it at that point but thats not why i say this , it can hold a lot , so if you need to hold a lot then this is for you
 Im in high school , we have to cary around a mac laptop in a case and every single teacher also requires a binder and a note book tabs and all these work sheets . I had an LL bean bag , but it was wearing out , I also had a vera bradley shoulder bag , but it was hurting my neck . I found this one . I got it quick ! Less than a week after I ordered it !! When I put all my stuff in my bag , and on my shoulders ... it feels weightless . It amazing !! I love the look of it . Great back pack , definitly buy !!
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 handles , alot , nice sperate compartments , and good back support . Though the mesh in front is not really designed for most of today 's smartphones . That aside , well worth the price .
 this backpack was the best it holded my books thruogh rain and snow it was very water proff and durubl
 These backpacks are great ! Big enough for high school books and schoolwork , but not too huge . Big value for reasonable price .
 Yes I definitely enjoy the backpack . I especially love all the pockets . It also came very quickly in the mail . So thumbs up .
 As a law student , I needed a back pack with the capacity to hold thick large books , notebooks , etc. . It is hard to find a backpack with that capacity . I can also put my laptop in this bag . Sometimes it does get a little overstuffed and hard to zip but overrall I do n't think there is another bag that can beat it .
 I bought this for my son because he complained about to many books and not enought room last yr . Well this one sure fixed him up nicely . It is not to bulky or to wide but seems to fit him just right . He is 14 and he is about 5 ' 2 . It is not as waterproof as I 'd like for it to be tho . He got into a downpour and some of his things got wet so that would be the only drawback with this pack.I asked him just now if there was anything he did not like about his pack and he said no he loved it . So there you have , hope it helps lol
 We ordered this for my wife as a replacement for a beloved backpack she has been using for years and which finally bit the dust when the zipper broke . At first we tried to find an exact replacement , but that proved impossible as that model has n't been manufactured for years now . Based on the description , pictures , and reviews here , we ordered this Fat-Boy as well as the Teton Bookbag Backpack.Be aware that apart from a few minor design differences -LRB- colors , zippers , stitching , etc. -RRB- , these two bags are virtually identical , obviously made in the same factory in China . After examining both , we went with the Fat-Boy , chiefly because of color and what we interpreted as slightly heavier duty hardware . Honestly , I think that we would also have been quite happy with the Teton.I am pleased to report that my wife is extremely satisfied with the Fat-Boy . She is a grad student and uses it to haul around books , notebooks , lunches , and the miscellaneous small stuff routinely going back and forth from home to school . -LRB- The laptop has a dedicated carrying bag . -RRB- The Fat-Boy is heavy-duty and well designed with lots of functional compartments and features , including the dedicated cell phone pouch on the front of a shoulder strap , which she loves . In short , this backpack is so good that it is easily eclipsing the memory of her old one . Highly recommended .
 I purchased this backpack for my son after looking for a backpack in retail stores in the area and being shocked at what they were asking ! My son is 9 , and can be a little rough on backpacks . I also like for them to be tough enough to last more than one year ! So - this one looks good - it is n't cheap plastic/vinyl material , has plenty of pockets , and looks well built . Great color selections , he was able to chose one he really likes , now we just have to see if it can withstand months of torture ! Oh - and this backpack was $ 25.97 when I purchased it , and the tag on it says
 It is a very good bag if you have to carry bulky things which are not very long as the bag becomes bulky on the front but is kind of on the smaller side . Otherwise , I think the color scheme is nice - not too bright but not dull and there are ample pockets to keep things organized . All in all - good for its price .
 This back pack works well for the reletively low price . Believe me , it can hold a lot of school books . After nine-months of use it is holding up without any faults . It is not quite as heavy duty as the previous High Sierra back pack I purchased . That one lasted about three + years , but was more expensive . At this point I see no reason why you could not get at least good two school years out of this one .
 This back was purchased for a junior high age girl and it suites her needs with a little room to grow . I was a little concerned about the quality because the price seemed a bit low compared to the other 2 top names I usually buy but this was a wonderful find . Quality is there , durability is there , plenty of padding to protect her shoulders and back and lots of pockets for all she needs to fit in there . I have no doubt this back pack will last a few years into High School .
 This item was purchased for a trip to Europe . It will be used as a carry-on for the plane trip , where it needs to be compact in size . Afterwards , it will be used on hiking trips . These trips will require much more space . I like that this item expands by loosening the side straps . Also it has good padding and is light in weight .
 I bought this for my 4th grader and she loves it . It 's a little big , but she carries a lot of stuff , so she 's happy to have it big . I 'm happy that she can use it in the years to come , and quality-wise , it seems she 'll be able to . She tends to blow through backpacks , which is why I wanted to spend a little more this time . She is ROUGH on them . She 's had this one for several weeks and it shows no signs of wear . Typically by this point , she 's busted a zipper or two and there 's a seam ripping somewhere or a pocket falling off . This bag is strong and so super pretty in addition to being very functional . Lots of compartments , pockets , and straps . Also very comfortable with the extra padding .
 Have had this pack for 3 years . Used to use it to carry to work during 12 hour shifts , now I use it for school . Great pack and it lasts
 This backpack is the roomiest one I have seen . This is the 2nd fatboy pack we have bought and I guess you can figure out how pleased we were with the first
 I am very pleased with this purchase , my son was impressed with how strong the backpack is and also with the colour of the backpack.I am therefore a very satisfied customer .
 Back pack very good value for the price . My 10 year old said it was perfect for fitting his school books and lunch bag . Straps are well padded . It looks like it will be durable .
 I love this backpack I can not say enough how well this pack is handling . I have had it now alittle over 1 semester and carrier a ton of books . It handles the weigh fine and find it much easier to carrier this over a shoulder bag !
 I purchased this for my collage books and binders , there are nine of them in total , and they all fit into the `` fat boy '' with space left over ! It is also very accessible for laptops and notebooks ; I personally use my laptop on a day to day basis , wich is also something that I have found to be difficult to do with other backpacks .
 I purchased this pack for my 12 year-old son after being frustrated by the low quality packs found and purchased , in the past , at local department stores . It is very spacious and the material seems very durable . The price was about the same as those lesser quality packs and I expect will last at least four times longer .
 Bought this to replace my 8 year old son 's cheap-o Walmart backpack . It is very spacious and I do n't think he knows of all the pockets . He 's used it for months now so it 's durable .
 We 've been pleased with all our High Sierra backpack purchases , this one included . They stand by their products and will replace them free of charge if there 's a defect . This backpack is roomy and holds everything my fifth grader needs to carry to and from school .
 Exactly what I expected . I love this backpack ! I had it in the green plaid version before and it lasted me for over 5 years ! Very roomy and high quality and very reasonably priced .
 I love how much i can fit in this bookbag . I live off campus so i have to take as much as I can for my classes for the day . It 's comfortable . Only downside is that it is n't waterproof so be careful when you take your laptop on rainy days .
 Very sharp looking ! I have not yet discovered all the various pockets ! Very sturdy and well built . Innovative design and extra-large capasity without makig me resemble a Pack mule !
 I purchased this backpack for my sister who lives in the Atlanta area of Georgia . I on the other hand live in the Dallas area of Texas and was a little concerned about my sister receiving the backpack by her birthday and if it was of good quality . My sister received her birthday gift promptly , actually sooner than expected . She was so excited she called me right away . She said it was wonderful , excellent quality , great packaging , and it was big enough to handle all her books . She was so pleased and excited before we got off the phone she had already put her books in it . I am very please with the spervice provided and would not hesitate to purchase from this seller again . Much Thanks ;o-RRB- Six thumbs up !
 I ordered this backpack on Saturday and got it on Tuesday . I could n't believe it ! It was exactly as it was described . I needed a backpack to substitute for a purse as I work several jobs and carry a lot of items that I need specific to each one which can cause a regular purse to `` bulge '' . This backpack is fashionable and just the right size for what I needed . Great Item !
 My teen needed a large backpack for her school books . After a lot of research and size comparison I decided on the High Sierra Fatboy . It is strong , holds an enormous amount of books , spirals , etc. and the straps make it easier on her back .
 We bought this back pack for our daughter -LRB- her old was stolen out of our car ! -RRB- . She says she loves her new backpack . Is is very durable . She carries lots of heavy books in it and shows no signs of tearing apart . It is roomy . It is a very bright color .
 I really love this bookbag ! It has a lot of padding in the shoulder strap , so it is very comfortable to wear !
 The High Sierra Fat Boy pack was just what I needed . I looked in a lot of stores in my hometown and anything comparable was high priced ; I was very happy to find what I needed for the price I thought right on Amazon .
 Was looking for a large/deep backpack without all the extra zippers and compartments and this is the best . Deep main pockets fits oversized items great !
 I was looking for a fairly large backpack with comfortable shoulder straps . This fit the bill ! The construction seems sturdy and the several compartments are spacious . My books are heavy , so I needed padded straps , and these are just right . My only complaint is that there is no pocket for a water bottle , inside or out .
 This is a great bag . There is a ton of room and I can manage somehow to cram all of my stuff in it . The only thing it 's missing us a side pocket for my water bottle .
 Great service and shipping ... My son loved it . Great size for him and all his junk for high school . I paid $ 60 for his first bag this year and it broke 2 months in . This was $ 20 - so we 'll see how long this one holds up . Let u know .
 Purchased this backpack for my daughter who insists on bringing all of her books home from school . This backpack is deep enough to accommodate her books and is comfortable for her even when completely full . It also folds down small enough to fit in her locker without shoving it in . The material is durable & there are several great designs to choose from .
 Everything was great , but the bag is not as big as I would have liked it to be . Oh well , that 's what I get for buying a backpack online . Even though , I still like it .
 great my six turning seven loves this cool looking back back looks like it will last longhope it will last for a few years
 I 've been using this bag for about 2 weeks now and been packing it to the max a lot of the time . It 's been holding up great . I got it in black and the color looks really nice in person . For 27 bucks , money well spent . I just wish it had a side pocket for drinks , then it 'd be perfect for me .
 I bought the item in carmine-red/charcoal at Amazon only because similar product , even being sold at much lower discounted prices at Ross Store and Bed , Bath and Beyond , was not available in this particular color combination . I picked the Fat-Boy style for its many compartments , which I find convenient for travel use . This High Sierra backpack is well constructed with quality light material . However , I find the overall length a bit too short -LRB- well-suited for school kids -RRB- considering its hugely protruding thickness when fully packed , which made it disproportionately fat -- a humongous hunch at the back . I guess Fat Boy just become grossly obese when fully stuffed .
 Wonderful/sturdy/large ... just what I was looking for . My son is in high school with several large textbooks to haul around
 I love love love this back pack ! I have back issues and the padded straps and back are very comfortable . I also like that you can adjust how far out the pockets hang with the side straps . My only issue is trying to fit a laptop a binder and a big plastic container for lunch into the backpack without the zippers being ready to burst . Its definitely me trying to put too much into it though and not the make of it . It 's super cute and well made at an awesome price ! I love it .
 My son really liked this backpack when he saw the pictures and he likes it even more now that he 's been using it for a few months . Really good quality . He 's 8 and can be rough on his things , but the seams and zippers are very strong . Feel like this bag could be used for him for many years .
 Bought this for my 3rd grader . The bag is sturdy and she loves the color . It 's not as big as I expected . It has worked well this fall but will probably not fit her extra winter clothes .
 I bought this for my daughter two months ago and it seems to be much higher quality than the cheaply made -LRB- yet expensively priced -RRB- packs I 've historically purchased in the retail stores . The straps are comfortable and adjust nicely . Zippers also work well . My daughter is smaller but she manages the pack very well . It will hold a ton ... if you need it to . Buy it , I do n't think you will regret it , especially at this price point .
 I purchased this backpack for my son who is in fifth grade . It is very sturdy and roomy . It has taken a lot of abuse so far and still looks like brand new . I have a feeling we 'll have this backpack for a few years .
 Outstanding bag ! Purchased for my son who knows how to give a school bag a workout :--RRB- . It 's very durable and light while able to hold all of his high school books on daily treks . The pockets are easily accessible but also secure . The zippers are sewn well and are doing a great job so far .
 This backpack is exactly what my son wanted and is working great . He has very heavy books and a band instrument along with football gear . his backpack has a place for everything and the seems are holding great !
 This is the second High Sierra Backpack I have purchased . The only reason I purchased a second one is because my daughter did not want to use the old one for her new year of school . This Fat Boy is great . It is sturdy and does not show dirt . I am very pleased yet again . Keep being reliable High Sierra .
 Bought this for my boyfriends little sister . it 's so cute its a little bit smaller than anticpated but its perfect for a 12 year old : -RSB-
 Bought one of these from Amazon in `` bird on a wire '' print and one from Amazon via Altrec in the turquoise trimmed floral print for my middle school daughters . I 'd previously purchased them `` plain jane '' Jansport packs that lasted 5 years each -LRB- and still look great ! -RRB- , because they were lightweight , one large and one small compartment and highly durable and comfortable . While these just came in , my daughters did a test pack of them and they have lots of capacity and are lightweight when empty . I personally would prefer they had no compressions straps which interfere with full zipper openings on at least one compartment , but does n't seem to bother my kids . Construction looks durable , I think the Jansport padded shoulder straps were probably more comfortable . However for the style , capacity , light weight and price I think these are a good purchase . These are high capacity/large backpacks that I think would be overkill/oversized for a younger elementary student .
 Purchased this for my granddaughter and she loves it . It 's got tons of room , several compartments to store everything from school or to a sleep-over with me ! The color is cheerful with bright flowers yet with the dark background wo n't show the average abuse childrens bags get . She is 10 and this is a size that is comfortable for her to carry and use in the next few years , it 's made very well and I think it will last !
 The backpack looks great and is good quality ! I hope our son can make this one last !! Thanks a lot !
 Perfect bag for my third grader . I would reccommend this to anyone ... go ahead and buy it with peace of mind !!
 For the price , this bag is great . It 's not your latest hot backpack with ultralight , use forever , space age materials , but its a great extra bag to have around .
 Very large , very durable . Straps are very sturdy . This is exactly what my son needed for school.Thank You very much .
 This product is exactly like in the description . The colors are strong and it is very comfy , you 'll not be disappointed
 The bag 's material is very good . Looks exactly as described in the picture.Has a lot of space and compartments.Zip quality is good and smooth .
 My high schooler has been using this to carry around his boks for a year now and is holding up to the tad great .
 I attend college and just could n't find a backpack that could suit my needs.This backpack is amazing ! Greatly recommended !!
 The backpack is very well made and this is the first backpack that my daughter has been able to put all of her books and binders into without space issues .
 I have been looking for a mens shoulder bag that is n't a huge back pack , yet bigger than most other shoulder bags for men . Then another thing I needed was a bag with LOTS of compartments to separate all the different things , instead of like most shoulder bags with just big pouches and good luck in organizing / finding anything quickly . I wanted a shoulder bag where I can organize my local maps & local transportation schedules -LRB- I like to experience the local way of life when visiting -RRB- . My cell phone , my HP iPaq , my iPod . My passport , hotel key , and digital camera . Anyways , you get the idea . To be able to organize for quick access was very important . Digging in a huge pocket with no compartments was not my idea of finding things fast . This , Eagle Creek Vagabond shoulder bags has met my needs for size and organizing . I have only recently received this bag and am very pleased so far . Now lets see if the material and the zipper hold up too . Considering my previous Eagle Creek purchases , with which I was very happy , I hope this new `` vagabond '' bag will last just as long and can take the same `` beating '' . : - -RRB- As a matter of fact , my family and friends liked my new Eagle Creek Vagabond bag so much , I am buying more of these bags for gifts , and others are buying some for themselves .
 i love the bag . it feels like soft leather -LRB- maybe it is ? idk -RRB- . it 's big enough w/o being bulky . & it looks good . the only thing i would change is that it would b nice 2 have a pocket 4 the cell phone . there is one inner pocket that can fit a few smaller things & then the main part of the purse is nice & deep .
 This was the best price for the Demonia Messenger purse with white cross . It came in a few days and in perfect condition with tags on !!!!! Skimpy Outfits is a realible , honest , store to deal with !!!!!
 Great pair of sunglasses but runs a little large . The case is very stirdy and well constructed . The glasses are pretty light weight but the overall size is kinda large for wide face . Hope this Helps !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 You get what you pay for and this hat applies . I would point out that for the price , the value of this hat is good . While I would say it is a bit flimsy and cheaply put together , it certainly will work for a simple cheap boonie hat . I have the Under Armour version of a boonie and there is no denying that there is no comparison , the UA hat kills it . The UA hat is more than twice the price of this hat , so this is to be no surprise . All in all I am happy with the purchase .
 ok to start its not the greatest quality jungle hat on the market but for the price yuo cant complain . it is what it says it is and it does its job
 This hat is good quality with great fit for the ladie 's smaller head . Nice snug fit . Small reinforced holes at the top on the side for air circulation and coolness .
 When I go shopping , I most always dress in camos . Wore a pair of very uncomfortable shoes when treading the aisles one day ... went to the cheapy shoe dept. Bought some pink plastic Smurfettes style . Took me two hours longer at the store that day because everybody could see the shoes . I was no longer invisible.Well now , as an artist , color matters.I had the shoes but now I needed the rest of the outfit . I swear to you that Amazon read my mind . I 'm scrolling through odds and ends and up pops a bright long sleeve pink camo . Had n't had the top here for a week and up pops a pink camo hat on Amazon . YES , A PINK CAMO !!! I just had to have it ! I ordered the hat ! It arrived in a timely manner . . no complaints here.Beautifully done , black banding , great patterns and all . It fit perfectly . I could n't wait to show it to my daughter who lives in WA . We message back and forth almost daily . I called her one day wearing my pink camo hat . She cracked up . A few days later , she called me . I brought up the visual to see that she was wearing a pink camo also . I fell on the floor laffing!I was all set to go invisible shopping again in my pink camo hat . Now I ca n't find the shoes ! Stayed tuned for more opinions and comments from emom_meems in the mountains .
 Great boonie , used in pool -LRB- yes under water and out -RRB- does n't shrink actually repels water . Great quality . My new favorite outdoor hat . The vent holes actually work in letting moisture evaporate . good hat not much else to say .
 Great hat . Good quality . I wore it while visiting my father last week in another city and he liked it so much he took it from me . I just ordered another one . One word of caution is that it seems to be sized slightly smaller than you may expect . I normally wear a 7.5 , but this hat in 7.5 is a little tighter than expected . You may want to go up to the next size .
 I have had so many compliments on my Purple Jungle Hat . I coach a 14U Girls Travel Softball team , and our colors are purple , and I wear it to all of our games . It is everything that the website said it was and more . Very Very Pleased .
 Not a floppy sun hat at all , but happy with the quality . Wish I ordered a size smaller ... way too big for my 10 yr old .
 I have a very big head and it was hard to find anyone selling xxl hats this hat fits like a glove thanks
 Bought hat for my son . Glad for the chin strap , and sturdy but washable hat . Not sure if size runs big , or if I just bought one size too big ... hope he grows in to the Large .
 Hat came on time . I gave it as a gift . I put it in my grandson stocking . They are going to Maui after Christmas .
 Ca n't beat this buy . I had a couple of these issued to me while in the military -LRB- od green and jungle camo -RRB- I gave them away and lost some . Now I have the look and feel for when I want the nostalgia .
 well made boonie hat for regular wear or work . Got this for a couple of outings to theme parks to keep sun off of my head and neck . Works beautifully just like it does for the military . has chin strap and loops around what would be a hat band for carrying -LRB- ? -RRB- all and all well made hat you can stuff in a pocket when not in use and you wo n't damage it at all .
 This is perfect . My wife needed a hat to block the sun and this is perfect . Not to big and she can carry it rolled up just like I do my military boony hat .
 WHILE YOUR FLEECE PANTS HAVE 3-4 POCKETS , WHERE ARE THE FLIES ... EH ????? YOUR FLEECE PANTS ARE OUTFITTED WITH ELASTIC WAISTS , ELASTIC ANKLES , CARGO SACKS , STRIPES , CUFFS , TIESTRINGS , DOUBLE THIS , DOUBLE THAT BUT NO BUTTONED OR ZIPPERED FLIES ...
 They 're sweat pants . They have pockets , which is nice . They 're fairly long , which is also nice . No elastic around the ankles which is great . Also , they 're soft . So they 've got that going for them . The fabric appears to be of decent quality . All in all a decent product . I mean , they 're sweat pants , you know ?
 I was going to give this review three stars , however , I upped to four because I will take half the blame.I am a solid 33 '' at the waste . The sizing as described by Champion stated Medium = 32-34 '' . So I ordered a medium . Length was fine , however , width was way off . I need to exchange this now for a Large instead.PROS :1 . Nice material . Warm but not overbearing .2 . Very breathable.CONS :1 . White pockets ? I saw one reviewer disliked this . I am ambivalent.IN SUMMARY : I needed some comfortable pants to lounge around in during the day/weekends . These will do the job , but watch out for the sizing . I recommend .
 These sweat pants are quite warm and very comfortable . They are made a bit long but I have never found the extra length to be a real problem . I would recommend them highly .
 These pants are longer than expected . Since they 're an open , not elasticized , bottom , it 's pretty easy to cut them off and hem them up if the extra length really bothers you.Amazon displays this image for the product in some locations , such as on the `` create your review '' page :[ ... -RSB- That does n't display on the main page for the product , but it is more representative of the product 's fit and length - baggy and bunchy . Do n't expect that to go away when they shrink in the washer/dryer because they really do n't shrink much . Unless you think the waist will be uncomfortably tight , if that type of fit bothers you , order a size down.The above are not complaints , just something you should be aware of.The only complaint I do have is that , on first washing , bits of fuzz from the fleece lining of these pants came off all over the other clothes in that wash . The pants have been washed 3 times , now , and no longer make the wash fuzzy , but still the fleece fuzzes off on any socks worn with them . -LRB- White socks end up as kind of a disaster and the dark fuzz does n't all wash off the socks . -RRB- I 'm also still seeing a bits of fleece on the carpet , here and there . I 've never seen this happen with any other sweat pants.Fleece bunnies aside , these are soft , comfortable pants that I 'd call a medium weight , a decent value for the price . I would purchase them again .06 / 10/2009 UPDATE
 Very nice pants . Very comfortable but be ready to have some one hem them to length for you .
 These are fine , I just would like to disagree with the earlier comment about the sizing . I am a 33 as well , and based on the earlier comment I decided to go with the large rather than the medium . Well , that was probably a bad choice . They have an elastic waste band so it is not like they are falling down now , but they are very baggy - I could fit both legs in each pant leg , which is not what I am looking for and not what the picture shows . So your choice
 I bought xxl -LRB- fat guy -RRB- and am pleased with the quality , but the inseam is about 36 inch so I had to do some hemming .
 When I purchased the pans I did n't realise that they were 50/50 cotton/synthetic , but it is still a good item .
 Got exactly what I expected . Size was good and quality seems pretty good . Had a very difficult time finding this type of product in stores . Thanks .
 I bought this because I was freezing my buns off during the winter months after I moved from a warmer climate to a place where the temperature is 10 degrees colder at night . They do the job of keeping me warm at night when I lounge or when I sleep . These are pretty thick fleece material . It feels a little `` harder '' than cotton would -LRB- as opposed to softer -RRB- . The fit is tight but comfy , I would definitely not be jogging on these as it restricts movement too much because it 's not too stretchy . I 'm used to running with Soccer Warm-up pants made of a spandex/synthetic mix that keeps me warm , flexible and sweat free.As another reviewer mentioned these run quite long . I 'm an avg 29x30 -LRB- can never find pants on sale for my size as they disappear in 3 seconds -RRB- so I ordered the Small , and it feels like it is a European size 29x32 -LRB- European standard sizes always run tall ! -RRB- . Thankfully I just fold them up as I use it to lounge around and maybe step out to pick up mail.The pockets are a little weird because they are white inside and because they `` open '' up you can see the white pockets when looking from the side . But again , for lounging it 's not too shaby . This is definitely not made for a fashion statement -LRB- like my previously mentioned Adidas warm-ups -RRB- it 's just to stay decently warm .
 They make for great winter lounging . They wash well and the length shrinks a bit -LRB- thankfully since even after a half dozen washings , I still need to roll up the bottoms about an inch -RRB- . Warm , comfortable , easy to care for . What I wanted and what I got . Recommended .
 I do n't know how many pairs of pajama/lounge bottoms I bought for my husband over the years , just to have them shrink to ridiculously unwearable hobbit length after the very first laundry . Yes , he is 6 ' 3 , but even the tall sizes would shrink terribly . These sweats are perfect . They were great length at the beginning and they remained the same length after being washed and even dried in the dryer . They also wear well throughout the week and do n't sag in the knees like some other knit pants do . These sweats compare very favorably to , say , Land 's End sweats that go for $ 40 . A note on sizing - I almost ordered XL after reading the reviews and glad that I went with L. DH is a solid 36 , and L is a good -LRB- slightly roomy -RRB- fit .
 Hub is 6 ' 5 '' , 34 waist , 36 inseam . For his frame , he has a fairly small booty with long legs . We bought the Medium first and had to send them back . They were not long enough and , while they did make his bottom look good -LRB- IMO -RRB- , they were just too tight to workout in . We ended up with the Large and are happy with these as good workout pants .
 The fit is a little off , but it 's ridiculous what some sweatpants cost these days . The fabric feels great straight out of the package , and should get better with many washings . I like them , and will probably buy more .
 Before I purchased these pants I read all of the reviews , and one person advised that purchasing a size larger than you think you need is the best way to go , because they are a tighter fit than most workout pants . I respectfully disagree with that reviewer . If anything , I recommend purchasing a size smaller than you think you need . Otherwise a very well-made product which will clearly last for a long time . Worth the price .
 I bought these for my husband and he loves them . He has really long legs , and these are even too long for him . He has to roll up the bottoms , but that 's better than too short , I suppose , which is what he usually has to deal with.With the cold winter we 've had , these have been wonderful to slip on in the morning when he rolls out of bed to walk the dogs .
 Do n't let the cheaper brand fool you , these pants are extremely comfortable and are the only fleece pants I have found that are long enough . At 6 ' 6 '' 220 the XL pants actually hang down to the sole of my running shoes , I normally wear a 36/36 the waist is a bit loose but has a draw string . It 's about time someone thought about the tall guys .
 I purchased these sweatpants with the intention of using them for my workouts in the winter seeing as how the walk from the car to the gym 's front door is usually a bit chilly . I had these pants shipped to my office and as soon as I opened them and felt the inside I wanted to put them on and go to sleep . The inside is a very soft fleece material that is also very warm . The fit is spot on.I 'm 6 ft. 185lb with a 32-33 waist and the medium is perfect . As some other reviews said the crotch of these pants may be a little long but it does not bother me . I 've worn these around the house for a few days now and they are very comfortable . Today will be my first workout in them and hopefully they do n't make me feel like a lazy bum in the gym . * Update * Well I had my workout in these sweatpants and let 's say they did justice to their name.These are way too warm to be comfortable for a workout.My bottom half was sweating badly in these and I was not doing cardio and I 'm not even a heavy sweater.I still like these pants very much but they will not be used for anything other than lounging from now on .
 I am 6 ' 4 '' , 170 lbs ... so I 'm pretty tall and thin . Between Amazon and Zappos , I ordered probably ten different pairs of sweatpants looking for the brand and style that would be long enough , while still being a medium size waist . . I ended up keeping these because they are CHEAP , light , comfortable , and definitely long enough for my 34 '' inseam legs , but the medium size was n't too big in the waist.These pants are great for all-around , cheap , not-too-heavy sweatpants . Since they are n't too expensive , I 'll probably buy a couple more pairs.If you like these , check out L-R-G sweatpants on Zappos . They also are long enough for tall guys in a size medium , but they are more heavy weight , more for lounging . They 're a bit more expensive -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- , but they are worth it .
 The sweat pants are very warm and functional . The pants dry quickly and wick moisture very well . The pants are a good product for a good price .
 package arrived on time ... very soft , good quality feel . this is a gift , so do not have `` wear '' feedback . pleased with product .
 These are great comfortable pants at a really great price ! They are nice and long , which is one common struggle for tall people . They wash and wear well . I recommend them !
 I have had these pants for a while , and they are my favorite pair of pants in which to go running . They are so comfy !
 As you would expect , these are very comfortable - my husband 's new retirement pants ! Nice quality , and wash up well , but even though my husband is 6 ' 2 '' , they are very long on him . I guess that 's better than too short !
 These are heavy duty fleece pants , with no banding at the bottom , so they look more like pants . Nice for the price !
 I bought this pant for my Dad . It 's good quality . The only down side is it 's white pocket .
 I bought these for my husband who loves fleece pants during the winter . I thought it would be hard to top the ones I got him last year , but he loves these just as much ! He tells me that they 're very warm and he likes the length and loves that they do n't have an elastic cuff !
 These sweatpants are more comfortable and more durable than cheaper versions . The prices were actually very reasonable for the quality . My husband prefers medium to heavy weight sweatpants and after checking into more than I can count , these ended up being the pick of the crop .
 This Fleece Pants were a big success with the person who received them as a gift .
 Bought for my husband . He likes them in the winter . Very warm.Super product .
 I am about 5 ' 11 '' and have a 33 inch waist . I bought medium and they fit very well . I like the lack of elastic on the bottom and the pockets . They are nice sweatpants for the money . The opening on the bottom is n't large enough to go over my shoes well , I would prefer they did . I also bought the Soffe Men 's Classic , they have a larger opening on the bottom . If I buy anymore I will go with the Soffe .
 When I read that these were really long I knew they were for me . I have a 34 inch inseam so finding pants long enough is a bit of a problem . These were even long for me , so I just pinch roll them and that works great.For those who do n't know how to pinch roll , here are instructions - http://www.ehow.com/how_2001590_pinch-roll-jeans.html
 The fit and make of these sweats are perfect for what I was looking for to wear to yoga on cold days . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' with a 34 '' waist and 36 '' inseam and was encouraged to order them by the other reviews which said they ran long . I often find myself buying athletic pants that in the end I do n't wear because they are too short requiring that I `` sag '' them below my waist . I purchased these in a size Large and wearing them at my waist they come down underneath my heel . They fit loosely , but not baggy ; and while warm , they are not too thick and the moisture wicking prevents my legs from getting sweaty . The price being what it is , these are a tremendous bargain , and I plan to stock up with several more pairs .
 These pants are really great and perfect for wearing in my house when it 's cold . As the other reviews said , the legs are quite long and tend to wrap under my feet when i walk.This is not a problem at all when im wearing the pants in the house , since the extra length helps keep my feet warm.The long legs could be a problem when wearing the pants outside though since the legs would probably drag along the ground and cause tears in the fabric after a while .
 I bought a large pair for my fiance who 's 6 ' 4 '' with a 34 '' waist . Everything fits perfectly , but the sweats are still just a tad long . Nothing that one round in the dryer wo n't fix . If you 're looking for sweats that fit someone tall and skinny , these are it !
 My son is 6 ' 5 '' 190 lbs . and I can never find sweats or lounge pants that are long enough . I have found a couple in tall sizes that seemed long enough until I laundered them and they shrunk 1-2 inches . Not so with these quality sweats ! They are plenty long and they did n't shrink much -LRB- if any -RRB- at all . Based on the other reviews , I ordered a medium -LRB- his usual size -RRB- and a large . The medium was too small but Amazon was great with free return shipping . Yes , they are made very long in the crotch as well , but he 's only 16 and that 's how kids wear their pants these days -LRB- low on the waist with a saggy crotch -RRB- . Besides , who really cares just for a comfortable , casual sweatpant ? I could n't be happier with this purchase !
 for $ 13 , this is one of the best sweatpants i ever wear , true to size -LRB- im 28 at waist , order a small and fit perfectly . -RRB- just a little to long and saggy.i live in MN , the winter here is pretty cold , this sweatpants work really well -LRB- 10F -RRB- .4 stars because of white pocket and a little too long .
 These pants along with its top help keep me warm . I will buy from this merchant again i the future .
 It was great to be able to once again find just what I needed on Amazon ! These sweatpants are very high quality and at the best price I could find . Shipping was very fast !
 Overall these are great sweatpants , a lot higher quality than the $ 5 ones you 'll find at a wal-mart . The medium pants are a great fit for me -LRB- I wear a 31 or 32 in jeans -RRB- , but the legs are an inch or maybe two too long -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 0 '' tall and usually wear 30-32 length pant legs -RRB- . Very comfortable , could wear around the house all day , but I do n't think these would be the best choice to jog in below freezing temps as they are n't the absolute warmest and the length could definitely trip you up running unless you are very tall .
 These are what I was looking for fit and size . They are very comfortable and warm . We are having a slight chill on Haleakala , winter in Hawaii . Keeps my legs warm during our cold nights .
 I was looking for comfortable sweatpants and that is exactly what I got . They are perfect for exercise or just lounging around my apartment . I would definitely recommend them to anyone .
 These are very warm and comfortable sweatpants . The inside is soft , the fit is perfect , and were just what I was looking for . The ankles are n't overly floppy or too tight . I purchased these to wear at the gym this winter but found they were a little to hot to work out in . They are a bit deceiving because I have thicker sweatpants that are n't as warm as these . But even though I was hoping to workout in them , I 'm glad none-the-less to have them .
 These are great for `` bumming '' around the house during the winter . They do run long so be aware of that . No elastic on the cuff , which I like . Team them with the top and you 're set for warmth during the winter .
 While this is an excellent product , the size chart made me believe I should buy a XL and it was too big on the waist . So do n't buy big .
 This Pants are really awesome . Great quality and very good material . The color that I choose -LRB- black -RRB- is just like the image in the web . No more , no less . 100 % recomended !
 I got my item from this dealer very quickly and I was very satisfied with the condition .
 very soft and comfortable pants but they are a bit long , as the others have already said . I am 6 ' 2 '' and got a medium and they are still big . Other than that they are great .
 For my Husband the WAIST was True to Size . I WASH IT and it DID NOT CHANGED SIZE . I did had to shorten them and realize how WELL MADE these pair are . I will be buying more .
 The pants come exactly as they look in the model , sort of tight and nice , fleece on the inside , good quality .
 This Champion fleece sweatpants have a comfortable fitting while exercising at the gym or walks around the track . I choice this particular product due to the name `` brand '' from my past experience . I was n't disappointed in the quality of durability to say the least .
 These fleece pants are great . My husband needed pants that he could get down quickly , would keep him warm and were nice looking and good quality . These fit the bill . Thanks for a good product .
 these are well made , heavy sweatpants . excellent deal for under $ 15.00 . they run a bit long other than that they 're just right .
 I read the previous reviews about sizing , so I ordered the large size . Fits well , other than the length which I already knew would be too long and planned to modify -LRB- trimmed 4 '' and added an elastic band -RRB- . I 'm glad I bought several pairs when the price was several bucks cheaper .
 I bought these pants for my hubby and I ended up stealing them from him and wearing them all of time ! We both love them , really soft and comfy !! They 're the cool lookin sweatpants , not the dorky ones : -RRB-
 I 'm kinda tall for a girl -LRB- 5 ' 9ish -RRB- and usually when I buy sweatpants in women 's sizes , they 're barely long enough to graze the floor but after I wash and dry them , they shrink up to my ankles . Call me weird , but I ca n't stand that -- I have to have my lounge pants long ! So , I bought these and I absolutely LOVE them ! They 're comfy , do n't shrink up , and they keep me warm without burning me up . They are long in the waist since they 're guys , but it 's not too bad . A lot of girls wear guys lounge pants , so it 's really no big deal for them to be baggy in that area , ha!Overall , these are a great pair of sweatpants -- perfect for guys AND girls !
 These sweatpants are very nice . I like the open bottom , as opposed to the gathered leg openings of many sweatpants . These are much more modern-looking .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 Very good quality shirt . Impeccable packaging . Very willing to buy from them again . Good marketing as well . Definitely recommend for customers looking for geeky ware .
 Love the shirt , its great quality and it is a great convo peiceget it!B +
 The hat is n't shaped exactly like the picture , but it does cover my daughter 's ears well , which was exactly what I needed it to do ! Very warm and cozy hat and it matches my daughter 's jacket perfectly . It was delivered well before the expected delivery date . I will be getting more hats and scarves from this company !
 I 've had this makeup bag for years now for various uses , and there 's still no sign of wear or tear . Right now it 's holding some art supplies , but it 's held makeup and other things in the past . Highly recommended if you want something fashionable and durable .
 I love these glasses . They are simple , fresh , and modern . Great for everyday : o -RRB-
 i love this bra it is the only one what fits me right and is ok to were all day long
 This is my second purchase of this wonderful swimsuit , so I can have a dry suit on hand ! The skirt is lovely , has enough length to cover what you may not want to have in full view , and yet is not full or flouncy , and is , therefore slimming . The bra has great support , and is also very kind to the smaller breasted woman . What a joy to find a beautiful suit which fits perfectly , and is more conservative ... I am 61 and while I am slender , I am sure past the age of letting it all hang it like the young women do today ! I feel perfectly comfortable to be seen at a public beach in this beautiful suit , without wanting to hide in a cabana !!!! I ordered one size larger than my dress size , as I was advised to do whenever purchasing a bathing suit , and it fits perfectly !! I hope this was helpful ... happy swimming !
 This Item was exactly what I was looking for . The top goes down far enough , when I lift my arms my belly does not show . It also has a nice skirt which covers the bottom area .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 Very good quality shirt . Impeccable packaging . Very willing to buy from them again . Good marketing as well . Definitely recommend for customers looking for geeky ware .
 Love the shirt , its great quality and it is a great convo peiceget it!B +
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 i love this hoody . the piping gives it a little point of difference from the standard adidas trefoil hoodies , but it still has that ` old skool ' kinda thing.gotta say though , that this hoody is brown just as it appears in the picture - perhaps that is what ` turf grey ' means ?
 It 's the first time that I see this style , and I loved it . As usual , I got it fast.Highly recommended !!
 Very good quality shirt . Impeccable packaging . Very willing to buy from them again . Good marketing as well . Definitely recommend for customers looking for geeky ware .
 Love the shirt , its great quality and it is a great convo peiceget it!B +
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 Bought this for my girlfriend for our anniverssary and she loved it . Even though it was a couple sizes too big , I figured it 'd shrink in the wash . It did , and it fits her nicely.The shirt is made of standard t-shirt material and the emblam has n't peeled , faded , or crackled yet .
 My 3 year-old daughter received this as a Christmas gift . The basket , canned goods , and produce pieces are very nice . The boxes , however , are very flimsy hollow cardboard and are showing wear after only three days of play , so I know they wo n't last long . At this price I do n't expect wooden boxes , but solid cardboard construction would be a better design for the age range to which this set is marketed . My daughter likes this set very much , and I think it will give her lots of enjoyment while it lasts .
 A lot of play food for the money -- a ton of stuff for the little one to play &#34; store &#34; with . Gives the little one a lot of &#34; food &#34; to put into and take out of the cart that we bought at the same time .
 These little groceries are really great representations of real food products . The plastic cans are shaped just like real food but scaled down for little hands . The labels have great graphics , but the best is the pre-sliced foods that hold together with velcro and then can be &#34; sliced &#34; with a big plastic -LRB- can not really cut -RRB- knife .
 This toy exceeded expectations . I got this for my toddler for Christmas . I could have stopped with this toy . Once she opened it , she did n't care about any of her other toys . The vegetables are high quality plastic . They also velcro together , which I have n't seen on comprable toys . Anyways , I highly recommend this toy .
 bueno juguetes para la ni & ntilde ; a de bonitos colores y diversidad bueno juguetes para la ni & ntilde ; a de bonitos colores y diversidad
 I got this for my two-year-old 's birthday as Grandma was getting a play kitchen for her . Not only did my daughter love it , but the other kids did too . The cardboard boxes are n't as flimsy as I have seen on some other play kitchen sets , and she loves the pieces of fruit you can cut .
 Just what I was looking for to go in my granddaughter 's grocery basket that she will receive for Christmas this year .
 I bought these grocery items for my grandsons to play . Talking about food is okay , but chewing on it is better ... . except for the cardboard boxes . My 3-y/o pretends to eat the food and has n't figured out you do n't really want to put it in your mouth . He thinks it 's funny . the cardboard box of chocolate cake has teeth prints on it . My 1-y/o is hard to keep away from it and has destroyed the fried chicken leg . I know he 's not supposed to get into it , but try keeping toys separate ! Overall , I think it 's really good . I 've put away all the cardboard boxes/packages . The pieces are big and not dangerous even for the little one . I had to put the plastic knife away because he grabs a real knife at every opportunity now . Be careful of putting ideas into little heads .
 My 4 year old daughter loves the groceries . They go great with the cash register .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 Very good quality shirt . Impeccable packaging . Very willing to buy from them again . Good marketing as well . Definitely recommend for customers looking for geeky ware .
 Love the shirt , its great quality and it is a great convo peiceget it!B +
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 it fits my 4year old perfectly ! He looks good and brim is stiff enough to keep rain water away from his upper head . Construction is very nice , it retains its shape even when its raining . the chin strap is straighforward and it works like it should .
 Good product . It looks like I will havze to iron it because it came so tightly wrapped that there are bends everywhere . Order was size up -LRB- which is what I did -RRB- . Fits perfect .
 My 13 year old son loves his new camo hat . It fits him well , and he loves wearing it around .
 Hat arrived in good time . Looks well-made , but the medium is a bit small . Not a problem , one of my friends liked the style , it fits him , so I gave it to him ! I had planned ahead , and bought one in large , which is great . I 'll continue the review on the large hat in the other order .
 Bought this for my husband since he works outside all year round and needs one , esp for summer and he loves it . Good color/design for him and serves it 's purpose .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 We bought this for a Piano recital for our son to wear . The theme was `` An officer and a Gentleman '' . The costume is costume quality . If you plan on ordering this costume you can probably order a size down as these costumes are pretty big -LRB- our son is tall and slender and we had to get it altered -RRB- . Overall the costume served its purpose
 The costume was shipped quickly . The size ran a little big especially the pants -LRB- 8-10 -RRB- , but they could be hemmed easy enough . One button fell off the shirt before we even put it on . Again , easy enough to sew back on if the button is not lost . As mentioned in other reviews , this is a costume ; not a real uniform , so it is a bit on the thin side .
 We bought this for a family photo . It arrived on time and was just what we expected . The hat is particularly cute .
 We ordered sailors costumes for two of our younger sons and decided to get this Admiral costume for our oldest son . THey looked amazing . The quality is high end costume quality -LRB- it is not an outfit and it is not meant to be -RRB- . Kids looked great and this is what we wanted .
 This a a great costume and the only one I found of a Navy Captain . Sizing runs a bit big . My son fit into the size 4-6 and he is 6 years old and tall and thin .
 I really loved the sailor suit . I made a boat for my son to wear and he look absolutely adorable on Halloween . Well worth the money . I thought it ran generous in size .
 We had a difficult time finding a costume like this in the stores . My son was not disappointed in this costume . Quality is typical of costumes .
 I ordered the American Flag bandanna . It 's great , just make sure you wash it first , and alone , because the colors will run . I wore mine to work out with , right after getting it . By the end of the workout the reds and blues were running everywhere , and all over my forehead . After putting it in the wash , with a little shout , it was as good as new . It 's also softer now .
 Ca n't go wrong really . It 's a cheap bandana but it 's good quality . Bright color and thick material . I use it as a dust mask or soak with water for hot weather . Nice large size too .
 I am a big fan of bandanas , particularly this one because they are quite big in size and easily folded . I am not a fan of the poorly sewed on tag though , most of the time those get ripped off of it anyways . The picture makes it look like you would get a pack of them though , and people who dont pay attention would probably be disappointed , I will most likely buy one of every color.-Pleased . -LRB- :
 I got this bandana for a friend who collects bandanas & he absolutely loved it . Good size , pretty sturdy without being stiff .
 How does one write a review about a bandana ? What I CAN say is that it was larger than I expected , and with the circumference of my noggin being on the large side , this was a good thing ! Other than that , it is what they claim . A bandana .
 Good quality bandana . I am very happy with it . It was what I expected . It is large enough for my big head .
 I love my new bandanas . I can tie them around my head gypsy style and still have a ` tail ' of the bandana and my hair hanging from the back . I ride a motorcycle and we have a helmet law here in Louisiana -- yucky -- and it the interior of the helmet from resting on my hair . I will be ordering more in the near future . Thanks for the ` big-head ' bandanas !!!!!
 Top quality bandanas very durable fabric , top notch shipping and service , packaging of product was excellent which is important if you are like me and receive a lot of broken items . Highly recommend this seller and bandanas 5 stars excellent item . . !! Sincerely , David Imel II .
 These bandanas are great for keeping sweat out of your eyes . They wash well .
 It is hard to find bandanas this large . They are fine for wearing on my head like a babushka . I do wish they were colorfast , or that the description stated that they are not colorfast , but otherwise they are fine .
 It 's amazing how hard it was to find simple , cheap , regular sized , lead free bandannas . Well these are it . The ones that I got were less than a dollar apiece , and they are exactly what I wanted . There are tons of colors available , and they also have the 26x26 ones , if you are looking for something larger than normal . If you just want a regular , nothing fancy , cheap bandanna , this it it .
 This is a nice bandana . I like the 27 '' size , easily works for numerous uses . It is rather stiff when first opened , but a little use or washing and it softens up nicely.It is NOT polyester as another reviewer stated -LRB- at least not the one I received -RRB- , just stiff until it is broken in . Fairly typical from my experience.I am happy with it , received it quickly after ordering , and would order again if I had the need .
 Right size and weight for those long Harley-Davidson rides with your special someone or her best friend . Would recomend for everyone /
 excellent over-large size , very versatile uses . Not sure yet about absorbency but looks fairly standard . Well worth the higher price .
 My daughter loves these bandanas ! She has several . They hold up in the wash great , no fading and the extra large size is nice to tuck in or to tie into a bow .
 Good material . Big bandana . In my BOB now . Almost big enough for a tourniquet . Used it as a headband when I played paintball . Washed well and did n't shrink . Good stuff .
 nice design , worth the money and it was in the right size and i just liked it , no problems at all with it
 Colorful fabric large enough for women to use as wraps and other expressive garments . If you wish to use them as handkerchiefs as my husband likes to have , the size is a little to large , attempt to get the smaller sizes . Otherwise , these handkerchiefs keep their color in the wash and are large enough to up do long , thick hair with plenty of room to tie knots .
 service de qualit&eacute; , rapidit&eacute; , conforme &agrave; la commande , tr&egrave;s tr&egrave;s bien , je recommanderais dans votre boutique.Tr&egrave;s satisfait .
 It 's a bandana . Nothing more , nothing less.Anyone hunting in the cold has had to wipe their eyes , nose , hands or wrapa cut . Wearing the right clothing and using the appropriate accessories is a must.I keep an extra one in my Icebreaker Handblanket Zippered Muff.The only white flag in the woods should be that of a deer.Sometimes it 's the smallest things that matter.This is one of them . Use the right color at the right time . ~ The Boss
 I picked up a half dozen of these to get my longer hair out of my eyes at work , and at the gym . I 'm out in Afghanistan and wanted some of these bandanas in place of wearing a hat . At first I thought them a bit stiff , but after a wash they were pretty soft , and the extra size is really nice for tying however you want ... I just tuck the extra tail in the sides . I 'm really happy with these particular bandanas and will be buying a few more now that I 've been using them the past few weeks and am very happy with them .
 I got the Trainmen Paisley Royal Blue.The main complaints for this products seem to be its texture , discomfort while wearing , and disappointment in color.I was satisfied with the color of my product , so I ca n't help much with that.But the rough texture that makes it uncomfortable to wear can be easily fixed after a few runs through the washer and dryer.Also , a few people complained that when they wore their product , it left a dye mark on their forehead ! Washing your product a few times will solve this issue as well.So WASH YOUR PRODUCT BEFORE YOU WEAR ! : -RRB- As far as practicality goes , the size is definitely large enough to tie around the average person 's head .
 Guy clams the items are fake and crappy ... . hello it 's square pieces of fabric . He stated scam how you get a 27 '' x 27 '' bandana , they are rough but it 's brand new even my acu army ones I was issues by the Military came this way just wash them a few times and there you go.It 's cheaper to get the larger one by about a dollar -LRB- b/c of the shipping charges -RRB- all it good buy one
 I bought the white trainmen bandana 27 `` x27 '' . I did n't expect much for this $ 3.79 . What I received was a decently cut and hemmed large bandana . What I mean by decently cut is that it folds in half evenly . The cons
 I bought this to wear around my head while I 'm cleaning , to keep sweat from rolling down my face & into my eyes . It 's a nice large bandana - folded over , it fits around my head nicely for a double-layer piece of cotton to absorb moisture . No problems tying it in the back on my head , so I would say the size is ample , considering I use it folded in two . It 's slim enough to fold in my cleaning tray & not cause me to lose any space for my cleaning products . The fabric is soft but feels durable & the stitching is great - no loose threads or frayed edges at all.I have no idea why anyone would say purchasing this is a scam -LRB- unless they themselves were a seller of the same type of product & wanted to undermine their competition ... -RRB- I got my order in just a couple of days , over a week before the due date that it had to be here . The bandana came with a receipt & polite note -LRB- despite being such an inexpensive item -RRB- , plus was packed folded & clean in it 's own shrink-wrap . I am very pleased & would buy another one from this seller if it 's ever needed .
 I have two German Shepherd mixes that we were taking on a long weekend camping trip in an area surrounded by state game lands . I tied a blaze orange bandanna around each of the dog 's necks and made sure they were wearing them whenever we went hiking . The bandannas made the dogs really noticeable , even in brush and the woods , and we got a lot of positive comments from other dog owners who thought this was a great idea . I 'm going to buy more so I have spares .
 Long enough to configure in many different ways , and after being washed twice , it softened up and I keep it in my get home bag . Will likely order another .
 I now have purchased three of these bandanas from them . I have a bunch of old red bandanas I bought years ago specifically for use during deer season , but they are all basically just red paisley handkerchiefs , and too small to use for anything else . I 've found that these are of and adequate size to be used as a head scarf , a wrap , an emergency arm sling , etc. . They are good quality and I would definitely recommend them to anyone . I bought one , bought another and went back a third time because I was convinced that I had found the best I could find .
 I bought this bandana to use for skiing . I figured that the 27 &#34; x 27 &#34; bandana would provide more than sufficient coverage for my face and neck while racing down the hill . The only issue that I found with this product is that the fabric is not soft , but is rough and stiff . It keeps your face warm , and looks great with just about any color jacket . Great Product .
 Nice big dimensions . First washing softened it up by half , but still sort of stiff . Hoping future washings will soften it further . So far , so good !
 Big enough to fit on large heads . Good quality material . Will purchase again when I need more . Have to fold in thirds to fit in pants pockets .
 I got 2 of these and alternate them . they work to cover my head when i run , which is a part of my running gear . i wet my hair and throw on the bandana and hit the road . it keeps off sunburn and hair out of the eyes , etc. i like how large it is and it covers all of my hair .
 Fabric is perfect quality , and sized way better than the standard bandana for 75/8 or bigger head!Now if only I knew how to tie one the right way !
 I really like the larger size . The material right out of the packaging is a bit stiff but loosens up with washing ... . Nothing different about that aspect than any other bandana that I have bought . So overall I really like this product .
 This is the perfect bandana -LRB- I bought the green cammo woodland just like the ones from US ARMY basic training as they are worn out after washes -RRB- The price is perfect EXCEPT for the shipping which was MORE than the item if you buy just one to begin with . These also make great craft items and costume embellishments or a cleaver hair-do tie . I will buy from this place again . 100 % cotton so they will fade and shrink as usual with wear . 5 stars .
 I ordered a large green bandana for use while snowboarding . 27 '' is actually a pretty huge bandana , which is a welcomed change of pace seeing as I 'm actually able to tie it around my pumpkin head . It feels like a nice semi-thick durable material . It works and looks cool . What more can I say ?
 Just a warning bandanas that are 27 by 27 are huge and you may want to order 22 by 22 if these are just used to cover your head . But they are made quite well and I just fold these in half and use them just as well . Over all a good product here and again very well made .
 We purchased these for a military boot camp themed birthday party . The kids either chose camoflauge or American Flag patterns . They were perfect for the relay race . We could easily tell the kids apart . The bandanas worked well for the day , but did not hold up well in the wash .
 Pretty standard stuff . Good for use as a handkerchief , impromptu napkin when on an airplane or wearing around your head in the garden .
 This bandana was purchased to complete a b.o.b. and after receiving it , im getting 2 more in od green , great material , very tight , clean strong edges , has many uses
 I wanted some inexpensive bandanas to put around my dogs during hunting season . Work great !
 21 X 21 Bandanas are easy to find , but larger sizes are hard to find . These are a good size 27 X 27 . Otherwise they are pretty standard -LRB- very thin cotton -RRB- . These work fine , I wish the red was color fast but it is not . Anything white next to it turns pink , but all in all , I like them .
 I bought these bandanas for my running partner . He says they are great for keeping the sweat out his eyes when he runs .
 This is a genuine blaze orange bandana . The dog wears it when we hunt , so that she looks even less like a coyote . Nice to see that the color was authentic . Did not fade so far when washed .
 The 6th Group brought Tiger Stripes back from Laos in the 60 's . My new bandana protects my neck , while making me the stylish envy of all who survey me .
 These are nicely patterned , big enough for big heads like me -LRB- not fat heads -RRB- . As a pro performer , I can get the `` bad boy '' look . Bikers like me too . I love 'em !!
 I ordered the Black/Red and Black/White and received them very fast . Excellent high-quality bandanas that I really like . As a matter of fact , I just placed a subsequent order for more . I am no way affiliated with this company . This was a completely unbiased review .
 I ordered the black and red bandana and received it quickly . I love the color mix . Robin , at customer service was fantastic with helping me with a size change . I would highly reccomend this site .
 I have been carrying or wearing bandanas for DECADES and I think the oversized ones are wonderful . I have a large neck and these let me tie them and still have a little more hanging to dab my face if I perspire . They are absorbent after being washed , and I always wash things like this before donning them or it would be too itchy . I like that I can cut off the tag rather than having the `` Made in ... '' imprinted on the corner . I was always picky about having that imprint out of sight , now I do n't have to bother looking for it . I look forward to their getting softer and softer from repeated washings , just like my old smaller bandanas - those go in my purse , pocket , or around my dog 's neck now .
 while most bandanas ar 22 `` x22 '' , these are a generous 27 `` x27 '' - they fit easily around the largest head ! sturdy fabric may be a bit stiff at first , but by the second wash it softened up nicely . highly recommended !
 I have been looking for a bandana that would fit my husband 's head and was soft enough to feel good . Once he folded a normal sized bandana into a triangle and placed it over his head , there was n't much left to tie a knot with . This slightly larger one works very well for him . He likes the soft feel of the fabric and that there is plenty of material to tie a knot with . He is very pleased with this bandana .
 I was a little concerned about ordering this based on some of the negative reviews of this and other bandanas onAmazon , but went ahead anyway and have been very happy with this product . As I said in the title , it has stood up to many washings and is still an excellent bright orange -LRB- wash by hand and it will last longer - DEFINITELY do n't use bleach , even color safe bleach -RRB- . The stitching has remained secure , as well.I have used this bandana for many things . a napkin , headwear , neckerchief , etc. but I primarily keep it in my pack because it is an excellent bright signal orange which is a great thing to have , especially if you are anywhere near hunting lands or a place where an emergency signal would be useful . It 's a great product which fulfills the one item/multiple uses desires of many outdoor 's enthusiasts.I would and will buy this product again .
 These bandanas are a great larger size , pure cotton and color safe . They are quite stiff with sizing when they arrive but one washing made them soft and absorbent . I use them as sweat bands whenever necessary and find the cotton much more comfortable than any synthetic . Nice colors and good quality with hemmed edges .
 It took about 5 days to ship to my home . It 's good quality for the low price and you are able to track this order . I bought this for my sister and she loves it .
 27 x 27 good quality for use in the outdoors highly recommended for others ... its a bandana - nothing more but nice
 This bandana is a larger size -LRB- 27 x 27 -RRB- compared to most others -LRB- 22 x 22 -RRB- . The price was cheap and after one washing it softened up just fine . On mine the desert camo colors did not bleed .
 I bought the red camo and tiger striped camo bandannas . They smooth out after a few washes and do n't seem to fade . I plan on buying more ; nothing to complain about them .
 Received these items promptly and gave them one washing before using . They are exactly what i expected . They are a litte larger than i was anticipating but that 's probably becasue i did n't measure my old bandanas . For the price these are a pretty good value . Would order from this seller in the future again .
 Sure is stiff when I received it . Washed it in darks after many reviews talking about colors running out of the bandana . Not so with mine . One washing makes it much softer and less stiff.I also love the huge size . I plan on using it as a face cover for an open faced helmet in spring/summer . The large size leaves a lot of fabric to tie this over my face.As long as they all are like this one , I would order more .
 the colers are good exepet the blue one looks close to black then Dark blue dont expect it to be a High quality Bandana but it still do the job '' '' '
 I 'm part of a `` Preparedness '' group . We recently met and had a discussion about what should go in your `` 72 hr bag '' . A couple in the group are hard-core hiker/campers - the real deal . I was in awe . My idea of camping is a 5th wheel with pullouts . . Anyway , one thing they mentioned was having several bandanas with you in your backpack . -LRB- they mentioned we should all have one in our cars as well -RRB- . As they listed off all the things you can do with a bandana , I was again amazed
 This bandana came a bit rough feeling , but once I threw it through the wash for a couple cycles , it was very comfortable feeling . It also showed durability , as the folded back and sewn over seam had not begun to fray like many other cheap fabrics do .
 This is a large , good quality bandana . It softens up nicely after washing and has a number of daily uses as well as uses as an invaluable survival tool .
 I like either wearing and/or carrying bandannas when i hike . These works break for sweat rags and they 're large enough to double for emergency use -LRB- slings , etc. . -RRB-
 I see it came in black , red , white , blue etc. . I ended up buying a white one , but was really hoping they had jeanclaude .
 it 's a make shift bandage turnakit or towel what ever and its very well made but you do have to wash it multiple times before it will be soft .
 Great quality bandana especially for the price . Deep true color and full sized makes it usable for a variety of uses
 Bought this as a component to my son 's Halloween costume . Just what I needed and a better price than anywhere else .
 This is a great bandana . I did n't want the typical colors and patterns and I love the paisley print . Nice fabric and washed well .
 I ordered this bag as a workout bag and it 's great . It 's maybe just a touch too big , but not so much as to detract from its usefulness as a workout bag , in fact , the little extra size makes it a bit more versatile . I could pack for a brief getaway or put a couple changes of clothes in it . The quality of construction is very good and I do n't have any issues with the handles like some other reviewers . I have n't had it that long so there 's a chance the handles could wear a to a point where they easily disconnect . I do n't think it would be too hard to correct in that case anyway ... a couple stickers on the inside handle would provide the necessary friction to hold them together securely .
 A well made and functional bag . The bag did stink of made in china plastic type of chemicals when I first received it , but after a month the bag has lost most of that offensive odor . I use the shoulder strap carrying the bag and would have preferred a more padded strap but that 's just me being picky . Top Bag and I would buy another , hopefully not for a good while .
 The bag is awesome because it is durable , stylish , and roomy . The shoe compartment takes up too much space in the bag , but otherwise I am glad I bought it .
 This red bag is perfect for the gym workout or whatever your needs are . Its well made . I 've been using it for last 8 months and I love it .
 Great looking bag , love the pockets everywhere . Perfect size for work . I was happy to see the `` shoe '' pocket did n't invade the large middle pocket . It just is a synthetic fabric that squishes up . I wo n't use the shoe pocket so I was worried about that . top grade zippers and fabric . Will buy again if/when it wears out .
 I have been using this bag for over a year and it has held up great . It still looks brand new , despite carrying it to work and the gym on an almost daily basis . Well worth the money !! There is plenty of room for a pair of sneakers , a gym outfit , a towel and more ... Great bag !! Update
 I 've had this gym bag for about 6 months now and have been really happy with it . In addition to being well made , it has a ton of storage space and lots of different compartments , which really helps me keep things organized . The lockers at my gym are not huge , but this bag will fit in with my coat , work clothes , and shoes . All in all , a very nice gym bag .
 This is a great bag . The right size for my need . It is very well made with good zippers and shoulder strap . It looks great . The pockets are sufficient without being gimmicky . No complaint at all . I expect to get 5-10 years of use out of it .
 I use this Bag for the Gym . It has all the compartments I need to change from Street Clothes to Gym Clothes including compartments for Wallet , Change and IPod . I especially like the handle with the quick clasp istead of the velcro type handles . Although this may be my personal preference , it was the selling point for me .
 I purchased this bag because I have a back pack made by OGIO , well my pack is about 6 years old and its built like a tank so I figured the gym bag would be of equal quality , well sadly it was about half as heavy duty . its still a very nice bag but the zippers do not work smooth at all like my pack , the zipper that goes around the top seems to get stuck and I have to play with it a little to get it to unzip or zip which ever way I am going . It is not a big bag it has enough room for a med towel , tee shirt , shorts , and shoes . That is about it . I can take my gym clothes out and put my work clothes in which are pants and usually a polo type shirt . over all I am pleased with the bag , the zippers are not very good quality , nothing at all as good as my old pack.I would still buy this one again only if it were a bit cheaper , next time I would probably try the other major brand gym bag that I have seen on Amazon.the handles snap into each other but once you change position of the bag they pop open so that was a waste of plastic , there is a small pocket for an mp3 player or cd player it is also pretty much a waste of add on . the best feature of the bag is the fact that you can separate your shoes from the rest of your items inside the bag , the end of the bag unzips and you can slide your shoes into the bag .
 The bag is typical Ogio , very well constructed . I use it mainly to carry workout clothes and an extra pair of shoes . It serves that purpose well . I 'm a light packer , so I could probably make this work for a weekend , but I 'd have to leave the shoes out . The front zippered compartment has ample room for chargers , toiletries , or whatever you might need that 's small . There 's an MP3/phone slot on the back , that I do use to store my phone it . Zippered compartment on either end , one for shoes that goes into the main compartment , and one that more small storage.Very happy with the bag , I 'm sure I 'll get years of use out of it , my only complaint would be it could be a tad bit larger . For single change of clothes type stuff , it 's perfect .
 I was struggling to find a bag the right size with quality materials/construction and a wet pouch that expand to the interior . This has a little board on the bottom that keeps it 's shape , so there is not much chance that you will be able to stuff this into a standard gym locker without putting it on it 's side - not a big deal , but it do n't think you are getting a bag that easily reduces to a shapeless heap.Many have commented on the plastic clasps on each of the two small handles that fit together . I did n't think it would be a problem , but it is annoying that the handles just barely have enough length to fit together - actually they do n't really even have barely enough length , because with a full bag you must pull and pucker the top of the bag a little to get the two clasps to fit each other -LRB- this takes two hands to do -RRB- . You can just grab the two handles and carry the bag without worrying about fitting them together , but then it is a rather uncomfortable feeling . If the straps of the two small handles were longer , you could grab the bag with one hand and easily shift the plastic clasps around and get them to snap together within a couple of steps as you walk away.The little zipper pocket for an mp3 player is nice , and has a hole for earphones to stick through , but I do n't use it . I do use the wide pocket behind the OGIO logo to store my stereo bluetooth headphones and a wrist brace.It is a nice bag , and would be perfect if the handles fit together easier , but I mostly use the shoulder strap , so it is not a deal breaker , but I like to grab my bag quickly with one hand and this bag make that action a nuisance .
 It a nice bag I 'm glade i spent the money on it . The shoe compartment is main reason I got this bag . the handle to carry bag is pretty cool , it snaps together and is just like handle on regular luggage bag . I do n't see anyway for it to pinch you skin . It makes a great shower bag for truck driver . That what I 'm going to use it for
 I do not know why it is called an `` All Terrain '' duffle bag but it is completely suited to my needs of packing what I need to go the gym for a work out . The main part of the bag has a `` U '' shaped zippered top that works very easily . In fact all of the zippers on the bag are heavy duty and can take a good solid tug . The `` U '' shaped opening allows easy access to the very simple interior of the bag , which is nice . No inside pockets or sleeves , just open space to put shoes , towels , gym shorts , shirts or whatever . It does have two zippered pocktes on each end . One I use as a dry storage for placing my workout book and/or wallet and keys . The other has a long sleeve that can extend into the main part of the bag . It is advertised as being waterproof so it is great for placing a wet towel along with a swim suit after the work out . It does work as advertised . And , after it is home and unpacked , the sleve can be pulled out for thorough drying . It also has a good sized outside zippered pocket that I use for storing my sandals . They are size 12 and fit easily . On the other side is a small outside zippered pocket that I use for storing a brush and deoderant stick . The next item , which seems trivial , is on each end of the bag is a plastic loop . It is there for attaching a shoulder strap , which I do not use . Instead , I have found it a very convienient place to put my padlock on one side and the key on the other . So everything is together . I just grab the bag and head out the door . You would certainly not want to pass up any ephemeral urges to head to the gym for a workout.One last thing to comment on - the handles . These are two separte parts that snap together over the center of the bag . They are nice and solid.Overall , I would definitely recommend this bag to anyone looking for a mid sized duffle bag .
 I got this bag for a 2-3 day trip , either in the car or plane . I have a gym bag , and it would suit that purpose just as well . It has the pockets as advertised
 There are so many products on the market today , it is sometimes difficult to make a good choice . I took a chance on this bag to be used as a gym bag . I wanted something sturdy , light weight with compartments for shoes , ipod , clothes . lock , towels and water bottle . I did not want a large cumbersome bag . This bag is just what I needed . It meets all the requirements I had .
 its a little stiff as to be expected , i can fit SOOO much in the shoe pocket ... i thought it would only fit shoes but ive put my wet shower shoes in there as well as dirty gym shoes and still had room for sweaty clothes and a towel . other side pocket is cool its a good size . i like the front poclet to with dividers in it and there is also a cool media pouch at the top ... people SAY the handles are hard to get together but they must be stupid because its the easiest handle ive ever used ... To be HONEST probably the best thing ive ever bought from Amazon
 I like the separate compartment for your shoes , the comfortable handle and the side compartments for things like your shampoo .
 It is a bag , so it 's hard for me to get too excited about , but the zippers are good quality and it has held up well . It is a convenient gym and travel bag .
 I use it exclusively for the gym but I 'm sure it is adaptable to other uses . A extremely well-made bag , with neat features like the external ipod pocket .
 For The Money , I Strongly Recommend This Ogio Bag . Bigger Would Be Too Big , It 's Just About Right In All Regards . Cool Carrying Handle Too As Well As Nice Shoulder Strap . I 'm Very Happy With Mine And Would Buy Again .
 I used a previous version of this bag for about 7 years so when I started looking for a new one I was really happy to see that OGIO still made it . It has been updated with heavier zippers , dual zippers on the ends of the bag and the plastic handle . I really like the mesh pockets inside the large front zippered pocket .
 this bag is very well constructed , just the right amount of pockets for storage . this is a large bag , very roomy . son uses it for baseball equipment and uniform and he is very happy with it .
 It was just what I was looking for . Something well made with different compartments for items like shoes . The two handles that fit together on the hand straps is a nice feature . If I was to lose this bag , I would quickly buy another .
 Unfortunately the 25 % that I do n't care for is fairly important , the handle . The handle is molded plastic and is supposed to be `` interlocking '' . I like that the handle is plastic , but it really does n't `` interlock '' very well . As soon as you set the bag down , the handle comes apart and you have to put it back together again before picking it back up . Other than that , it 's a great bag . Perfect size , great pockets/storage -LRB- including separate shoe compartment & audio pocket -RRB- , and it 's lightweight . If the handle worked the way it was supposed to , I believe it would be the perfect duffle bag .
 I bought this when going on a trip for a long weekend . It is a good size for a long weekend -LRB- 3 pairs of clothes or so plus all your toiletries . The bag that comes out of the side to help make the bag bigger really only makes it awkward to carry . It does work for soft thing . Decent bag otherwise
 Excellent bag but not quite as large as I needed -- hard to get jogging shoes , sandals and other gear in , but I will use . Lots of pockets -- end opposite shoe pocket , front pocket with two mesh pockets . Lacks outside mesh pocket , however . Still best sports duffel I found .
 I checked out a variety of gym/duffel bags and found this to be a larger size bag , good quality and not too expensive .
 I ride the bus so I do not have a car to `` store '' my gym clothes while I am in class or at work . This little bag is just right . I love the side compartments ; the one for my shoes is nice because I do n't have to wear sneakers all day , and it keeps the dirt and whatnot from the track away from my clothes , the other compartment easily holds my shampoo/conditioner/hair make up stuff . The main compartment has plenty space ; I could easily fit in several days of workout clothes and still have plenty of room for a towel . Lastly , the front is perfect for holding all my whatnots -LRB- gym card , keys , mp3 player , hair ties , post workout shacks ... -RRB- . Anyways , this a great bag , and definitely a keeper in my books .
 This bag is GREAT ! I did a lot of reading / researching before settling on this bag and this bag turns out to be as good as the advertising described . High workmanship quality to this bag . The size is very good , I actually can fit in about 4 to 5 changes of cloths in here . The separate air-holed shoe carriage compartment is a great idea so I no longer have to mix in my stinky shoes with my clothes . THe shoulder strap is comfortable , but perhaps the only point I would take off is for the plastic clasp handles . They are sometimes hard to work with , especially if you just want to grab the handles and run . However , I do like the handle 's `` locking '' mechanism . All in all , this is a very great bag for this price . It can not be beat !
 This bag totally exceeded my expectations . Has just the right amount of pockets in different sizes to organize my shoes , clothes , ipod , lifting gloves , wallet etc. . Makes it so much easier to find what I need quickly . Took a suggestion from a previous poster to use Eagle Creek Pack it Folder -LRB- 15 -RRB- to carry my work clothes . The folder fits perfectly in the bag , keeps my clothes wrinkle free and eliminates the need to carry clothes on a hanger . I also use a pack it half cube to organize socks , belt and other smaller items . The hard plastic handle is cool the way it interlocks and is so much easier to open and close than velcro handles . The carry strap is comfortable and there are plastic d-loops on either side where i hang my combo lock and snap link with gym id tags . Not too big , not too small , just perfect is all i can say .
 I waited months to purchase a new gym bag to replace my old off brand bag and after countless research I finally decided to purchase the OGIO All Terrain Duffel based on the great reviews.There were a few things I wanted to make sure of :1 -RRB- Ample space -- I take two make-up bags , curling iron , and all my work clothes , Kindle and IPOD to the gym on a daily basis and it was really difficult to find a bag to fit all of those items and still fit into a standard gym locker . This bag holds everything and still has room for some extra 's in the side and front pocket !! 2 -RRB- Holds it 's shape -- There is nothing worse then trying to put all of your items into a bag to only have the bag continually deflate as you are trying to rush and gets your clothes etc. . packed up . This was an unexpected suprise on how pliable the bag could be to fit into a locker , yet continue to hold it 's shape so I could easily get all my belongings stored away in a neat and orderly fashion .3 -RRB- Comfort -- due to the amount of items I take everyday , having a comfortable , well built shoulder strap was a must . This bag does n't disappoint . The shoulder pad is nice and comfy and the best part it stays put , it does n't slide down the strap everytime the strap is down.All in all this bag is worth every penny , and I would highly recommend it !
 My daughter needed a bag for her Basketball team gear . She wanted room for wet clothes , shoes and a pocket for phone and Ipod and stuff . This bag has been great . It of course had to look good and function as well , If you are on a team and need a good well thought out bag this is a good option.Top pocket opens largee enough to see everything . Wet pockets are big enough to fit shoes . End pocket holds water bottle and snacks . Plastic clips make closing easy with a comfortable handle .
 I had a gym bag in grad school -LRB- Nike -RRB- that lasted for like 10 years . It was spectacular . The bag never got old , really , but I became bored with it . So last year I bought a new Adidas bag . Big , roomy and pink . Oh yeah , and constructed like crap . It started to fall apart within 6 months . Plus it was just TOO big and had no interior pockets . So I started researching a new bag about 2 months ago and found this one . It 's big enough to fit my clothes , makeup , shoes and all the other stuff I need post-workout and yet not bulky . I would say it 's `` just right . '' And it has lots of neat interior and exterior pockets -LRB- one for the ipod on the exterior , which I appreciate -RRB- . It feels fairly well-constructed so I hope to have a long and lasting relationship with this bag !
 I did n't expect much out of this bag , but I 've been very pleased with it.Pros - Inexpensive , but does n't feel `` cheap '' . Material is strong , and the zippers are good quality . - The wet pocket expands internally to a large space . I use it for all my workout clothes -LRB- shorts/shirt/boxers / socks -RRB- - Strap is padded and comfortable - Looks goodCons - None so far
 I often travel on short business trips -LRB- 2-3 days -RRB- , so I wanted a medium-sized duffle bag that was durable and had a separate compartment for my 2nd pair of shoes . The Ogio All Terrain duffle bag looked it would fit the bill , so I ordered it hoping that I can use it on an upcoming trip . The bag is actually as good as I expected after reading all the previously posted reviews . I definitely has a inner `` pouch '' where you can insert a pair of shoes from one end of the bag -LRB- good sized pouch too -RRB- , and if you do n't need it you can just compress that pouch no problem . There 's a small zippered compartment on the top of the bag for an iPod or media player with a small hole for the earbud cable . The bag has another zippered compartment on the opposite end of the bag and a large zippered compartment in the front of the bag with some meshed pockets.The bag has a semi-rigid piece at the bottom of the bag , and it seems sufficiently large enough for me to pack away on pair of sneakers , toiletries bag , clothes , etc. for a 2 or 3 day trip . Most of the bag has canvas material on the outside with nylon fabric on the inside . The top of the bag is only nylon , but it still seems durable enough for normal traveling . The only negative I could see is the anchors on the ends of the bag where you 'd attach the shoulder straps . These anchors are made of plastic , where I 'd prefer to have them made of metal for durability . Same goes for the clips on the ends of shoulder strap -LRB- plastic also -RRB- . It may not be a problem , as the plastic seems pretty hard . But , time will tell on how durable they are.So all-in-all I 'm happy with the Ogio bag and I believe it will serve its purpose as my 2-3 day travel bag . The price was right , and the company that I purchased it from shipped the product very quickly !
 This bag fits in all the gym lockers . I work out all over California with my 24-Hour Fitness membership . Your gym shoes have their own spot , I put some magazines on the bottom in case I 'm going to be on the elliptical for a while . Then there 's room enough for 2 sets of gym clothes , towels in the main area . I put my keys , ID and lock in the front area and dirty clothes in the side pocket . Very cool !
 Overall I really like this bag - plenty of room for workout clothing/shoes , a protected , expandable side bag for wet stuff , and a couple of handy side pockets . The only feature I do n't like are the handles . The older Ogio bags had handles that actually snapped together and stayed that way . The handles now are still sturdy plastic , but nest together instead of clipping - they are always coming apart . Otherwise , very happy with it .
 Very good quality shirt . Impeccable packaging . Very willing to buy from them again . Good marketing as well . Definitely recommend for customers looking for geeky ware .
 Love the shirt , its great quality and it is a great convo peiceget it!B +
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 I 've looked a round for the perfect gym bag and decided on this one . I love it as it 's the perfect size , and the color 's not bad either ! The shoe pocket is big enough for a pair of ladies ' sneakers , plus a pair of sandals/slippers - perfect for the gym or as a weekender . The bag 's well-made and it looks like it 'll last me a long time . A big plus - the price is right !
 it fits my 4year old perfectly ! He looks good and brim is stiff enough to keep rain water away from his upper head . Construction is very nice , it retains its shape even when its raining . the chin strap is straighforward and it works like it should .
 Good product . It looks like I will havze to iron it because it came so tightly wrapped that there are bends everywhere . Order was size up -LRB- which is what I did -RRB- . Fits perfect .
 My 13 year old son loves his new camo hat . It fits him well , and he loves wearing it around .
 Hat arrived in good time . Looks well-made , but the medium is a bit small . Not a problem , one of my friends liked the style , it fits him , so I gave it to him ! I had planned ahead , and bought one in large , which is great . I 'll continue the review on the large hat in the other order .
 Bought this for my husband since he works outside all year round and needs one , esp for summer and he loves it . Good color/design for him and serves it 's purpose .
 I was looking for a purse -LRB- small -RRB- and grabbed this one without realizing it was a toy . If the ad had been descriptive enough , I would n't have made the mistake , but in either case , it is a good product , just a toy .
 Wife found them to be quite comfy , far more so than the boycut versions from the same manufacturer .
 This are great and have done well wash after wash . Excellent for those hot workouts . Only issues is panty lines when wearing those fitted workout pants .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 These are awsome for very high heat enviroments . I am currently stationed in Iraq and have been wearing these for a couple months now . They really allow for free movement , but at the same time the help keep you sensitive parts in place . The moisture wicking feature of the material is what sets them far apart from the competition . I 'd highly recommend them to anyone who had to do alot of walking , lifting and running.The only drawback is the price , $ 20 a pair is a bit much . They are a great product but maybe they could save a guy a little cash .
 These ought to be standard military issue . They are incredibly comfortable , and the mesh front gives support and ventilation like no other . The design of the front mesh jock like pouch keeps the twins from sticking to youre thighs . A fresh pair of these and double dash of Gold Bond powder and your set for day in the field !
 Well worth the $ 20 price . Ideal for long distance motorcycle touring in hot or cold weather . No more swamp , do n't bunch . Wash by hand at campsite , very simple , pack small .
 Great stuff . I brought a couple of pair to try and they 'd have to be the best jocks I own . The double front mesh panels seem to be able to adjust to just the right size . These provide a comfortable amount of support and yet allow for reasonable bit movement . Highly recommended .
 These are the best boxer briefs I have ever worn . Very comfortable and great for using while on treadmill and other training machines . No chaffing whatsoever .
 I 'm a runner and I originally ordered one pair of these shorts because I wanted to find something to prevent the rub burn on my legs that i was getting on 3 + mile runs.I used them for about three weeks and was so pleased with their performance that I immediately ordered two more pair !!! Very comfortable , very breathable , and good wicking . They definitely keep me dry , cool and comfortable.I even received free shipping , but I 'm not sure if that goes for all size/color combos.This item was a great investment .
 This underware from under armour works great . I use them when I lift and at work , which is outside in the humidity . No more swamp .
 These are the most comfortable underwear ever . They feel like a second set of skin and are very supportive in the groin area -LRB- I run a lot -RRB- . I bought one to try it , and immediately turned around and ordered four more .
 This is the most comfortable underwear around . They keep you cool and do n't restrict movement at all . Con
 When I bought this pair of fishnet tights it was only because there were none left of the plain kind I liked . But when I got them and put them on I liked them so much more than the non-dual fence fishnet tights . I also liked how large the loops were , because I was wearing them for a Halloween costume and i makes them a little more theatrical .
 Wife found them to be quite comfy , far more so than the boycut versions from the same manufacturer .
 This are great and have done well wash after wash . Excellent for those hot workouts . Only issues is panty lines when wearing those fitted workout pants .
 These are awsome for very high heat enviroments . I am currently stationed in Iraq and have been wearing these for a couple months now . They really allow for free movement , but at the same time the help keep you sensitive parts in place . The moisture wicking feature of the material is what sets them far apart from the competition . I 'd highly recommend them to anyone who had to do alot of walking , lifting and running.The only drawback is the price , $ 20 a pair is a bit much . They are a great product but maybe they could save a guy a little cash .
 These ought to be standard military issue . They are incredibly comfortable , and the mesh front gives support and ventilation like no other . The design of the front mesh jock like pouch keeps the twins from sticking to youre thighs . A fresh pair of these and double dash of Gold Bond powder and your set for day in the field !
 Well worth the $ 20 price . Ideal for long distance motorcycle touring in hot or cold weather . No more swamp , do n't bunch . Wash by hand at campsite , very simple , pack small .
 Great stuff . I brought a couple of pair to try and they 'd have to be the best jocks I own . The double front mesh panels seem to be able to adjust to just the right size . These provide a comfortable amount of support and yet allow for reasonable bit movement . Highly recommended .
 These are the best boxer briefs I have ever worn . Very comfortable and great for using while on treadmill and other training machines . No chaffing whatsoever .
 I 'm a runner and I originally ordered one pair of these shorts because I wanted to find something to prevent the rub burn on my legs that i was getting on 3 + mile runs.I used them for about three weeks and was so pleased with their performance that I immediately ordered two more pair !!! Very comfortable , very breathable , and good wicking . They definitely keep me dry , cool and comfortable.I even received free shipping , but I 'm not sure if that goes for all size/color combos.This item was a great investment .
 This underware from under armour works great . I use them when I lift and at work , which is outside in the humidity . No more swamp .
 These are the most comfortable underwear ever . They feel like a second set of skin and are very supportive in the groin area -LRB- I run a lot -RRB- . I bought one to try it , and immediately turned around and ordered four more .
 This is the most comfortable underwear around . They keep you cool and do n't restrict movement at all . Con
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 They are so comfortable and they always look good after washing . No fuss , just wear them and you always look good . That 's why I purchased 4 pair
 I have purchased several of these cargo shorts over the past couple of years and would recommend them to anyone . The quality and sizing for most of my purchases has been quite consistent . However , of the last two that I purchased , one of the pair had a larger waist band than all of the others . I hope this does not indicate deteriorating quality control . But overall , I would say that these are well-made , very comfortable shorts at a reasonable price .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 Love the Sox . This is a great hat . The cocoa color is nice and kind of matches a lot of colors of clothing . I have the XL size and that fits about a 71/2 size head . Bought it @ $ 10 or so . Great price for one of my favorite hats . Will buy another next time the price is low .
 Bought this cap for a Sox fan who has a huge cap collection . I am sure that he does n't have any in brown . Quite unique .
 Picking out a hat for someone else can be tricky . However , this hat came in a nice shade of chocolate brown and was a `` perfect fit . '' My husband loved it !
 The product was perfect ! I messed up on the shipping address and as soon as the product reached the company , they immediately sent it to the correct address I gave them . The whole process was fantastic . The shirt was the right size for intended recepient and I loved the navy rings around the sleeves and the neck collar . Perfect gift !
 My husband asked for one of these buckles for his birthday . Only a few companies make them - Tiffany , Paul Stuart are a couple of them , and they were WAY more expensive than the Legere buckle . He was really happy with the buckle and he wears it to work . It 's an elegant buckle , and I highly recommend it , especially for the price . You ca n't do better price-wise for sterling silver .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 At the price , you already know this is a low end bra . It is really a bare bones bra , -LRB- no elastic or padding , underwires , lace , etc. -RRB- . But it is durable , washable in hot water . If you want to go and mud wrestle , you will want to wear this bra . I am giving it 5 stars because it is worth every penny of its low cost .
 Bought this for my 6 year old grandson when his baby sister was born . It is adorable ! Bought the 6/8 and it was plenty big enough . It is not as long as some of his other shirts , but fits otherwise .
 Very cute big brother t-shirt . Arrived as expected . Little concerned about the fading after wash , but realize this will happen .
 Loved this shirt & so did my 8 year old grandson ! Most of the items that I found for a big brother or big sister were geared for toddlers . This one is perfect for the older set . Nice T-Shirt .
 The Tshirt is not the cheap kind you buy in the hospital gift shop , so worth paying an extra five bucks for it . Thank goodness they carry the Xlarge , although the sizes do run kind of small .
 These shirts are very cute and look just as pictured . I bought one for each of my boys as they await the arrival of their baby sister . One word of caution , however -- they do run small . After reading other reviews , I ordered a size 6-8 for my 3-year-old , though I was nervous it would be huge . It 's a little big , but I 'm certain the 2-4 would have been too small , so I 'm glad I ordered the next size up !
 I was very concerned that my 2 year old Great Nephew would be feeling a trifle left out when his baby sister was born . We knew the new baby was going to be a girl , but I worried that Mason would not feel like he was a part of the whole new production -LRB- although I should n't have worried as his parents are wonderful and had of course anticipated this happening and had addressed the issue , but as I was shopping for the new baby , I saw this shirt and from all reports he was very happy with it and now the new baby is `` his '' baby , I am not implying that the shirt was the `` magic bullet '' but maybe it helped a little . A great buy !
 It was cute and came on time . After reading the other reviews , I made my decision on size , so it should be ok .
 Item was just as I 'd hoped . A little big for my 17 month old son , but it was a 2T so that was expected :-RRB- Cute shirt !
 I am pleased with this product . Not only did this arrive in a timely manner , but the size of the shirt was just perfect for my son .
 My nephew looked so cute , and wore this proudly to the hospital when his new baby sister arrived ! Nice bright colors and thick quality cotton too !
 Cute shirt , but did n't know that the company was going to put their logo directly under the decal . Thought that is tacky .
 I bought a bunch of these for my husband who works construction . They are holding up better than the ones he gets at work = -RRB-
 I bought this for my husband in the gray color . It is really soft and washes up beautifully.He enjoys it ! I should buy all the other colors now ...
 I just simply love these polo 's . They are very fine and comfortable to wear . I am thinking of getting some more .
 I bought this shirt for my brother-in law for his birthday . He liked it so much he then ordered 2 for his brother .
 I hesitate to by any kind of clothes online , especially with my height -LRB- tall -RRB- and pickiness with clothes . I was surprised how nice this shirt was . It 's nice and thick , BUT it does run big . I had to shrink it the first time I washed it .
 Just received the Grey color . Ca n't believe the fine quality at this price . Going back to buy the other colors now .
 This Polo came to me on time and is a very good looking shirt . American Cottons sizing of their Polos is correct . I will buy again when available .
 Was able to purchase these shirts for very little money so I did not really expect much . What I received was way beyond what I had expected , these shirts were of very good quality and after having washed them 3 times they still look as good as they did when I first received them !
 I bought it on sale as a gift for my husband 's birthday . He loved it ! Great item . Good design and material ! Perfect for casual or sporty wearing .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 I bought this for my husband in the gray color . It is really soft and washes up beautifully.He enjoys it ! I should buy all the other colors now ...
 I just simply love these polo 's . They are very fine and comfortable to wear . I am thinking of getting some more .
 I bought this shirt for my brother-in law for his birthday . He liked it so much he then ordered 2 for his brother .
 I hesitate to by any kind of clothes online , especially with my height -LRB- tall -RRB- and pickiness with clothes . I was surprised how nice this shirt was . It 's nice and thick , BUT it does run big . I had to shrink it the first time I washed it .
 Just received the Grey color . Ca n't believe the fine quality at this price . Going back to buy the other colors now .
 This Polo came to me on time and is a very good looking shirt . American Cottons sizing of their Polos is correct . I will buy again when available .
 Was able to purchase these shirts for very little money so I did not really expect much . What I received was way beyond what I had expected , these shirts were of very good quality and after having washed them 3 times they still look as good as they did when I first received them !
 I bought it on sale as a gift for my husband 's birthday . He loved it ! Great item . Good design and material ! Perfect for casual or sporty wearing .
 Good quality for the money . I bought three different wool sweaters for my husband from Jos Banks and gave all three sweaters five stars
 Nice quality sweater . Was impossible to update shipping address due to third party merchant relationship , though .
 This is a fine-looking sweater made of silky-soft wool . Very nice looking . I am pleased with my purchase .
 it is a little pricey for a keychain but once u get it u understand why . This is a gorgeous keychain , very well made and very very pretty .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 This is a very nicely made vest . I was very happy to find it in the larger sizes -LRB- 3x , 4x -RRB- for my hubby . I will probably buy him another one as there were several colors to choose from .
 I bought this for my daughter 's International Day Parade at her school , and she was a stand-out at the Parade . It 's very similar to what you might see Pocahantas wear from the Disney movies.For my 5 year old , she 's about 44 inches tall and relatively thin -LRB- not sure how heavy she is -RRB- . We purchased the Medium -LRB- 8-10 -RRB- and it was a nice fit . The bottom of the costume went to the lower part of her shin . My assumption is that if we got the Small , the outfit would 've been above her knees and it would have been tighter at the top . My `` guess '' is that the picture of the girl for this ad is likely 3-4 years old and is wearing a Small .
 This is sturdy enough for Halloween and beyond . It fits my plump 10-year-old well , and looks adorable . Better get two outfits though , ca n't be a princess all by yourself . She wears it in the backyard teepee -LRB- MagicCabin.com -RRB- , and attacks the bad guys with a set of gear -LRB- also from MagicCabin.com -RRB- .
 Good quality for the money . I bought three different wool sweaters for my husband from Jos Banks and gave all three sweaters five stars
 Nice quality sweater . Was impossible to update shipping address due to third party merchant relationship , though .
 This is a fine-looking sweater made of silky-soft wool . Very nice looking . I am pleased with my purchase .
 This is now my absolute favorite t-shirt ! The material is soft and absorbent if you 're planning to use for workout gear . Fits like a dream !
 bought as a gift for my father and he absolutely loves this tshirt . it came in xxl size and washes and dries very nicely .
 It is a nice shirt . I bought one for my dad , and he loves it .
 Quality shirt and it fits perfect . Have washed it several times and it seems to be wearing very well . like it .
 Affordable and shipper was very fast . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a shirt that displays one of New Yorks finest organizations . Very nice quality and still after many washes looks brand new . I usually order up a size , to make room for shrinking , but these do not shrink at all . Nice fit .
 Good quality for the money . I bought three different wool sweaters for my husband from Jos Banks and gave all three sweaters five stars
 Nice quality sweater . Was impossible to update shipping address due to third party merchant relationship , though .
 This is a fine-looking sweater made of silky-soft wool . Very nice looking . I am pleased with my purchase .
 Good quality for the money . I bought three different wool sweaters for my husband from Jos Banks and gave all three sweaters five stars
 Nice quality sweater . Was impossible to update shipping address due to third party merchant relationship , though .
 This is a fine-looking sweater made of silky-soft wool . Very nice looking . I am pleased with my purchase .
 A very fine pair of trousers.The workmanship is superb as is the drape when worn with suspenders . The brace buttons are ideal for me as I wear suspenders with all my trousers.These days it is rather difficult to find trousers that have suspender buttons but J.Bank trousers give you this option.Very rare in the retail community .
 Good quality for the money . I bought three different wool sweaters for my husband from Jos Banks and gave all three sweaters five stars
 Nice quality sweater . Was impossible to update shipping address due to third party merchant relationship , though .
 This is a fine-looking sweater made of silky-soft wool . Very nice looking . I am pleased with my purchase .
 PaPa was `` tickled '' when his granddaughter gave him this gift ... He wears it proudly .
 I got it as a gift and I 'm loving it . Its cute , sassy and stylish . The only bad thing I 'd have to say is mine is a down feather coat and every once in a while I 'll feel like a pin needle is poking me and it 'll be on of the feather have came through and it caught in my clothing . Other than that Its definately a keeper .
 It 's a nice and stylish jacket , and it keeps me warm . It 's also well made .
 I bought this for my husband in the gray color . It is really soft and washes up beautifully.He enjoys it ! I should buy all the other colors now ...
 I just simply love these polo 's . They are very fine and comfortable to wear . I am thinking of getting some more .
 I bought this shirt for my brother-in law for his birthday . He liked it so much he then ordered 2 for his brother .
 I hesitate to by any kind of clothes online , especially with my height -LRB- tall -RRB- and pickiness with clothes . I was surprised how nice this shirt was . It 's nice and thick , BUT it does run big . I had to shrink it the first time I washed it .
 Just received the Grey color . Ca n't believe the fine quality at this price . Going back to buy the other colors now .
 This Polo came to me on time and is a very good looking shirt . American Cottons sizing of their Polos is correct . I will buy again when available .
 Was able to purchase these shirts for very little money so I did not really expect much . What I received was way beyond what I had expected , these shirts were of very good quality and after having washed them 3 times they still look as good as they did when I first received them !
 I bought it on sale as a gift for my husband 's birthday . He loved it ! Great item . Good design and material ! Perfect for casual or sporty wearing .
 Great product , protects from sun exposure wet or dry.I highly recommend these shorts and shirts .
 Very cute swim shorts and well made with quality materials . Love the colors ! With the `` Excellent '' - rated sun protection of this fabric , these are perfect to keep my kids from getting burned . I will definitely get more !
 Very soft , strong fabric . Great color and the images are well defined . I would recommend this sarong to anyone . Wash separately the first time .
 Beautiful sarong , I ca n't wait to give it to my friend as a gift . Item was delivered very fast -LRB- about four business days -RRB- and it looks amazing !
 Love this sarong , I have several and they are the only skirts I wear that can used so many different ways from a long skirt to mid knee , to dress , to shirt , to beach blanket ... Feels soft on the skin and looks great in both design and color.I have recieved several compliments on it.Fast shipping , I am happy with it in everyway .
 I labored over which color to get ... green or brown . Went with brown and you would n't believe how many people wanted it . Of course I sold it so now I have to get another . Possibly I 'll also get the green .
 Great product , protects from sun exposure wet or dry.I highly recommend these shorts and shirts .
 Very cute swim shorts and well made with quality materials . Love the colors ! With the `` Excellent '' - rated sun protection of this fabric , these are perfect to keep my kids from getting burned . I will definitely get more !
 Very happy with this purchase . Great shirt , great colors , arrived very promptly ! Would definitely order again from this vendor .
 Good quality for the money . I bought three different wool sweaters for my husband from Jos Banks and gave all three sweaters five stars
 Nice quality sweater . Was impossible to update shipping address due to third party merchant relationship , though .
 This is a fine-looking sweater made of silky-soft wool . Very nice looking . I am pleased with my purchase .
 Great value . Warm . I will use for a facemask for predator hunting in snow conditions . They 'll never see me in the snow .
 I loved this , and misplaced it a year ago . Book . Good quality material . I got very good use out of it .
 Warm , comfortable and received product punctually . It covered face well , and breathes , but is a bit tight around the forehead when rolled up .
 So from reading the other reviews , it looks like theres multiple types going around . I guess I got a lucky one because mine is perfect ! The hole for the eyes is about 1 inch height by 7 inches length . The eyehole does n't move around with my goggles on either . It still breathable and people can understand me just fine . The mask extends to the bottom of my neck , just enough to hide the rest of it under the collar of my shirt.One thing to note is that this mask is twice as thick as normal beanies . It feels just like a regular beanie but there 's two layers of it on this one . Makes it more durable and keeps you warm .
 Good quality , Good price , And make your face worm , I like it . Good quality , Good price , And make your face worm , I like it .
 Some people complain that the mask they received was too short , was that was not the case with mine . It was as described and double layered , adding to the warmth and quality . AND ! It was cheap , I highly recommend it . If you get unlucky and they send you one that is short and not like the picture simply email them and I am sure they will send you another .
 I was a little skeptical about buying this because a lot of the reviews said it was way too short . Mine fit perfectly and was not short at all . The material is really good quality and is stitched well . The only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is that it smells weird , but I 'm sure if you wash it it will go away.Pros : Actually fits -LRB- not short -RRB- Well madeGreat ValueCons : Bad Smell
 The ski mask fits me well perfectly - I can even pull it down to my chin so I can breathe and talk for a while when we 're at the ski lift . However , just a warning , this item does contain a sticker that says the product has lead on it , which is known in the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects and other scary stuff . I personally do n't mind it too much because I just use it around 4-5 hours max when I go snowboarding - but people who order it to use it for motorcycles and stuff like that , just be aware .
 I use this mask for the sport of airsoft for a tactical look . And not only does it look awesome , it 's also very comfortable and blocks alot of pain from the shots .
 Good product just what I thought it would be keeps my face warm . Material is nice , just a normal ski mask .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . Very good fit and shape . The package arrived within 7 business days . Thank-you .
 I bought this for my 8 year old and it fits him great , he will definitly be able to keeps this for a long time .
 I was looking at a lot of websites to find this 1 hole face ski mask for my 6 yr old to wear while hunting with his father ... I was wondering how good this product could be because all of the other sites were selling similar ski masks for 4 to 6 times the price of this one ... but I thought I 'd give it a shot and wow , I could n't be happier ! It is perfect ... a little bit big for a 6 year old but it works fine and he has a few years to wear it ... terrific find ! A + I give this product !
 I use it for hiking/camping in extreme cold & it is very comfortable & warm , yet breathable . Going to buy one for each of my boys .
 I got this for my husband that works nights sine times and it 's supper cold . He loved it the second he saw it . He said it was the good kind . If your head is worm your hole body feels it too
 Keeps me warm and the material is n't scratchy and annoying . Not bad for its price . Im satisfied . I 'll kill you all .
 just what we were looking for -- very nice at this price , WOW !! we bought the black too and are pleased with both ...
 I got this mask so I could commit some crimes in my neighborhood , the people didnt know what was coming . I 've commited a few homicides and am now a serial killer . This mask does a great job at protecting your face so your victims wont see you . Hopefully in few years time , i will be up there with Gary Ridgeway and co as one of Americas most notorious serial killers . Happy Killing
 I ordered two of these head covers for my grandsons , who love to play outside but wanted to keep their heads and necks warm without wearing scarves . These are perfect . Even though they are adult sizes , they fit the boys fine , are warm and soft and easy to put on . A side benefit is that the boys can pretend they are bandits/ninjas/Army rangers/Navy seals when wearing them . The front hole is large enough that they can pull the hood under their chin when needed and just be normal boys . I 'm going to order extras to keep at their parents ' house .
 Purchest for a 7 year old that loves to play ningas . On a cold snow day I used it to shovel the drive way . IT fit just fine , and kept me nice and worm .
 I use it t o feed farm animals . Keeps my face and head warm . I would recommend it for others .
 This was a gift to my brother . He is very happy with it , so I 'm happy .
 great product with very fast shipping , arrived within 2 days of it being shipped . Very warm and comfy . Also has very long neck to tuck under your shirt and keep your neck warm .
 This is a very good mask for the price , I used to walk on cold mountains -LRB- not snow -RRB- ; I live in Dominican Republic -LRB- Caribbean island -RRB- , the lower temps we have are about -8 Celsius and this mask keep my face warm .
 This ski mask fit my big head perfect . Some other reviews say its too small but mine was perfect . I might buy more for next winter !
 Use for blowing the snow off the driveway with a snowblower . Very comfortable , washable , easy to adjust to breath through nose or mouth . Long design so you can tuck in easily under your jacket . Great purchase and quality .
 My son had been wanting a ski mask all winter and I finally found one . It was the best purchase and he really loved it .
 I bought this face ski mask for two 9 year olds and they love it . It keeps there face very warm here in Minnesota winter weather .
 I ordered a dozen of these masks in various colors , and I was not disappointed at all . Fast shipping and great quality . They are just as pictured . The eye hole is not too big or small , and they are very warm . You can breath freely even while exercising yet they manage to keep the wind out nicely . They also have plenty long necks on them , so you can tuck them under your shirt to keep the chill out . It was 28F last night with 14 mph winds , and I did n't have to put my hood up at any point while riding my bike . These are much better quality than the previous masks I 've gotten at places like Walmart and Target , I ca n't recommend them enough.Edit
 I bought it for my 5 yr old for while we 're in upstate New York . It 's definitely an adult mask , but works for him too since it 's just one open hole . You can still adjust it to where very little skin is exposed and it 's warm and keeps him dry even while doing headstands in the snow ! Eventually , like all hats , it does get wet and cold , but by then , he 's usually ready to come inside anyway . Definitely worth it 's price .
 One of the most satisfying buys I 've ever made . The material was very comfortable to wear and the delivery was very fast . I ordered it on the thursday before Christmas to give as a gift for my son -LRB- he was making a movie and needed some for it -RRB- and I received it on Monday .
 This is a great gift ! I got it for my brother who loves to ski and it works great .
 great product . just what i wanted and needed . arrived well packaged and FAST.would reccommend , these products and this store , to anyone.thankyou
 I recently brought this ski mask for protection during periods of cold weather . It has served it purpose well in keeping the wind off of my face , head and neck areas . The ski mask was also of better quality than I expected . I definitely would buy from this merchant again .
 I like this ski mask . I would buy another one . It does what it is intended to do , well .
 A good quality , heavy material ski mask . It certainly beats a scarf and hat . Makes snow blowing a much easier task in the winter temps .
 These are very nice . They are thick and soft . The kids love them !!!
 I like this ski mask . It keeps the cold wind off of your face . It also has a long neck on the ski mask to help keep the cold wind blowing down your neck . The only thing I do n't like about it is you are supposed to hand wash it only .
 Good quality . Shipped very timely . Priced reasonably . We are very happy . Gravity Trading is a reliable company .
 This Ski mask is just what I needed . Additionally , the company shipped the mask very quickly . I am delighted with the price and the product . I would definately buy from this company again .
 Wow , this thing is so sweet ! I was just wandering around amazon looking for cool stuff that was cheap , and had almost given up when I found this ! Success !!! * Victory Music * Anyway by way of information1.Extremely Warm2.Long -LRB- So you can tuck it into your shirt , or whatever -RRB- 3 . You look like a Ninja !!! -LRB- The reason I bought it -RRB- 4 . Very inexpensive5.Fast shipping -LRB- took 3 days -RRB- -LCB- Not sure in all cases , but I figure since it 's only one company it should be the same . -- supersonicsixteen
 It was for my son and it keeps him nice and warm ! Great buy !
 Product was what we expected , was delivered in a very timely manner.We were very satisfied , would order again if the need arises .
 I ordered 4 of these for a military themed film we were working on and these masks look good , fit good , are comfortable , and best of all , are durable . All for a very good price . What more could you ask for ?
 This mask is great nad whoever wants to buy it dont hesitate to buy it . The mask keeps you warm and cool looking by the way .
 this is what i exactly wanted , fits perfectly . Was delivered on time . Fits all the way down the neck like its supposed to . I would recommend this product .
 I purchased this ski mask for my son so that he could play outside and not have to worry about his hood falling down all the time . Seeing as how it has been pretty cold , here in PA , recently , this ski mask has worked out very well for him . He says that it is very warm and likes the fact that he does n't have to worry about his face or ears being cold anymore .
 Just what I was looking for . Long enough that it covers the back of your neck and throat area . You can adjust the hole to expose your nose or nose and mouth , whatever is more comfortable .
 Boy Scout winter camping in Oklahoma , this is a must have . My husband loves this ski mask . He said ths should help a lot he can not wait to try it out . Just what he was looking for .
 It 's awesome , but unless you 're skiing you 're problay not going to use it . Very soft and will keep you 're face warm .
 This is simple and good . A great price and it was nice and warm . The hole is the front is nice because you can adjust it to fit over your nose if needed or not .
 Bought this for a 5 year old who &#34; Spy Mask &#34; and spifically pointed this one out . He was very happy . It pulls up over his mouth and nose just like he wanted .
 Perfect for ambulance & EMS crews that need to stand out at a scene . Fits anyone & very comfortable . Exceeded expectations with the great price
 This fits the head very well and is nice and warm . It washes well -LRB- ie keeps its shape -RRB- and is n't too scratchy .
 Great product , protects from sun exposure wet or dry.I highly recommend these shorts and shirts .
 Very cute swim shorts and well made with quality materials . Love the colors ! With the `` Excellent '' - rated sun protection of this fabric , these are perfect to keep my kids from getting burned . I will definitely get more !
 fits my computer and everything I need for commuting . you do need to play with the strap to get it just right for yourself , but once that 's done , it 's a breeze . smart design in terms of compartments . I do wish there was a bit less velcro - it is impossible to open up the bag without making noise . still , I give the bag 5 stars for overall appeal and usability .
 I 've had this bag for a little over four years now and I love it . I lug it around pretty much everywhere . It would have been perfect if there was a pocket on the outside , and the velcro is indeed a bit noisy , but it still deserves 5 stars for the design , how roomy it is etc. .
 I have had this bag for a while now and I use it for just about everything . I am a student , work for a manufacturing plant , and am an amateur photographer . I use the bag for school -LRB- books -RRB- , work -LRB- laptop -RRB- , and my photography gear . It is comfortable for long walks full of gear and looks great . I sprayed it with silicone and have been out in the pouring rain and my stuff stayed dry . The construction quality is high and the interior is well laid out with two main pockets -LRB- one is a zipper pocket -RRB- and a section of smaller pockets . Did I mention it looks cool too ?
 Is a good buy for me . However , it look smaller than i thought it should be ! Well , other than that , is a good buy !
 Arrived ahead of schedule , fits well , and appears to be of good quality , no defects in workmanship , and does n't seem to be made `` cheap '' . Just what I was looking for .
 The hat was exactly what I was looking for . Good quality and functional . No issues on delivery . Came right on time .
 This is an excellent hat . I wear it all the darn time - people even recognize me at parties because of it . The little leather piece is getting a little loose , but it 's nothing a wood bead ca n't replace .
 The hat was as advertized and it is good quality and is true to size . It 's a great hat for any sunny day . Great for the boat the chin strap keeps it from flying off . It 's a good cover for the price . My wife was n't to fond of it she said it 's `` dorky '' but it keeps the sun off on a hot day so dorky works for me .
 My wife really likes the hat , fairly well made , and lots of useful loops on the base . Good chin/neck thong plus the draw cinch . The brim does not obstruct view or slap you in the face in the wind . Cool hat for what she wants it for.Thanks Amazon.and RothcoGene & Dianna S.
 ordered hat 3 days later its in the mailbox.open bag , in there was a very good boonie hat.if you want one this is the one to buy.i have already done the searching , this is it , trust me on this
 This product was exactly what I was looking for . It arrived quickly . I was very pleased with this purchase and the product .
 Just as expected . Keeps sun off and comfortable to wear and appears it will be durable . Inexpensive enough so I 'll likely buy a second one .
 I took alot longer to get the hat that I expected . When it did show up I looked at the label inside and I thought for a minute that this hat was a real military surplus hat . But at the end of the label there it was `` made in china '' . The hat fits fine and I really like it . I just wish that sometimes I could get a product made in the USA . Again the hat is fine , but for made in China , it gets a 4 .
 This a great hat for anyone needing to work out in the sun . Just be sure to get a size larger than you need so that after using the hat for several years -LRB- of sun , sweat , rain , and washing -RRB- , it will still fit . You 'll love this hat !
 This hat is awesome . It is a true xxl -LRB- 2xl -RRB- that fits my ginormous cranium like a glove . A glove for my head.It 's rugged and clearly durable , and I expect it to last me a good many years . For a big-headed mutant living in the northwet , this hat is just about perfect . Thanks!Equivalent to a size 8 hat . Fantastic !
 Purrrrrrrfect fit . None of this one-size-fits-all . They actually offer the exact size to fit your very own head ! It 's been a while since I bought a hat that does it right.The hat I ordered is a good standard woodland camo and fits in with my other clothing in that coloring . It has some water resistance right out of the box , or white plastic mailer , actually , in which it was folded up very compactly and sent to me . Once you unroll it you might want to steam it or something , like wear it in the shower so the curves in the brim straighten out eventually.This will help keep you from getting sunburn , heat stroke , or getting soaked in a rain storm -LRB- along with a poncho or something like that -RRB- . This is a nice quality hat , not a cheapo . Has mil label inside .
 Great hat for roughly $ 13 shipped ! I ordered 7.75 since I have a big head and it was a lil big but thats ok ! I got the vintage woodland camo and it looks awesome , cant wait for summer !
 Love the hat . shipped fast . I like the wide brim . It 's pretty durable but it also breathes so you do n't get too hot wearing it . Not much more to say . . It 's a hat . A good one .
 I 've been looking so long for a navy blue boonie hat and was reluctant to order on-line due to sizing differences in hats . Since this hat was priced so low , I had to give it a try.First , the hat fits great . No problem there at all . Second , this hat is of excellent quality . It 's of good material and seems well stitched . I do n't believe it will quickly come apart at the seams . Thirdly , the vendor was very prompt in getting it to me.Overall , I am most happy -LRB- even though it is made in China -RRB- . As a side note , a boonie hat is great for photography . It does n't need fussing with to get out of the camera 's way .
 The Ultra Force Boonie hat is a great hat it manages to keep the sun , and rain off my face and eyes . The hat is well made my first hat lasted me seven years . The vents actual work good and they managed to keep my head fairy nice and cool . The hat is basicly water repellent . The price is a great deal and value . Only wish they would have keep on makeing this great hat in the USA insteed of makeing them in China . I still highly recomed this product for anyone looking for a better hat and not satisfied with the baseball style caps for running going on summer hikes , and fishing on the lake .
 The product was just as described . The shipping was fast and efficient . Thank you for your business . Will buy from you again .
 Very good product is designed with high warm , I recommend it for use in 100 % satisfied with the product purchased thanks
 I ca n't wait for summer when I do yard work . This is a light hat , but it feels comfortable and you can hold to it during windy conditions with the included lace ties .
 Boonie was almost exactly like the one I wore in-country in '69 as an Army Sniper ! Perfect !
 WOW !! I bought the desert camo boonie hat for $ 12 and some change . Great quality !! nothing cheap about it.I 'd recommend these hats to my friends , and I 'll probably be buying again
 I purchased this item because I like boonie caps . I currently have a black one but needed a tan one for summer to try to keep a little cooler but yet keep the sun off of my head/neck . This cap is of great quality and it does the job !
 Love the camo , lightweight ! I ordered a size too big , but will make it work . Great price !!
 It was exactly what I was looking for . The size was correct and the material was durable .
 This is my first boonie hat ever and Its great . It looks really well made and its waterproof .
 This hat does the job . It keeps the sun and heat off you while enjoying your favorite outdoors activities .
 Bought this hat to work around the house . The quailty and price of this product was great . Fast shipping from Army Universe . Will probably be buying other colors from them .
 Great hat , just like we were issued back then . Bought one for my daughter and I and she loves hers .
 The price on this hat can not be beat . I purchased one in khaki and another in drab olive . These are great for the trout stream or fishing boat , hiking trail or just hanging around camp . The adjustable chin strap makes keeping it on in windy conditions &#34; a breeze . &#34;
 Just like the hat i wore during my two tours in Viet Nam . Well made and weathering nicely . Pretty cool
 Back in my day they were called &#34; Go to H E double hockey sticks Hats &#34; ! A great reissue of a very popular hat worn in Vietnam and other campains . Great for keeping sun and rain out of your face . Well constructed and I hope it will outlast the one I wore in the Nam .
 i am sure my boy will like this ! he is getting this for xmas & has not got it yet .
 this looks like the same i wore in vietnam in the 60 , s. it is very well made and would reccommend
 I was unsure when I ordered how I 'd like the hat . It was awesome . It 's great in the sun , in the water , on the beach and sailing on the ocean . It has a great lasso for keeping the hat on your head when you 're on a boat or tying up the side flaps when you want or need a more &#34; cowboy hat &#34; look . Or let the side brim down for full sun coverage . The material was durable but not so heavy it could n't breather . The vents made the hat comfortable to wear long term . It folded and rolled up nicely and easily . It unrolls and unfolds without too many wrinkles for take-anywhere ease of use . Love it !
 So much easier than going to the army surplus store . Got this hat to replace one that I purchased a few years ago from a local Army surplus store - nice surprise to see that this was also army issue . Delivered within a week and exactly what I was looking for
 I really like this boonie hat . I had one I wore for years while backpacking . It keeps the sun from burning your ears , neck , and face . Another great thing about it is , if you are really hot you can put it in the creek and get it soak and wet . If will keep your head cool for a bit , and doing this wo n't ruin the hat at all . The last one I owned I bought it from an army surplus store . I had no complaints about it , I just lost it . This one seems to be a lot better quality . The price is great , and the quality is even better .
 I ordered two of these for my wife and myself . Because we live in Florida we wanted a lighter color for ours so we chose the desert cammo.The hats arrived on time and were packed well.The hats themselves were well made with no loose threads . The fabric is thick enough to be strong yet it is still light.As with all hats the fabric is stiff and the hats do n't fit perfectly . This was fixed with my usual method of running them through 2 wash and dry cycles then soaking them in hot water and wwearing them dry . -LRB- If you do this make sure to treat them with a light spray of water repellant after . -RRB- They now fit perfectly and the fabric has softened up enough so it does n't scratch.We wear these hats on a daily basis as well as hiking and canoeing . For us they are perfect .
 The sky blue camouflage boonie is really great at the beach or pool . It does a great job blocking the hot Texas sun . Fit is good .
 This is a typical boonie hat , with the typical attributes . What more could anyone want ? Well constructed , nice colour , overall good purchase .
 Love these hats very durable light weight and comfortable . Highly reccomend . I have had three if these boonies . -LRB- great fantastic awesome black strap needed 20 words -RRB-
 I was satisfied with this hat . I wear it at camp in hot sun no matter the temperature and I say somewhat cool . It 's does n't make my head any hotter . So for the price of around $ 8 , it is definitely worth your money .
 rememberances count for everything and this boonie is just the ticket for those memories of all types and intensities and whether for good or evil
 There is a note in the inside of the hat , `` Initial loose fit required for continued comfort . '' I have a smallish head and 7-1/4 '' fit very well . The two hats I bought - tri-color desert and olive drab - are very consistently sized and well made . They are made in China , but most textiles nowadays are.I wear the hats Aussie-style , with the chin strap cinched above the hat to pull the brim up . This way , it is comfortable , provides adequate shade from the sun -LRB- more than a baseball cap -RRB- , and keeps the rain off my neck and out of my collar . I am balding , so I have an extensive hat collection for both summer and winter use . The boonie hat breathes much better than a cotton baseball cap , and is quite a bit more comfortable . Since I received my boonie hats , I have not worn a baseball cap once.Highly recommended !
 I recently purchased this for a hiking trip -LRB- yes , in the August heat ! -RRB- in the mountains of Tennesee 's Cumberland Trail ... anyway , this hat kept the sun off of my face and kept the bugs away -LRB- sprayed it with Repel -RRB- . I bought it a little large and was glad I did so because it would not have otherwise had the air-flow I needed to stay cool .
 I ordered this and the olive drab nylon/poly ripstop from the same company . Shipping was reasonable , and the products arrived in good shape . Sizing seems to be right on , and the fit and finish are good . The cotton seems to be more comfortable than than the nylon/poly ripstop , but I suspect that after 10 wash-cycles they will both be about right . IMHO I believe that these hats are better well broken in .
 A true 73/4 size as advertised . Nice and light rip stop fabric and tri-color desert camo color so you do n't cook that big skull on hot days.Durable hat , keeps my head and ears and eyes out of the sun . Works great as a deer fly swatter too . ; -RRB- Has two nice screened vents on each side and a neck strap.Exactly what a good boonie hat should be . Top rate hat .
 For the price I thought it might be cheap junk , but I was pleasantly surprised to received a sturdy 55 % cotton , 45 % poly jungle hat .
 I like the one I bought for myself , I bought one as a gift , but got the size wrong . Be careful with the sizing when purchasing for other people .
 Other than a little tag that says `` CHINA '' inside the hat , this boonie hat is exactly like the US Army issued ones . The 7.75 size that I ordered fits exactly the same as the Army issued version .
 I was watching Act of Valor and saw the navy seals wearing one and I was like `` That 's a cool hat ! '' So I went online n bought one . It came in and its a great hat . Well made hat lightweight , air holes on top make it breathable , chin strap to make sure its secured on your head , and not to mention the camo . The only problem that i had was that i have a BIG head and i got an xL and its a LITTLE tight just a little though . I can still wear it , but it just doeznt have that snug feeling . You may want to order a size up . But other than that its a great hat for a great price . Definitely worth your $ 11 . I might go buyanother one in a different camo !
 I bought it for bodyboarding in dominican republic . Design is good and quality looks ok for the price . Thank you
 this is just one cool hat to have , whether you 're out in the garden or the woods . durable and lightweight . a joy to wear
 Have n't had a chance to put this hat to the test yet , but will say the material looks more smooth and `` polyester '' than it does `` rip-stop '' . It does n't have that nice tough rip-stop look I was hoping for . I bought it a size larger than my normal hat size and it feels true to size even after washing . The brim is a little unruly , but will see if that changes over time and break-in .
 Excellent boonie hat ! I use this hat to teach middle school PE in southern California and it has performed marvelously . In plus 100 degree weather , clear skies , and UV indexes reaching into the stratosphere , this hat shades my eyes and face and the strap keeps it on my head while counting out pushups and running stairs with middle school kids . I wear this hat for about 9 hours a day and the sun , my sweat , and screaming 13 year olds ca n't break this thing . In addition , the vents , thicker fabric , and nylon webbing wrap , are professional and really show you care about what you 've got on your head .
 Just back from a 12 mile deer scouting hike and this hat was awesome . Kept the sun off my face and neck as planned . Might want to order at least 1 size larger than normal as they do run a bit small . Hard to beat for the price though ...
 perfect hat for hot sun in Texas heat - repels water / sweat very good / sizing correct / recommended
 Found this to be a great hat -LRB- I would get a size larger than you are used to or else simply wet it and gently stretch it , then air dry -RRB- , at a good price , with quick delivery .
 Beautiful hat , nice color . Fit perfectly . Well made and durable construction . Quick service , it got here quite fast. :-RRB- : -RRB-
 I like this hat . You can get better hats , synthetic breathable etc for more money but this works for me .
 Extremely pleased with this purchase . It fits well , looks awesome , and keeps the rain and sun out of your face . This is just a sick awesome hat .
 HELLO MANY SORRY FOR TO LATE WRITED I RECIVED YOURS PRODUCTS IN EXCELENTES CONDICIONS THAKS FOR ALL AND SEE YOO , I BUYED AGAIN SOON
 It 's a hat . It helps block out the sun .
 my husband really loves this beanie , that is hard to find in the store.I bought him two , one grey and one black.They looks great !
 Fit is great and it looks like its very thick durable material . I 'd def compare it to Mil-Spec headgear . The orange is good for hunting and the sun shade will be perfect for summer varmint hunts .
 Fit is true to size . Camo provides excellent breakup while the orange helps keep my noggin from being confused with a rack of antlers .
 It was a good buy if I had paid attention.These suspenders have a hook on the end to place on a belt.I wear suspender to eliminate a belt which I can not wear.You can see the hooks at the end of them , but I have never seen them on suspenders before and did not know they hooked on a belt.The product is a good value if you do also wear a belt .
 I have liked suspenders but was always been disapointed when the clips slipped off at the wrong time . I tried as many diffrent kinds but never found any that that lasted for more then a few mounths . With the Perry Work Suspender the problem solved ! They work ! Heavey clips hook on ones belt and are the best answer so far . Good for plummers and anyone who tends to show a peak-a-boo crack and they are sharp looking too . As a photographer it means one less problem in the field .
 I wear these Perry suspenders every day , and they really do the job.My pants used to slide down all the time , and I got tired of cinching my belt tighter , which did not help.My waist is finally larger than my hips , so my pants were destined to slide down.These suspenders are first-class , in both design and quality.I can loosen my belt and my pants stay right there.I recommend them highly .
 The suspenders work for me because of the unique fasteners that hook under your belt .
 These are the best suspenders ever made . They do n't catch on anything or tear the seats in your car , and they stay put.Highly recommended AAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!! 1
 My husband loves these suspenders ! I have bought my husband other suspenders , the ones that clip on . They eventually come off and do n't do the job . The design of these suspenders , stays on your pants all day . No need to look any further . You have found your answer .
 My husband worked with someone who had the suspenders on and saw how well they worked . He asked him what brand they were and then came home and told me . I researched the internet and found them here at a good price . I ordered only one pair to try them out . We received them in no time at all and he began wearing them . He loves them . For the first time suspenders actually work . I will be buying more of these . I would recommend them to anyone who wears a belt with their pants -LRB- they only work with a belt -RRB- . My husband 's plumber butt is gone.Note
 I like these suspenders . I 'll be buying more . I always wear a belt and these suspenders require you do so . They DO NOT work without a belt . I carry various items requiring a belt -LRB- flashlight holster , belt knife , multitool , gun holster , cell phone , etc -RRB- , so these are perfect . The snap on type are awkward and not dependable . The press to close snaps frequently come loose . The only way to make them secure is to snap them on your belt ! But , then , you can not adjust your belt . I am retired so I usually wear jeans . With snap on ` spenders I have to put the belt on the pants , snap the back straps on two of the belt loops -LRB- because they are thicker and hold the snap better -RRB- , snap the front snaps on two front belt loops , then try to keep from tangling the ` spenders while sliding my pants on . These Perry ` spenders are much easier . Put on your pants & belt . While standing , hook the two front clips under your belt , one on each side . The two back straps are connected , like a `` Y '' . Place it over your head and slip the single , two prong clip under your belt in the back . IT `` S EASY ! Even for me , since a stroke left one arm and hand weak and has difficulty with dexterity . I am 6 ' even and 190 # . There 's plenty of adjustment for the straps . Get a pair & try them out .10 / 17/12 I just ordered another pair . I 've quit wearing my snap on ones .
 I have no butt at all and my pants always fall down . Buy these they are great , you will be happy and so will the ones around you !
 Excellent Suspenders ! Hold up from the belt , I bought them because I carry a duty weapon and they serve their purpose well .
 My husband loves them and so does everyone else that works with him . Jim has had a problem with keeping his pants up and he builds pools and has been doing so for over 30 years . He mentioned one day that he would like to find some suspenders that hook to your belt . I did n't know they made those type , but he said they stay in place and dont rub against your skin . He wears them while working all the time . It 's certainly much more professional than the other option . Thank you thank you !
 I liked the quality of the suspenders .
 Just what I expected . There are times when I want to wear a belt but also want the extra support of suspenders . These are made for those occasions . Works well when wearing an unbuttoned shirt over a tee shirt , put the suspenders over the Tee and the outer shirt over that and no one can tell you are wearing suspenders .
 The suspenders seem to be made well and the clips are sturdy and I am not concerned they would break.My only issue with the suspenders is the adjuster straps are very bulky compared to other suspenders . I normally wear suspenders underneath my shirt and with these you ca n't because of bulk of the adjusters . I have decided to keep these because the return cost of shipping is 1/3 the actual product value . I will be cutting the straps and modifying the suspenders to achieve the look I want.Overall the material and build is excellent , I am just using them a bit different than designed .
 A little challenging to clip on with my numb left hand . Kept my pants up and everybody wants that . Cheers
 These suspenders work . Attached to the belt they 'll never slip off and they solved my problem of having to wear my belt too tightly . I have gotten comments about wearing both suspenders and a belt though.They also take getting used to -- my shoulders know I 'm wearing them -- but I imagine that 's true of any suspenders .
 I needed suspenders to hold up my jeans better than a belt.As I 've gotten older my hips are smaller than my belly . I 've had the heavy duty things from buiding supply companies & you just ca n't rely on them to really hold . I ran across these on Amazon & when I saw that they hooked on the belt , I knew I had to try a pair.They 're pretty good . Although they do have 3 faults , for me anyway , that keep me from giving them 5 stars.The clip in back I have no problem with , but the ones in front are very hard to get started on a thick belt like you usually wear with jeans . The clips might work on a lighter dress belt but these things seem to be targeted toward tradesmen who would be used to wearing a heavier belt . The other problem I have is that I wished they were made from stiffer elastic . They do n't hold up my jeans as well as I 'd like them to . This brings up the final flaw.I 've adjusted them higher & higher trying to get the support I need for my pants & if I 'm active at all , they keep slipping in the adjustment buckles.After I find the right adjustment to keep my pants up right , I 'm going to put rivets through them so they 'll stay.These suspenders work better than anything else I 've ever had but , they 're not percect.THIS IS AN ADD-ON TO MY ORIGINAL REVIEW ... At the time I bought these , I did n't realize they made 2 '' suspenders . I 'm going to get a pair of them & see if that fixes my gripes .
 I was very happy to fine this produce . This was a great price and I got it fast.I would recomend this to anyone .
 First pair of suspenders , everything arrived as advertised . Very clever clip design , would buy again . Although the durability means I likely will never need to .
 Improved my productivity . No more wasted time tucking in my shirt every five minutes as I hitch my pants up . This was one of those purchases that met and exceeded my expectations . I now own two pair and will buy more . I 'm 6 foot , 150 lbs , fit . The ` regular ' size puts the adjustment buckle just under my pectoral muscle . Comfortable . bonus ... helps with ccw .
 I am glad I bought the product . They really help relieve the weight from my belt and support my back .
 My husband is in plant maintenance and has to carry a lot of gear on his belt along with a big tool belt so he needed more support . He hated the sawtooth type suspenders because the grip would eventually give out . He loves the suspenders because of the Y back but mostly because of how they loop onto his belt with wide plastic loops so he gets full support all over so his hips and back do n't hurt like they did when he just wore a belt . He has had several coworkers ask him where he got his suspenders because they have the same problems .
 I have ordered two pairs one black and one red for my husband and he is always asked where he has gotten them , they are easy to wear and look great
 These are the BEST suspenders ever made , just hook on your belt and keeps your pants secure , my husband wants no other , till death does he part , till then wears them everyday . No more need to pull up his pants all day long .
 I recently purchased white suspenders to go under my scrub top . They work great , and no one knows I 'm wearing them . These would not be allowed to be worn on top of the scrubs .
 still usable after 2 years . . Now if i can only find them in my home ... I would get these in more colors but honestly workes best if pants were designed for clips , some are not .
 My husband really likes these suspenders because his pants are n't pulled up above his belt , and the straps are strong elastic . The belt clips are heavy plastic & hold on to his belt very well ; except , when he lowers his pants , they fall off his belt.We do have one MAJOR ANNOYANCE with these suspenders . The backpiece is light tan leather embossed with `` Perry '' in VERY LARGE LETTERS -- plus their patent numbers ! The backpiece sticks out like a sore thumb . It 's very tacky . He 's gotten negative remarks . For this reason , we give the suspenders 3-stars . The underside of the backpiece is a nice , dark piece of leather . Rather than force the wearer to be an unpaid walking billboard , `` Perry '' should reverse the leather backpiece . Put the light tan leather with the brand name & patent numbers on the underside . Let the wearer tell where he got them . Showcase the craftsmanship of the suspenders with the more attractive , rich leather.SOLUTION
 If you are tired of loosing your pants because your tummy pushes them down . The product is great . Easy to use .
 My husband works for an electrician and wears a tool belt all day . It hurt his hips to have his belt cutting in all day . Now that he wears these suspenders the problem is solved . They are very comfortable and he has no problem with them coming loose with the belt loop clip - great product !
 Am so glad not to have to worry with clips that come loose when bending over or at awkward times . Easy to put on and take off . and DOES N'T come loose .
 Originally , I was going to put 4 stars , but 5 equates = love , the pop-up told me as I hovered over that 5th star ... and I love these ` spenders ! The empty star would have been reserved due to the bottom pieces which attach ... to a belt . It defeats the original purpose of suspenders , but that does n't surprise me in a world where traditional value is lost :-RRB- It was well awkward , initially , with a belt , but I eventually grew to accept them.The elastic on the Perry brand is ace . They bounce right back without any `` warping '' of the material . I had/have this problem with a different , thinner sort of suspender - > Mens / Womens One Size Suspenders Adjustable - -LRB- Various Neon Colors -RRB- . Mine are not neon like in the product in the link , but in craftsmanship , it all boils down to the same ending of rip/tear ... I 'd think twice about the linked merchandise if you are a casual-wearer , as I am . My green Perry are worn regularly , and since I had so many colours out of the HDE line , they were a `` sometimes '' deal . Still , they failed me.Back to the product at hand
 Wonderful . I love this Belt perry system . I wish I knew about them before . I do not have to bother with them in airports . Thanks .
 I have ca n't find these Clip-on suspenders in any stores . These suspenders have out long normal snap - on suspenders.They also sent out to me very quickly
 These products are well made and retain their elasticity . The clips stay fastened and do n't slip off which is a problem I 've had with suspenders made by others .
 These suspenders have a nice look to them and are easy to put on/adjust . I like the idea of hooking it to your belt . Highly Recommended !
 My huband has used these for years great protuct abd does ' t wreck your belts . THANKS FOR OFFERING THEM They also last a long time .
 I had never seen this stile of braces . Great idea instead of buttons . Actually means that I have belt and braces .
 I got this item for my son as a x-mas gift and he loved it , good quality for the price .
 This is my second purchase of this wonderful swimsuit , so I can have a dry suit on hand ! The skirt is lovely , has enough length to cover what you may not want to have in full view , and yet is not full or flouncy , and is , therefore slimming . The bra has great support , and is also very kind to the smaller breasted woman . What a joy to find a beautiful suit which fits perfectly , and is more conservative ... I am 61 and while I am slender , I am sure past the age of letting it all hang it like the young women do today ! I feel perfectly comfortable to be seen at a public beach in this beautiful suit , without wanting to hide in a cabana !!!! I ordered one size larger than my dress size , as I was advised to do whenever purchasing a bathing suit , and it fits perfectly !! I hope this was helpful ... happy swimming !
 This Item was exactly what I was looking for . The top goes down far enough , when I lift my arms my belly does not show . It also has a nice skirt which covers the bottom area .
 It 's a beautiful shirt and has held up very well through several washings . My husband loves it !
 Fit is great and it looks like its very thick durable material . I 'd def compare it to Mil-Spec headgear . The orange is good for hunting and the sun shade will be perfect for summer varmint hunts .
 Fit is true to size . Camo provides excellent breakup while the orange helps keep my noggin from being confused with a rack of antlers .
 This is a great bra and more expensive if bought on home shopping network . So I find them on Amazon at great prices .
 I ordered the breezies solid support bra after I had orded three other Breezies bra 's . I like the other styles better for every day use . I found this bra gives great support when I 'm exercising.It gives great support but is built up higher in the front so I can not wear anything even a little bite low cute with it.I love Breezies bra 's and have decided out of all the bra 's I have tried Breezies are the best fit for me and I order a size 46C .
 When I first put this bra on it was the most uncomfortable bra I ever put on . I thought another bra in the bra graveyard . I loved the style & it fit good but those underwires ... they dug into my arm pits everytime I moved . Well I slit the top of the caseing & pulled out the wires . Now it is the most comfortable bra ever . It gives plenty of support without those crazy wire & I 'm a 48DD . I 'm getting more ASAP !
 Need a lift , want that ` youthful ' look back ? These bras are comfortable , and well , ` uplifting ' ! Be sure to wash on delicate in a bra or lingerie bag and hang to dry and this item will last . -LRB- One tip is NOT to use softener products on your bras or bathing suits , as this will break down the elastic and other stretchy fibers ... and NO , they do n't feel ` scratchy ' ! -RRB- Worth the price -LRB- which is n't too bad -RRB- and worth looking nicer = -RRB-
 This is a wonderful bra . The support is great and it really smoothes you under your clothing . Be sure to buy your normal bra size . It is not the fault of the seller if you buy the wrong size.I love the silhouette this bra gives . It is really great to wear with all clothing but the knits and clingy fabrics , you really get a finished look using this bra .
 This shirt was purchased for a friend . He thought it was great ! Many other people who saw it commented on it and asked where I purchased it .
 This is a fun t-shirt I was a bit unsure about the skull however , this t-shirt has lots more going for it .
 I purchased these because I had a pair from my college sports team that were indestructible . I literally disposed of them after seven years due to stains before they ever wore out . Although these are not the exact quality of the institutional pair that I had they are still very durable sweats .
 Bought these for My Mom . She is very COLD-natured and very small . She likes very HEAVY sweats and these meet her expectations . She also prefers the elastic cuffs in the pants . Lots of the cheaper sets are inferior in quality and just do n't hold up . These fit nicely as she is 5 ' 105 so the Small work great ! . Nice to know that there is still high quality sweat wear out there for a reasonable price !
 the fist pair of sweats arrived without the elastic cuffs that the product description states and i was NOT happy.i contacted the vendor via email about the problem and was promptly assured the correct pair would be sent immediately as well as an envelope to return the wrong pair back for restocking . i was impressed with this customer service even tho they sent the wrong item . i understand mistakes happen and they did the best they could to fix it . i give them credit for that . great job . i would order again from this company , great job customer service !
 Love the feel of these . I had to replace a pair I 'd had for a while . Fit well and wear well so far .
 Good quality for the money . I bought three different wool sweaters for my husband from Jos Banks and gave all three sweaters five stars
 Nice quality sweater . Was impossible to update shipping address due to third party merchant relationship , though .
 This is a fine-looking sweater made of silky-soft wool . Very nice looking . I am pleased with my purchase .
 Fit is great and it looks like its very thick durable material . I 'd def compare it to Mil-Spec headgear . The orange is good for hunting and the sun shade will be perfect for summer varmint hunts .
 Fit is true to size . Camo provides excellent breakup while the orange helps keep my noggin from being confused with a rack of antlers .
 A great t-shirt for my man , the color looks great on him & shows that he is a Corvette Man !
 Fit is great and it looks like its very thick durable material . I 'd def compare it to Mil-Spec headgear . The orange is good for hunting and the sun shade will be perfect for summer varmint hunts .
 Fit is true to size . Camo provides excellent breakup while the orange helps keep my noggin from being confused with a rack of antlers .
 Very good wand for the price . I looked at many others and am glad I chose this one . My nephew could n't be happier
 Everything I love seems to be discontinued . This bra is very comfortable , gives you shape and is versatile . It converts to a halter or criss cross in the back . I called Warner 's to see if they had any leftover . Of course not . I treasure the two I have . These are n't my size . Warner 's Cotton Club # 1074 any color in a 36 or 38 B. I may try the only ones I 've found here . 34 C may fit .
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 Wife found them to be quite comfy , far more so than the boycut versions from the same manufacturer .
 This are great and have done well wash after wash . Excellent for those hot workouts . Only issues is panty lines when wearing those fitted workout pants .
 I use this pants on my long runs , repetitions and when I need to take care of any rubbing between my inner thighs ; an I have to say they work beautifully and with no intrusion whatsoever on movement . Case in point I used them to prepare for and run a half marathon this past June and I had no problems . Only regret is that they do n't come in black so that I could wear only them , but being white they are kind of see thru and my wife would kill me .
 My husband loves these compression briefs and so do I ! -LRB- Hint , hint -RRB- They look great on him and as a truck driver , he does not have to worry about these `` bunching up '' and being so uncomfortable and cutting his circulation off . He recommends these highly to the active guy and the inactive guy for full comfort .
 Very nice and supportive . My husband wore these when he was recovering from groin hernia surgery . He loved them .
 I have been buying this style for years . Many brands are either not tight enough or have scratchy tags that drive me crazy . These fit well and are very comfortable .
 The only bad thing about these compression shorts is that it only came in white . Darker colors would be a no brainer . Could have got these at Kohls in darker colors , but with Amazon gc 's and free shipping I could not resist . Overall , good quality compression , but it does require some `` adjustments '' throughout tennis matches , but it does its job .
 I liked my first pair enouph to order another pair . Very comfortable and made well .
 This is not just a good belt for a BDU , but good for anything . Fits my cargo pants great and holds them up with no issue at all .
 This cincher holds up stockings securely with metal garter tabs , and gives a nice all-around squeeze without pinching , unlike some other garter belts I 've tried . Great if you 're worried about keeping your stockings up comfortably under clothing .
 Were just as described in the ad and they looked great . They even came with a nice protective cloth case to hold the glasses in .
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 These have a good , low rise and the fabric is very high tech . If you 're active or just persperate a lot these will keep you dry and comfortable . They get four stars because they 're a wee bit pricey , but just wait for calvin klein 's annual sale and stock up .
 I got this for working out - since I tend to perspire a lot . These are great for sports because of the fabric . 100 % cotton briefs tend to be soaked for me after a work out session giving you that icky clingy feeling - but these do help ventilate - avoiding that yukky feeling . They 're great .
 These are great , the material is very stretchy yet extremely comfortable . I would highly recommend these and they look great .
 Somewhat heavy in construction , it still breathes well , and it 's extremely durable . The only drawback is that it 's front-only on graphics . The quality of the artwork is superlative ; it 's finely detailed and slow to fade.You can count on many trips through the laundry before its design fades or the shirt becomes frayed . Alex Grey , who designs the artwork for these shirts , is a multimedia visionary artist specializing in the field of sacred psychedelic imagery .
 My son is crazy for Star Wars and when he saw this , he knew it was the costume he wanted for Halloween . It came quickly and as described . We are very satisfied .
 This toy is asume ! I 've always wanted one as a littel kid , now my brother has on and it is fun to play with!get this toy if you get any , your customer & friendCK
 At the price , you already know this is a low end bra . It is really a bare bones bra , -LRB- no elastic or padding , underwires , lace , etc. -RRB- . But it is durable , washable in hot water . If you want to go and mud wrestle , you will want to wear this bra . I am giving it 5 stars because it is worth every penny of its low cost .
 My grandson loved his medallion and it finished off his Dracula costume perfectly . He was very happy and so was his mother and I.
 I 'm usually not much on cuffed slacks , but these are different . The sizing is true , except for the length as they run a little long for regular shoes . With cowboy boots though , these look and feel GREAT . Good quality fabric and stitching .
 I ordered two pair of these pants for my husband who is not a shopper . I Love the weight of the pant . not thin like some of them I have seen in stores costing much more . My husband will love them !
 Lovely trousers ; but , on the third order that I made , through Amazon , the price was quoted as 47.70 / pair , which I thought was a pre-Father 's Day sale price ; but Jos. A Bank added an extra charge for the trousers to reflect the price of 59.90 / pair which I had paid previous to what I assumed was a reduction . That seems a bit misleading to me , either on the part of Amazon or Jos. A Bank . Would be nice if one or the other would be completely accurate in their price quotation . Otherwise , I have no complaint about the products ' looks or quality .
 Be careful , if word of this amazing deal gets out , there may be no more for me to buy in the future!I have outfitted my closet with numerous pair.These are superb quality ... amazingly priced ... comfortable ... Okay , I shared ... but make sure there are more for me to buy in a couple months ... please !
 I bought these for my husband to wear for a wedding on the beach and they were perfect ! The fit was true to size and the quality was exceptional . Great product at an amazing price !
 it is a very nice piece f garment , I will definately will keep on buying these kind of specials any time .
 Material is verygood , heavy and it acquires some wrinkles after being used . However ; all in all it is a nice pants to have . The only problems i faced . Two have tigfht waist while one is a bit loose .
 These are very nice linen pants but you should order a size or even two larger than your waist for a comfortable fit . I read another review that suggested they were small , so I ordered a size up and even then they 're still tight in the waist . The inseam was also a little longer than it should have been . It was a great buy for the price ; had I not ordered a size up these would not have fit at all .
 These are great linen pants that look professional and are very light weight . I have ordered 3 more pairs since the original , but the orders keep getting canceled as out of stock . Would love to order more .
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 My girlfriends and I took off to Las Vegas to celebrate the big 3-0 and these glasses made for a great party favor and sparked lots of attention . However , do n't count on them for more than just a fun accessory ... they do n't block the sun too well .
 Had these for the guests at our 80 's party and they took us all back ! Very retro and great neon colors we all loved in the 80 's ! I felt like a cross between Michael J. Fox in Back To The Future and a breaker in Beat Street with these shades on !
 The colors were n't really as advertised , but they will serve the purpose . They are a good throw away pair of glasses after a use or two .
 very small but great for kids birthday parties . Put them in threre grab bags . great for the price . I would reccomend for kids only
 Great price and good quality . They did fit a little snug on my adult head but they can easily be stretched out . The side arms of the glasses are also very flat and look a little different than the typical version of neon party glasses .
 We purchased these to use for photos with our wedding party . The fulfilled their purpose in doing that . They are really small . We had some guys with big heads and they looked a little mr. potato head in them . They are good for the price for a party or gag gift . For sure not something that will last or even really work out in the sun .
 Served its purpose . Ordered so everyone at the party could have a pair for the 80s themed party . They were the perfect addition to our event .
 I got these for my daughter 17 birthday sleep over . Her and her friends loved these they put them on immediately . I was so happy about it because it is way hard to find cheap favor gifts for teens.Pro
 I purchased 48 pairs of these sunglasses for a promotional event I organized at work . I chose a quick delivery and everything got here in one package on time . All of the sunglasses were in the box and everything was in good condition , nothing broken . The promo event went well and the sunglasses were a hit ! I would buy from this vendor again .
 The glasses are just what we ordered and were shipped quickly . Thank you ! They are perfect for our 80 's party ! Party on , dudes !
 This 12 pack of sunglasses is great ! I got three each of the colors shone . They 're a great addition for a costume or party favors . Some friends and I threw an 80 's themed party and got these for ourselves and guests . They were a huge hit ! The only people who could n't wear them were the adults with larger heads.I see several reviewers only got one pair of glasses . Since the listing is specifically for a dozen I 'd say this is a problem with one or more sellers . It does n't really say much about the glasses themselves so before getting turned off to this product I would just make sure you buy from someone with a good rating .
 A friend was throwing an 80 's themed birthday party and these were the perfect contribution . I suppose you could even keep a set of these in your car after the party as an emergency pair of sunglasses . They are just perfect as a toy/gimic , and you ca n't beat the price for a whole box of them .
 I really wanted some different looking sunglasses for marching band season and these really stuck out to me . They are cheap and there are 3 of each color . I tried every single on of them on and they all fit and none were broken . I accidentally poked a lens out of one but it went back in really easy . No they are not top quality but they are perfect for a college student budget .
 Great delivery time - arrived way earlier than it said it would.my husband and i used these for us and our wedding party to walk in with at the reception and they worked great . the frames are a tad small - they did n't stay on the boys too well but they worked great for what we needed them for .
 just something fun we got for a group float the river trip , good sun protection , and you do n't care if you lose them .
 The best rolling duffle bag you can find . It is not too bulky , but looks like you can pack your whole closet into it . It is not too heavy -LRB- < 8 lbs -RRB- , but very tough . If you fly domestic , the bag 's weight is important as you are only allowed 50 lbs .
 I use this on my 22 month old when he swims & when he 's playing outside in the garden with the hose . It fits very well - obviously a little big but will last him all thru the summer & beyond . I highly recommend it - it 's much easier than trying to slather a wet , wiggly toddler with sunscreen all the time !
 Fits her good and protects her from the sun . I like the neck sun guard especially . One thing ... , on breezy days the suit can make her quite chilly if it is wet so make sure you dry the little ones off good .
 This SPF rashguard has been a great item for sun and swim time . My son is very fair and I 'm conscious of avoiding excess sun . Since sunscreen is not advised for babies under 6 months and is very slippery and difficult to apply , this is the perfect solution . With this rashie , one only need apply suncreen to lower legs and feet , pop a wide brimmed hat on their little head , and you 're good to go . -LRB- I do n't put sunscreen on hands since my boy jams them in his mouth so much -RRB- . It has snaps along the bottom for quick diaper changes and a front zipper for easy-on/off . I plan on buying another one when he outgrows this one .
 I bought this for my 5 month old son to go swimming in to protect him from the Arizona sun . It 's very comfortable , easy to put on . I like the leg snaps for easy diaper area access . With this on and his hat he 's totally protected from the sun . I 'm very happy with the design and quality .
 My son outgrew his old one , so this is a repeat purchase in a larger size & diff colour . We love the cut , material , bbright colour and durability of this suit . LOVE IT !
 I use this on my 22 month old when he swims & when he 's playing outside in the garden with the hose . It fits very well - obviously a little big but will last him all thru the summer & beyond . I highly recommend it - it 's much easier than trying to slather a wet , wiggly toddler with sunscreen all the time !
 Fits her good and protects her from the sun . I like the neck sun guard especially . One thing ... , on breezy days the suit can make her quite chilly if it is wet so make sure you dry the little ones off good .
 This SPF rashguard has been a great item for sun and swim time . My son is very fair and I 'm conscious of avoiding excess sun . Since sunscreen is not advised for babies under 6 months and is very slippery and difficult to apply , this is the perfect solution . With this rashie , one only need apply suncreen to lower legs and feet , pop a wide brimmed hat on their little head , and you 're good to go . -LRB- I do n't put sunscreen on hands since my boy jams them in his mouth so much -RRB- . It has snaps along the bottom for quick diaper changes and a front zipper for easy-on/off . I plan on buying another one when he outgrows this one .
 I bought this for my 5 month old son to go swimming in to protect him from the Arizona sun . It 's very comfortable , easy to put on . I like the leg snaps for easy diaper area access . With this on and his hat he 's totally protected from the sun . I 'm very happy with the design and quality .
 My son outgrew his old one , so this is a repeat purchase in a larger size & diff colour . We love the cut , material , bbright colour and durability of this suit . LOVE IT !
 you got yourself a returning customer.the hat was cheap and the quality is good.for a customer halfway round the world its worth buying from amazon
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 Purchased this hat for my husband for Christmas . The quality is good and it truly keeps your head warm .
 Well all I can say is this is a really warm cap and a great deal . thats it .
 The hat is very nice , as describe , and very warm . Rothco was great to do business with - I 'd recommend to anyone . I had a slight issue with a hat at Christmas and it was resolved in time for gifting .
 love this hat , just what I was expecting to get . fit well and is very warm on those cold winter nights .
 If you want to keep your head warm get his cap . The cap is made in the good old USA .
 Very warm , looks awesome . Worth the cash . Seems well made . Slips upward on you head sometimes , but most beanies do that .
 the right cap to wear in outdoors work . good enough for the navy , good enough for me . its great in the woods when hiking
 I purchased this cap to augment my cold weather gear and I am very pleased . One of the things that I lost in my last divorce was my watch cap that I had last time I was on active duty . This is exactly like I remember a watch cap to be and I really do n't understand the negative reviews . But as a former Marine with sea duty , I can definitely say that this is the real deal and the price was right .
 My package was lost in the mail , and once I notified them they gladly sent me another one and I received it within 4-6 days later =] ! Also , great quality , not too tight and not too loose , it 's just right ; -RSB-
 This is a very nice hat for chilly weather , but definitely not for anything well below freezing for an extended period of time . I was a little disappointed by the fact that it is lightweight . But it will be nice on those chilly , but not-so-cold , nights . Very good cap for the price .
 I wore watch caps for 17 years in the Navy . It was nice to have one again . It 's first rate .
 This cap is really warm . It is a little itchy because it 's wool . FYI
 Super Wool Cap for not a lot of money . It 's soft , warm , durable , and keeps my head dry during a light rain . It 's also inexpensive ; I 'm very happy I bought THIS cap !
 Better than the one I was issued in 1969 . Snug fit and warm on an 6 hour outing on a 2 degree day .
 This cap will keep your head warm and keeps the electric bill low . this is my second one . It is the first thing I put on in the morning . I love it . It is not scratchy and washes well .
 Bought two of these to replace some ancient Navy watch caps . This is a warm , non itchy real wool cap . Much warmer and softer than the el cheapo stocking caps from the big box stores , and I think they will last much longer too . Definitely a good buy . I shopped around a little for prices , and this was the best deal I could find . Great caps .
 It 's the newer style wool cap . It 's great for wear when you want to keep your head warm and the wool makes the wearing comfortable and insulating . What more could you ask for ?
 The Watch Cap was all that I expected . It was warmer than the hand knit version that I had been wearing for the past several years . The purchasing experience was outstanding .
 This replaces a watch cap issued by USAF in 1979 . I wanted to stick with wool rather than a synthetic ; wool still insulates when wet . The new cap looks like it 's good quality , although not as heavy as my old one . I wo n't know if it 's as warm as the old one until we get some really cold weather.Update
 I 've been looking for a solid wool cap locally and have n't found any that where to my liking . As a rule , I do n't order clothes online but I figured a hat would be fine and for the asking price , why not?I took a leap and ordered this item and it showed up last night . I absolutely love it ! The cap is solid , heavy , warm , and in my opinion very tasteful.I 've got a problem with materials that are too soft getting caught on the callouses on my hands , making for an unpleasant feeling . The combination of wool and heavy knit eliminate this problem , something I 'm very appreciative of.This item blows my old cap out of the water and I wholly recommend it as a buy.-Paul H.
 I am very pleased with this hat . It is warm and , unlike the cheap hats they have at the big chain store , it does n't have a seam down one side . I was in the Navy 30 years ago so I ca n't remember how close this resembles what I had back then . But I know it 's much better than the cheap stuff I 've seen in the local big chain store .
 I could not find a plain wool knit cap that was thick and warm . I looked on line for navy watch caps and found the perfect cap . The transaction was easy and the cap arrived in great condition and within the shipping time alloted .
 I think this is just what I wanted . It seems a little on the `` light '' side but feel it will work just fine .
 Although we received a shirt with the color and style in the specific date was not received in the size ordered which was - Claiborne Modern Fit Long Sleeve Shirt , 17 - 32/33 - XLarge . We received size 16-1/2 34/35 - Large that for the person is wearing it is narrow and short of sleeves and length.For future orders if the sizes are not available , please previously contact us for canceling the order or change the reference .
 My grandmother bought this for herself and it was sent to my address for me to give to her . I tried it on and it is wonderful ! It is more wonderful than I was anticipating . It is so warm and soft on the inside ! The color is true to the picture on the computer and the print on the front is very nice . The size is also true to the sizing . The only thing I would change is the price . I would n't pay 32.00 dollars for it , but my grandmother was willing . She liked it that much on the computer and I know she will love it in person . She does n't have a computer , so every time she comes over she makes sure she orders from Amazon . We LOVE Amazon !! Plus the shipping was super FAST ! It came in 3 days ! NO COMPLAINTS HERE !!
 so I love this sweatshirt . It fits perfectly and feels cozy . thank you . I 've washed it and it has n't shrunk .
 A very fine pair of trousers.The workmanship is superb as is the drape when worn with suspenders . The brace buttons are ideal for me as I wear suspenders with all my trousers.These days it is rather difficult to find trousers that have suspender buttons but J.Bank trousers give you this option.Very rare in the retail community .
 The hands are superb ! It really made my Yoda costume look great.I also live in Australia and received the hands in well packaged & within a week of ordering them.Many Thanks!Bill
 a close friend used this outfit and gave it a rave review , as did all the adults at the event .
 I found them very realistic I cant wait ti see how they will go with the rest of my costume for holloween ! Good product !
 This is a nice suit ! I am impressed with the fit and comfort . the kids in the area loved it too !!! My only complaint is that the boot covers are chincy and tear at the seams easily . So , I would recommend that if you are going to do the serious Santa thing to buy actual boots to go with the suit !!
 This is my second purchase of this wonderful swimsuit , so I can have a dry suit on hand ! The skirt is lovely , has enough length to cover what you may not want to have in full view , and yet is not full or flouncy , and is , therefore slimming . The bra has great support , and is also very kind to the smaller breasted woman . What a joy to find a beautiful suit which fits perfectly , and is more conservative ... I am 61 and while I am slender , I am sure past the age of letting it all hang it like the young women do today ! I feel perfectly comfortable to be seen at a public beach in this beautiful suit , without wanting to hide in a cabana !!!! I ordered one size larger than my dress size , as I was advised to do whenever purchasing a bathing suit , and it fits perfectly !! I hope this was helpful ... happy swimming !
 This Item was exactly what I was looking for . The top goes down far enough , when I lift my arms my belly does not show . It also has a nice skirt which covers the bottom area .
 Always looks good , even after wearing all day ! Will buy this item again . Would recommend these pants to others anytime !
 These are nice . They feel a little weird to the touch , probably due to the coating , but they do a good job of holding up , and are quite comfortable . Stains wash out of them easily . Nice pants , would buy again .
 I was pleased in the product . It arrived quickly and I have enjoyed the pants . Being a large man , I really appreciate a product that is tough and comfortable . Thank you .
 I got my first pair of these a few months back . They do run a big big -LRB- hence the 4 stars rather than 5 -RRB- . But not so much so that they 're awkwardly sized . I 'd give 4.5 stars if I could.So far , these have held up really well . I have put more than one pair through a bit more than just casual wearing unintentionally . I have spilled things on them and sat on the ground outside -LRB- for lack of better options -RRB- . They have been subjected to their share of things that would normally leave a permanent mark on them and so far , it has all come out . I have only had the oldest pair for about 5 months so I ca n't speak on the longevity just yet but if they start to wear out at some point , I will try to remember to update this review .
 I typically wear Savane , Haggar and Izod pants . My size is difficult to find so I took a chance on these and they fit fairly well .
 These are comfortable to wear . They look nice as well . The measurements are accurate and they are a good fit for big and tall men .
 Just as nice as dockers less expensive people i know have ordered them sence seeing them . They are very easy too clean and do n't take on stains spills are no problem
 I purchased this bra based on the size I wear in another brand . Unfortunately the bra was to big in the cup . I returned it for the next size smaller . The cup fit is still not perfect . It tends to be a little bunched at the top . The overall construction is very good . I think most people would probably find the fit right , I tend to have trouble finding bras that fit properly .
 Excellent fitting bra for those of us in Ds . I have purchased Fantasie bras for more in stores and was pleased to find it available here . However , for unknown reasons all of it , except the cups and the front of the straps , turned a very pale shade of yellow the first time it was washed . No bleach and regular detergent was used - go figure .
 Very fast delivery on this product . It is very comfortable and of great quality . I am very happy with this purchase . I had been given a Fantasie bra a few years ago from my daughter and it has lasted wonderfully . My daughter gave it to me because she had need for a larger size so it has lasted for 6 years and still has lots of wear in it . So I was happy to purchase the new one and will stick to this brand from now on .
 Great bra , nice fit in cup - I usually wear a 36G , but this was a little sung in the band - I would order up a size next time for this brand .
 I am a 32G and finding a bra that kept me up was so difficult , i got myself professionally fitted at nordstroms where i tried this on and was so amazed that a bra like this actually existed ! I now own 4 of them in diff colors and am so happy ... i now look great in fitted tees!Note
 I wish they had more colors !!!!!! . I am a 36DD and this bra actually makes me look smaller with better posture . I have been wearing Victoria secret bras for many years , but never get the support I need . The full size is very comfortable and the material is thin , which is what I wanted . I dont want to look larger .
 i received the bra for my wife in 3 days but the bra just did n ot work for her I called for a return.I will order from them again
 I wanted a black bra that would still provide lift but made it possible to wear button downs . This bra fits the bill . I will say that it does not look as good with looser -LRB- re
 I have purchased this bra before from a Bra specialty store -LRB- brick & mortar storefront -RRB- . It was a much better deal on line . I think I paid $ 50 - $ 55 at the specialty store . On Amazon it was only $ 35 , a great deal . I love the fit & it wont wear out . I will buy this item again .
 This is actually the second bra of this style that I 've bought . I 've found some bras pinch under the bust , but this is one of the few that does n't . It 's very comfortable for all day wear and the straps rarely slip.EDIT
 I am a large busted woman with a narrow frame . I have always been stuck in a 36 band size just because the normal bras at department stores started in a 36 when moving into the triple D and beyond size . It was a trip to England and a bra fitting that I discovered I was wearing the wrong band and cup size . I found Fantasie and I have been a fan ever since . There is no spillage out of the cups and the band stays put .
 For a larger chested woman this bra rocks . It is HARD to find my size , I run a 34G or 36F . Finding a decent bra in that size that does n't look like a granny bra is a challenge and I am happy with this one . Two clasps instead of three or four , but still great support and very comfy . Thinner straps , but they do n't dig in . Smooth , no seems show . Fantasie is my new favorite bra maker !
 I LOVE this bra . Offers great support . It is not the first I have gotten like it , and the ones I previously purchased have lasted WELL over a year -LRB- take note that I do not put my bras in the dryer -RRB- . I would recommend this bra to anyone looking for good support and comfort in a bra .
 This bra is great ! It is extrememly comfortable and looks great under clothes , even tight shirts . I have had several of these bras for over a year and they are holding up well . I recommend only washing in cold water on ultra delicate cycle . I use The Laundress Lady Delicate Wash - 16 fl . oz . .
 I 've been wearing this bra for years and will continue to wear it . I only wish it was available in more colors !
 The thing I LOVE about this bra and the Fantasie of England brand is the fabulous fit for full figures . Fantasie of England probably carries the best fitting bras I have ever tried -LRB- I am full figured but have a small band size -RRB- . This bra is no exception , it fits great like a glove and adheres to the body in all the right places , with no part of the bra out of place . The downer for this particular bra in my opinion is the shaping -- it is indeed a T-shirt bra with a smooth shape , but it tends to flatten and distribute tissue to the sides instead of projecting out . So in my case at least , it makes me look wider , which I am not crazy about ... but I appreciate the excellent fit which is typical of this fine brand ! If you like the casual look of the T shirt bra then you 'll love this bra ; if you want more sophisticted shaping it is n't for you . I give it 5 stars just for the fit , though .
 I wear a large cup size with a small band size , which can make good fitting , supportive bras very difficult to find , but this bra does it all . It gives me smooth attractive shape and great support . If you are a large cup size and need good support , this is the bra for you . When ordering you should know that some sizes are slightly off . I am a 38GG , but waer a 38G in this bra .
 I bought this bra based upon the reviews of the Undie Awards -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I 've seen the name mentioned in many magazines and finally justified the cost.Buying a bra online was a hurdle but I sized down on the band due to weight loss and stuck with the same cup size I last purchased -LRB- DDD/E -RRB- . I put it on immediately upon receiving it and immediately felt like a new person . My back straightened up and I took a wonderful deep breadth . I did n't even realize how much back discomfort I had until this bra lifted the weight of my breasts off of it.I felt this amazing AFTER three hours of yoga today . I take yoga , partially , to help with my back discomfort . This bra is tons cheaper.I 'm actually thinking of sleeping in it tonight.The only down-side is that once your massive cleavage is lifted there 's no denying the stomach pooch it once hid . So maybe I will keep going to yoga .
 This bra is great for every day , for sports , for clingy clothes . Looks great ; is very comfortable . I have a terrible time finding a good bra that fits & is comfortable . Full coverage cup . The only thing it 's not good for is a plunging neckline .
 I usually buy Body by Victoria -LRB- Victoria Secret -RRB- bras , but because I have DD 's , the straps tend to loosen throughout the day causing sagging . But they are lined , which I like.When I first go this bra in the mail , I was slightly disapointed that it was not lined -LRB- it sort of looked lined in the photo -RRB- , but I tried it on anyways ... and LOVED it ! The straps stay right where you put them so you do n't sag later in the day and they really hold up larger breasts ! It is very comfortable , but supportive at the same time ! I will continue to buy this bra , but I bet I wo n't need to purchase them as often as I was when I was wearing VS bras ... I think they are more meant for looks and for smaller breasted woman -LRB- VS -RRB- . I highly recommend this product !!
 I 'm well endowed and have never had much luck with Victoria Secret bras . They never fit correctly and the teens they have working there do n't really know how to fit women correctly . This bra is awesome ! I do recommend you go to a good specialty bra shop to get measured/fitted before purchasing online however .
 I have shopped at many bra shops in the US and Europe . If you are a 38G and short-waisted this bra is the one for you . I have paid over a hundred dollars in Houston for this bra , so to find it between forty and fifty dollars on Amazon is great . The bras are from England and the quality is excellent . The material the bra is made from never breaks down , it is the wire poking thru that signals that the bra is dead . When this happens I get out my sewing machine , fix the area and use it for another year or so . Even at one hundred dollars Fantasie bras are worth the price !
 I love this brand of bras . The product was exactly what i expected.Of course when you are this size , i suggest you get professionally fitted first .
 I 'm revising this now that I 've washed it and worn it a couple of times . Still 4 stars , but closer to 5 now . I 'm still trying to determine my exact size , which has changed a lot -LRB- much bigger ; i.e. , I 've put on a lot of weight -RRB- since the last time I bought bras.Herroom.com says I should be a 38 band with a 6D universal cup size . I have n't yet found any bras that I can close the hooks on a 38 band , so I 've been looking at 40 inch bands . At Nordstrom , they sized me at 40DD for most brands , and 40E -LRB- a 3D universal cup size -RRB- for Elomi Caitlyn . Most of the 40DDs I 've tried do n't fit at all -LRB- too small -RRB- . This bra is a 40DD , and is the best fitting of the bras I 've tried so far , with the possible exception of the Elomi Caitlyn 40E . The cups fit smoothly , and the wires lay flat when I first got it . After washing , the center panel does n't lay perfectly flat on my breastbone ; I may need one cup size larger . The band was a little snug at first , but after washing , it 's very comfortable . At first , the band was curling up , but it 's not doing that any more . There is no band under the cups , but it 's feeling OK anyway.I really like that the cups are seamless and smooth and unpadded . After the first washing , there is no itching or discomfort of the band at all . The cut is a little high on the sides , but that 's what enables the bra to push the tissues more to the front , so I ca n't really complain too much . As I say , I think there is still some fine tuning to do regarding fit . I really should try the size that Herroom.com recommends.Much to my surprise , two hooks -LRB- instead of three -RRB- is working just fine . The position of the shoulder straps is perfect , I can get the band and shoulder straps nicely settled between and below my shoulder blades so that everything fits comfortably .
 My order arrived right on time and was in great condition . I really like this bra with T-shirts . I have one in each of the colors .
 great bra , runs big in the cups ... I am small in the back , but , this , the cups not for me anywayHad to return mine , even though I did try it on in a hurry , purchased the bra , and had to return both ... I am a 36 DD , very nice , cups run big . I am a 36 DD in all bras , this one , not to good ... Fav bras , Bali new `` comfort bra '' awesome , Bali `` t back bra '' , Gap , '' full coverage lace '' , and my very fav . `` Champion everday bra '' , wonderful , perfect fitting in each styleSo beware ...
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 OK , I 'll confess
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 I was amazed at the extra room this cup had - yes I measured properly - as it is hard for hefty busted tiny waisted ladies to find bras that fit and are pretty . The lace is strong . The triange in the middle is great for us omega-boobed gals . It really does n't say that it is a 3-part bra , but it is and the boning holds everything in under the arms .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 I was struggling with my new late 40s body type and finally found this bra when I had a bra fitting . It is fabulous ! I even play tennis in it and I am a 34 D. Very tough , yet pretty , and supreme support . Ca n't recommend it enough . I used to wear Walcoal in a similar pattern and styling but they do n't make my model anymore and this is even better . It will last longer if you wash it in a lingerie bag , but do n't be afraid to use the washing machine - I run mine through a couple times a week and they are going strong
 I had a bra a few weeks ago and this was one of two that I initially purchased ; I have purchased several more in this design . It feels great and does wonders for my posture/confidence . I only wish it came in more colors .
 I had a bra fitting about a year ago . The Chantelle bra 's were the best fit for me . I 'm 50 , so Chatelle bras seem to keep things were they should be , look pretty , and really with the right bra make you look 10lb lighter .
 I had to return the original item for a bigger size and it was returned promptly and fits perfectly . I love this product !!
 This bra supports and uplifts those of us who are fuller-busted -LRB- 34D -RRB- unlike any other that I 've every tried . I was so blown away the first time I tried and purchased it at Lord & Taylor that I asked the L&T associate to never discontinue the bra . Of course they do n't carry it any more , but thank goodness Amazon does . The support adds inches to my torso so all fitted/semi-fitted blouses and knits look and fit much , much better . And you can wear this seamless bra under sheer tops without concern . A great , great bra that 's expensive , but worth the investment . Have it in several colors .
 This beautiful bra is available in sizes 32B-42DD . You can also get F and G cups in some of the smaller band sizes . Chantelle , being a French company has long upheld a high standard for all of their products.Chantelle products are high end , high caliber and high quality lingerie The Hedona has gently molded cups that contour a woman 's individual shape and enhance her sense of feminity . It gives excellent support and will , with proper care last a lifetime .
 This is a wonderful bra for the well-endowed . Have been using this model of Chantelle 's forever . As it 's seamless , i would highly recommend to any woman who wants to wear close-fitting tops . Actually , i wear it every day no matter what 's underneath . Some bras for my size feel like trusses -- this is anything but .
 I love Chantelle bras and my favorite has those kind of puffy cups . I thought this one did , too . It 's a little briefer than I would like , but for the price , I will get my wear out of it .
 I am a huge fan of Chantelle bras -- and I love this one , but the wires keep punching up through the top stitching . I have had to sew them on several times . I will admit I machine wash them sometimes when I forget -- that is probably what is causing it -- but still ! Best fitting bra ever though . Actually fits me perfect -- it gives me lift without riding up my back . Very flattering . Just needs extra stitching !
 My order arrived right on time and was in great condition . I really like this bra with T-shirts . I have one in each of the colors .
 great bra , runs big in the cups ... I am small in the back , but , this , the cups not for me anywayHad to return mine , even though I did try it on in a hurry , purchased the bra , and had to return both ... I am a 36 DD , very nice , cups run big . I am a 36 DD in all bras , this one , not to good ... Fav bras , Bali new `` comfort bra '' awesome , Bali `` t back bra '' , Gap , '' full coverage lace '' , and my very fav . `` Champion everday bra '' , wonderful , perfect fitting in each styleSo beware ...
 The thing I LOVE about this bra and the Fantasie of England brand is the fabulous fit for full figures . Fantasie of England probably carries the best fitting bras I have ever tried -LRB- I am full figured but have a small band size -RRB- . This bra is no exception , it fits great like a glove and adheres to the body in all the right places , with no part of the bra out of place . The downer for this particular bra in my opinion is the shaping -- it is indeed a T-shirt bra with a smooth shape , but it tends to flatten and distribute tissue to the sides instead of projecting out . So in my case at least , it makes me look wider , which I am not crazy about ... but I appreciate the excellent fit which is typical of this fine brand ! If you like the casual look of the T shirt bra then you 'll love this bra ; if you want more sophisticted shaping it is n't for you . I give it 5 stars just for the fit , though .
 I wear a large cup size with a small band size , which can make good fitting , supportive bras very difficult to find , but this bra does it all . It gives me smooth attractive shape and great support . If you are a large cup size and need good support , this is the bra for you . When ordering you should know that some sizes are slightly off . I am a 38GG , but waer a 38G in this bra .
 This bra is great for every day , for sports , for clingy clothes . Looks great ; is very comfortable . I have a terrible time finding a good bra that fits & is comfortable . Full coverage cup . The only thing it 's not good for is a plunging neckline .
 I bought this bra based upon the reviews of the Undie Awards -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I 've seen the name mentioned in many magazines and finally justified the cost.Buying a bra online was a hurdle but I sized down on the band due to weight loss and stuck with the same cup size I last purchased -LRB- DDD/E -RRB- . I put it on immediately upon receiving it and immediately felt like a new person . My back straightened up and I took a wonderful deep breadth . I did n't even realize how much back discomfort I had until this bra lifted the weight of my breasts off of it.I felt this amazing AFTER three hours of yoga today . I take yoga , partially , to help with my back discomfort . This bra is tons cheaper.I 'm actually thinking of sleeping in it tonight.The only down-side is that once your massive cleavage is lifted there 's no denying the stomach pooch it once hid . So maybe I will keep going to yoga .
 I usually buy Body by Victoria -LRB- Victoria Secret -RRB- bras , but because I have DD 's , the straps tend to loosen throughout the day causing sagging . But they are lined , which I like.When I first go this bra in the mail , I was slightly disapointed that it was not lined -LRB- it sort of looked lined in the photo -RRB- , but I tried it on anyways ... and LOVED it ! The straps stay right where you put them so you do n't sag later in the day and they really hold up larger breasts ! It is very comfortable , but supportive at the same time ! I will continue to buy this bra , but I bet I wo n't need to purchase them as often as I was when I was wearing VS bras ... I think they are more meant for looks and for smaller breasted woman -LRB- VS -RRB- . I highly recommend this product !!
 I 'm well endowed and have never had much luck with Victoria Secret bras . They never fit correctly and the teens they have working there do n't really know how to fit women correctly . This bra is awesome ! I do recommend you go to a good specialty bra shop to get measured/fitted before purchasing online however .
 I have shopped at many bra shops in the US and Europe . If you are a 38G and short-waisted this bra is the one for you . I have paid over a hundred dollars in Houston for this bra , so to find it between forty and fifty dollars on Amazon is great . The bras are from England and the quality is excellent . The material the bra is made from never breaks down , it is the wire poking thru that signals that the bra is dead . When this happens I get out my sewing machine , fix the area and use it for another year or so . Even at one hundred dollars Fantasie bras are worth the price !
 I love this brand of bras . The product was exactly what i expected.Of course when you are this size , i suggest you get professionally fitted first .
 I 'm revising this now that I 've washed it and worn it a couple of times . Still 4 stars , but closer to 5 now . I 'm still trying to determine my exact size , which has changed a lot -LRB- much bigger ; i.e. , I 've put on a lot of weight -RRB- since the last time I bought bras.Herroom.com says I should be a 38 band with a 6D universal cup size . I have n't yet found any bras that I can close the hooks on a 38 band , so I 've been looking at 40 inch bands . At Nordstrom , they sized me at 40DD for most brands , and 40E -LRB- a 3D universal cup size -RRB- for Elomi Caitlyn . Most of the 40DDs I 've tried do n't fit at all -LRB- too small -RRB- . This bra is a 40DD , and is the best fitting of the bras I 've tried so far , with the possible exception of the Elomi Caitlyn 40E . The cups fit smoothly , and the wires lay flat when I first got it . After washing , the center panel does n't lay perfectly flat on my breastbone ; I may need one cup size larger . The band was a little snug at first , but after washing , it 's very comfortable . At first , the band was curling up , but it 's not doing that any more . There is no band under the cups , but it 's feeling OK anyway.I really like that the cups are seamless and smooth and unpadded . After the first washing , there is no itching or discomfort of the band at all . The cut is a little high on the sides , but that 's what enables the bra to push the tissues more to the front , so I ca n't really complain too much . As I say , I think there is still some fine tuning to do regarding fit . I really should try the size that Herroom.com recommends.Much to my surprise , two hooks -LRB- instead of three -RRB- is working just fine . The position of the shoulder straps is perfect , I can get the band and shoulder straps nicely settled between and below my shoulder blades so that everything fits comfortably .
 I have purchased this bra before from a Bra specialty store -LRB- brick & mortar storefront -RRB- . It was a much better deal on line . I think I paid $ 50 - $ 55 at the specialty store . On Amazon it was only $ 35 , a great deal . I love the fit & it wont wear out . I will buy this item again .
 This is actually the second bra of this style that I 've bought . I 've found some bras pinch under the bust , but this is one of the few that does n't . It 's very comfortable for all day wear and the straps rarely slip.EDIT
 I am a large busted woman with a narrow frame . I have always been stuck in a 36 band size just because the normal bras at department stores started in a 36 when moving into the triple D and beyond size . It was a trip to England and a bra fitting that I discovered I was wearing the wrong band and cup size . I found Fantasie and I have been a fan ever since . There is no spillage out of the cups and the band stays put .
 For a larger chested woman this bra rocks . It is HARD to find my size , I run a 34G or 36F . Finding a decent bra in that size that does n't look like a granny bra is a challenge and I am happy with this one . Two clasps instead of three or four , but still great support and very comfy . Thinner straps , but they do n't dig in . Smooth , no seems show . Fantasie is my new favorite bra maker !
 I LOVE this bra . Offers great support . It is not the first I have gotten like it , and the ones I previously purchased have lasted WELL over a year -LRB- take note that I do not put my bras in the dryer -RRB- . I would recommend this bra to anyone looking for good support and comfort in a bra .
 This bra is great ! It is extrememly comfortable and looks great under clothes , even tight shirts . I have had several of these bras for over a year and they are holding up well . I recommend only washing in cold water on ultra delicate cycle . I use The Laundress Lady Delicate Wash - 16 fl . oz . .
 I 've been wearing this bra for years and will continue to wear it . I only wish it was available in more colors !
 I purchased this bra based on the size I wear in another brand . Unfortunately the bra was to big in the cup . I returned it for the next size smaller . The cup fit is still not perfect . It tends to be a little bunched at the top . The overall construction is very good . I think most people would probably find the fit right , I tend to have trouble finding bras that fit properly .
 Excellent fitting bra for those of us in Ds . I have purchased Fantasie bras for more in stores and was pleased to find it available here . However , for unknown reasons all of it , except the cups and the front of the straps , turned a very pale shade of yellow the first time it was washed . No bleach and regular detergent was used - go figure .
 Very fast delivery on this product . It is very comfortable and of great quality . I am very happy with this purchase . I had been given a Fantasie bra a few years ago from my daughter and it has lasted wonderfully . My daughter gave it to me because she had need for a larger size so it has lasted for 6 years and still has lots of wear in it . So I was happy to purchase the new one and will stick to this brand from now on .
 Great bra , nice fit in cup - I usually wear a 36G , but this was a little sung in the band - I would order up a size next time for this brand .
 I am a 32G and finding a bra that kept me up was so difficult , i got myself professionally fitted at nordstroms where i tried this on and was so amazed that a bra like this actually existed ! I now own 4 of them in diff colors and am so happy ... i now look great in fitted tees!Note
 I wish they had more colors !!!!!! . I am a 36DD and this bra actually makes me look smaller with better posture . I have been wearing Victoria secret bras for many years , but never get the support I need . The full size is very comfortable and the material is thin , which is what I wanted . I dont want to look larger .
 i received the bra for my wife in 3 days but the bra just did n ot work for her I called for a return.I will order from them again
 I wanted a black bra that would still provide lift but made it possible to wear button downs . This bra fits the bill . I will say that it does not look as good with looser -LRB- re
 I purchased this bra based on the size I wear in another brand . Unfortunately the bra was to big in the cup . I returned it for the next size smaller . The cup fit is still not perfect . It tends to be a little bunched at the top . The overall construction is very good . I think most people would probably find the fit right , I tend to have trouble finding bras that fit properly .
 Excellent fitting bra for those of us in Ds . I have purchased Fantasie bras for more in stores and was pleased to find it available here . However , for unknown reasons all of it , except the cups and the front of the straps , turned a very pale shade of yellow the first time it was washed . No bleach and regular detergent was used - go figure .
 Very fast delivery on this product . It is very comfortable and of great quality . I am very happy with this purchase . I had been given a Fantasie bra a few years ago from my daughter and it has lasted wonderfully . My daughter gave it to me because she had need for a larger size so it has lasted for 6 years and still has lots of wear in it . So I was happy to purchase the new one and will stick to this brand from now on .
 Great bra , nice fit in cup - I usually wear a 36G , but this was a little sung in the band - I would order up a size next time for this brand .
 I am a 32G and finding a bra that kept me up was so difficult , i got myself professionally fitted at nordstroms where i tried this on and was so amazed that a bra like this actually existed ! I now own 4 of them in diff colors and am so happy ... i now look great in fitted tees!Note
 I wish they had more colors !!!!!! . I am a 36DD and this bra actually makes me look smaller with better posture . I have been wearing Victoria secret bras for many years , but never get the support I need . The full size is very comfortable and the material is thin , which is what I wanted . I dont want to look larger .
 i received the bra for my wife in 3 days but the bra just did n ot work for her I called for a return.I will order from them again
 I wanted a black bra that would still provide lift but made it possible to wear button downs . This bra fits the bill . I will say that it does not look as good with looser -LRB- re
 I have purchased this bra before from a Bra specialty store -LRB- brick & mortar storefront -RRB- . It was a much better deal on line . I think I paid $ 50 - $ 55 at the specialty store . On Amazon it was only $ 35 , a great deal . I love the fit & it wont wear out . I will buy this item again .
 This is actually the second bra of this style that I 've bought . I 've found some bras pinch under the bust , but this is one of the few that does n't . It 's very comfortable for all day wear and the straps rarely slip.EDIT
 I am a large busted woman with a narrow frame . I have always been stuck in a 36 band size just because the normal bras at department stores started in a 36 when moving into the triple D and beyond size . It was a trip to England and a bra fitting that I discovered I was wearing the wrong band and cup size . I found Fantasie and I have been a fan ever since . There is no spillage out of the cups and the band stays put .
 For a larger chested woman this bra rocks . It is HARD to find my size , I run a 34G or 36F . Finding a decent bra in that size that does n't look like a granny bra is a challenge and I am happy with this one . Two clasps instead of three or four , but still great support and very comfy . Thinner straps , but they do n't dig in . Smooth , no seems show . Fantasie is my new favorite bra maker !
 I LOVE this bra . Offers great support . It is not the first I have gotten like it , and the ones I previously purchased have lasted WELL over a year -LRB- take note that I do not put my bras in the dryer -RRB- . I would recommend this bra to anyone looking for good support and comfort in a bra .
 This bra is great ! It is extrememly comfortable and looks great under clothes , even tight shirts . I have had several of these bras for over a year and they are holding up well . I recommend only washing in cold water on ultra delicate cycle . I use The Laundress Lady Delicate Wash - 16 fl . oz . .
 I 've been wearing this bra for years and will continue to wear it . I only wish it was available in more colors !
 The thing I LOVE about this bra and the Fantasie of England brand is the fabulous fit for full figures . Fantasie of England probably carries the best fitting bras I have ever tried -LRB- I am full figured but have a small band size -RRB- . This bra is no exception , it fits great like a glove and adheres to the body in all the right places , with no part of the bra out of place . The downer for this particular bra in my opinion is the shaping -- it is indeed a T-shirt bra with a smooth shape , but it tends to flatten and distribute tissue to the sides instead of projecting out . So in my case at least , it makes me look wider , which I am not crazy about ... but I appreciate the excellent fit which is typical of this fine brand ! If you like the casual look of the T shirt bra then you 'll love this bra ; if you want more sophisticted shaping it is n't for you . I give it 5 stars just for the fit , though .
 I wear a large cup size with a small band size , which can make good fitting , supportive bras very difficult to find , but this bra does it all . It gives me smooth attractive shape and great support . If you are a large cup size and need good support , this is the bra for you . When ordering you should know that some sizes are slightly off . I am a 38GG , but waer a 38G in this bra .
 This bra is great for every day , for sports , for clingy clothes . Looks great ; is very comfortable . I have a terrible time finding a good bra that fits & is comfortable . Full coverage cup . The only thing it 's not good for is a plunging neckline .
 I bought this bra based upon the reviews of the Undie Awards -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I 've seen the name mentioned in many magazines and finally justified the cost.Buying a bra online was a hurdle but I sized down on the band due to weight loss and stuck with the same cup size I last purchased -LRB- DDD/E -RRB- . I put it on immediately upon receiving it and immediately felt like a new person . My back straightened up and I took a wonderful deep breadth . I did n't even realize how much back discomfort I had until this bra lifted the weight of my breasts off of it.I felt this amazing AFTER three hours of yoga today . I take yoga , partially , to help with my back discomfort . This bra is tons cheaper.I 'm actually thinking of sleeping in it tonight.The only down-side is that once your massive cleavage is lifted there 's no denying the stomach pooch it once hid . So maybe I will keep going to yoga .
 I usually buy Body by Victoria -LRB- Victoria Secret -RRB- bras , but because I have DD 's , the straps tend to loosen throughout the day causing sagging . But they are lined , which I like.When I first go this bra in the mail , I was slightly disapointed that it was not lined -LRB- it sort of looked lined in the photo -RRB- , but I tried it on anyways ... and LOVED it ! The straps stay right where you put them so you do n't sag later in the day and they really hold up larger breasts ! It is very comfortable , but supportive at the same time ! I will continue to buy this bra , but I bet I wo n't need to purchase them as often as I was when I was wearing VS bras ... I think they are more meant for looks and for smaller breasted woman -LRB- VS -RRB- . I highly recommend this product !!
 I 'm well endowed and have never had much luck with Victoria Secret bras . They never fit correctly and the teens they have working there do n't really know how to fit women correctly . This bra is awesome ! I do recommend you go to a good specialty bra shop to get measured/fitted before purchasing online however .
 I have shopped at many bra shops in the US and Europe . If you are a 38G and short-waisted this bra is the one for you . I have paid over a hundred dollars in Houston for this bra , so to find it between forty and fifty dollars on Amazon is great . The bras are from England and the quality is excellent . The material the bra is made from never breaks down , it is the wire poking thru that signals that the bra is dead . When this happens I get out my sewing machine , fix the area and use it for another year or so . Even at one hundred dollars Fantasie bras are worth the price !
 I love this brand of bras . The product was exactly what i expected.Of course when you are this size , i suggest you get professionally fitted first .
 I 'm revising this now that I 've washed it and worn it a couple of times . Still 4 stars , but closer to 5 now . I 'm still trying to determine my exact size , which has changed a lot -LRB- much bigger ; i.e. , I 've put on a lot of weight -RRB- since the last time I bought bras.Herroom.com says I should be a 38 band with a 6D universal cup size . I have n't yet found any bras that I can close the hooks on a 38 band , so I 've been looking at 40 inch bands . At Nordstrom , they sized me at 40DD for most brands , and 40E -LRB- a 3D universal cup size -RRB- for Elomi Caitlyn . Most of the 40DDs I 've tried do n't fit at all -LRB- too small -RRB- . This bra is a 40DD , and is the best fitting of the bras I 've tried so far , with the possible exception of the Elomi Caitlyn 40E . The cups fit smoothly , and the wires lay flat when I first got it . After washing , the center panel does n't lay perfectly flat on my breastbone ; I may need one cup size larger . The band was a little snug at first , but after washing , it 's very comfortable . At first , the band was curling up , but it 's not doing that any more . There is no band under the cups , but it 's feeling OK anyway.I really like that the cups are seamless and smooth and unpadded . After the first washing , there is no itching or discomfort of the band at all . The cut is a little high on the sides , but that 's what enables the bra to push the tissues more to the front , so I ca n't really complain too much . As I say , I think there is still some fine tuning to do regarding fit . I really should try the size that Herroom.com recommends.Much to my surprise , two hooks -LRB- instead of three -RRB- is working just fine . The position of the shoulder straps is perfect , I can get the band and shoulder straps nicely settled between and below my shoulder blades so that everything fits comfortably .
 My order arrived right on time and was in great condition . I really like this bra with T-shirts . I have one in each of the colors .
 great bra , runs big in the cups ... I am small in the back , but , this , the cups not for me anywayHad to return mine , even though I did try it on in a hurry , purchased the bra , and had to return both ... I am a 36 DD , very nice , cups run big . I am a 36 DD in all bras , this one , not to good ... Fav bras , Bali new `` comfort bra '' awesome , Bali `` t back bra '' , Gap , '' full coverage lace '' , and my very fav . `` Champion everday bra '' , wonderful , perfect fitting in each styleSo beware ...
 I purchased this bra based on the size I wear in another brand . Unfortunately the bra was to big in the cup . I returned it for the next size smaller . The cup fit is still not perfect . It tends to be a little bunched at the top . The overall construction is very good . I think most people would probably find the fit right , I tend to have trouble finding bras that fit properly .
 Excellent fitting bra for those of us in Ds . I have purchased Fantasie bras for more in stores and was pleased to find it available here . However , for unknown reasons all of it , except the cups and the front of the straps , turned a very pale shade of yellow the first time it was washed . No bleach and regular detergent was used - go figure .
 Very fast delivery on this product . It is very comfortable and of great quality . I am very happy with this purchase . I had been given a Fantasie bra a few years ago from my daughter and it has lasted wonderfully . My daughter gave it to me because she had need for a larger size so it has lasted for 6 years and still has lots of wear in it . So I was happy to purchase the new one and will stick to this brand from now on .
 Great bra , nice fit in cup - I usually wear a 36G , but this was a little sung in the band - I would order up a size next time for this brand .
 I am a 32G and finding a bra that kept me up was so difficult , i got myself professionally fitted at nordstroms where i tried this on and was so amazed that a bra like this actually existed ! I now own 4 of them in diff colors and am so happy ... i now look great in fitted tees!Note
 I wish they had more colors !!!!!! . I am a 36DD and this bra actually makes me look smaller with better posture . I have been wearing Victoria secret bras for many years , but never get the support I need . The full size is very comfortable and the material is thin , which is what I wanted . I dont want to look larger .
 i received the bra for my wife in 3 days but the bra just did n ot work for her I called for a return.I will order from them again
 I wanted a black bra that would still provide lift but made it possible to wear button downs . This bra fits the bill . I will say that it does not look as good with looser -LRB- re
 I have purchased this bra before from a Bra specialty store -LRB- brick & mortar storefront -RRB- . It was a much better deal on line . I think I paid $ 50 - $ 55 at the specialty store . On Amazon it was only $ 35 , a great deal . I love the fit & it wont wear out . I will buy this item again .
 This is actually the second bra of this style that I 've bought . I 've found some bras pinch under the bust , but this is one of the few that does n't . It 's very comfortable for all day wear and the straps rarely slip.EDIT
 I am a large busted woman with a narrow frame . I have always been stuck in a 36 band size just because the normal bras at department stores started in a 36 when moving into the triple D and beyond size . It was a trip to England and a bra fitting that I discovered I was wearing the wrong band and cup size . I found Fantasie and I have been a fan ever since . There is no spillage out of the cups and the band stays put .
 For a larger chested woman this bra rocks . It is HARD to find my size , I run a 34G or 36F . Finding a decent bra in that size that does n't look like a granny bra is a challenge and I am happy with this one . Two clasps instead of three or four , but still great support and very comfy . Thinner straps , but they do n't dig in . Smooth , no seems show . Fantasie is my new favorite bra maker !
 I LOVE this bra . Offers great support . It is not the first I have gotten like it , and the ones I previously purchased have lasted WELL over a year -LRB- take note that I do not put my bras in the dryer -RRB- . I would recommend this bra to anyone looking for good support and comfort in a bra .
 This bra is great ! It is extrememly comfortable and looks great under clothes , even tight shirts . I have had several of these bras for over a year and they are holding up well . I recommend only washing in cold water on ultra delicate cycle . I use The Laundress Lady Delicate Wash - 16 fl . oz . .
 I 've been wearing this bra for years and will continue to wear it . I only wish it was available in more colors !
 The thing I LOVE about this bra and the Fantasie of England brand is the fabulous fit for full figures . Fantasie of England probably carries the best fitting bras I have ever tried -LRB- I am full figured but have a small band size -RRB- . This bra is no exception , it fits great like a glove and adheres to the body in all the right places , with no part of the bra out of place . The downer for this particular bra in my opinion is the shaping -- it is indeed a T-shirt bra with a smooth shape , but it tends to flatten and distribute tissue to the sides instead of projecting out . So in my case at least , it makes me look wider , which I am not crazy about ... but I appreciate the excellent fit which is typical of this fine brand ! If you like the casual look of the T shirt bra then you 'll love this bra ; if you want more sophisticted shaping it is n't for you . I give it 5 stars just for the fit , though .
 I wear a large cup size with a small band size , which can make good fitting , supportive bras very difficult to find , but this bra does it all . It gives me smooth attractive shape and great support . If you are a large cup size and need good support , this is the bra for you . When ordering you should know that some sizes are slightly off . I am a 38GG , but waer a 38G in this bra .
 This bra is great for every day , for sports , for clingy clothes . Looks great ; is very comfortable . I have a terrible time finding a good bra that fits & is comfortable . Full coverage cup . The only thing it 's not good for is a plunging neckline .
 I bought this bra based upon the reviews of the Undie Awards -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I 've seen the name mentioned in many magazines and finally justified the cost.Buying a bra online was a hurdle but I sized down on the band due to weight loss and stuck with the same cup size I last purchased -LRB- DDD/E -RRB- . I put it on immediately upon receiving it and immediately felt like a new person . My back straightened up and I took a wonderful deep breadth . I did n't even realize how much back discomfort I had until this bra lifted the weight of my breasts off of it.I felt this amazing AFTER three hours of yoga today . I take yoga , partially , to help with my back discomfort . This bra is tons cheaper.I 'm actually thinking of sleeping in it tonight.The only down-side is that once your massive cleavage is lifted there 's no denying the stomach pooch it once hid . So maybe I will keep going to yoga .
 I usually buy Body by Victoria -LRB- Victoria Secret -RRB- bras , but because I have DD 's , the straps tend to loosen throughout the day causing sagging . But they are lined , which I like.When I first go this bra in the mail , I was slightly disapointed that it was not lined -LRB- it sort of looked lined in the photo -RRB- , but I tried it on anyways ... and LOVED it ! The straps stay right where you put them so you do n't sag later in the day and they really hold up larger breasts ! It is very comfortable , but supportive at the same time ! I will continue to buy this bra , but I bet I wo n't need to purchase them as often as I was when I was wearing VS bras ... I think they are more meant for looks and for smaller breasted woman -LRB- VS -RRB- . I highly recommend this product !!
 I 'm well endowed and have never had much luck with Victoria Secret bras . They never fit correctly and the teens they have working there do n't really know how to fit women correctly . This bra is awesome ! I do recommend you go to a good specialty bra shop to get measured/fitted before purchasing online however .
 I have shopped at many bra shops in the US and Europe . If you are a 38G and short-waisted this bra is the one for you . I have paid over a hundred dollars in Houston for this bra , so to find it between forty and fifty dollars on Amazon is great . The bras are from England and the quality is excellent . The material the bra is made from never breaks down , it is the wire poking thru that signals that the bra is dead . When this happens I get out my sewing machine , fix the area and use it for another year or so . Even at one hundred dollars Fantasie bras are worth the price !
 I love this brand of bras . The product was exactly what i expected.Of course when you are this size , i suggest you get professionally fitted first .
 I 'm revising this now that I 've washed it and worn it a couple of times . Still 4 stars , but closer to 5 now . I 'm still trying to determine my exact size , which has changed a lot -LRB- much bigger ; i.e. , I 've put on a lot of weight -RRB- since the last time I bought bras.Herroom.com says I should be a 38 band with a 6D universal cup size . I have n't yet found any bras that I can close the hooks on a 38 band , so I 've been looking at 40 inch bands . At Nordstrom , they sized me at 40DD for most brands , and 40E -LRB- a 3D universal cup size -RRB- for Elomi Caitlyn . Most of the 40DDs I 've tried do n't fit at all -LRB- too small -RRB- . This bra is a 40DD , and is the best fitting of the bras I 've tried so far , with the possible exception of the Elomi Caitlyn 40E . The cups fit smoothly , and the wires lay flat when I first got it . After washing , the center panel does n't lay perfectly flat on my breastbone ; I may need one cup size larger . The band was a little snug at first , but after washing , it 's very comfortable . At first , the band was curling up , but it 's not doing that any more . There is no band under the cups , but it 's feeling OK anyway.I really like that the cups are seamless and smooth and unpadded . After the first washing , there is no itching or discomfort of the band at all . The cut is a little high on the sides , but that 's what enables the bra to push the tissues more to the front , so I ca n't really complain too much . As I say , I think there is still some fine tuning to do regarding fit . I really should try the size that Herroom.com recommends.Much to my surprise , two hooks -LRB- instead of three -RRB- is working just fine . The position of the shoulder straps is perfect , I can get the band and shoulder straps nicely settled between and below my shoulder blades so that everything fits comfortably .
 My order arrived right on time and was in great condition . I really like this bra with T-shirts . I have one in each of the colors .
 great bra , runs big in the cups ... I am small in the back , but , this , the cups not for me anywayHad to return mine , even though I did try it on in a hurry , purchased the bra , and had to return both ... I am a 36 DD , very nice , cups run big . I am a 36 DD in all bras , this one , not to good ... Fav bras , Bali new `` comfort bra '' awesome , Bali `` t back bra '' , Gap , '' full coverage lace '' , and my very fav . `` Champion everday bra '' , wonderful , perfect fitting in each styleSo beware ...
 I have purchased this bra before from a Bra specialty store -LRB- brick & mortar storefront -RRB- . It was a much better deal on line . I think I paid $ 50 - $ 55 at the specialty store . On Amazon it was only $ 35 , a great deal . I love the fit & it wont wear out . I will buy this item again .
 This is actually the second bra of this style that I 've bought . I 've found some bras pinch under the bust , but this is one of the few that does n't . It 's very comfortable for all day wear and the straps rarely slip.EDIT
 I am a large busted woman with a narrow frame . I have always been stuck in a 36 band size just because the normal bras at department stores started in a 36 when moving into the triple D and beyond size . It was a trip to England and a bra fitting that I discovered I was wearing the wrong band and cup size . I found Fantasie and I have been a fan ever since . There is no spillage out of the cups and the band stays put .
 For a larger chested woman this bra rocks . It is HARD to find my size , I run a 34G or 36F . Finding a decent bra in that size that does n't look like a granny bra is a challenge and I am happy with this one . Two clasps instead of three or four , but still great support and very comfy . Thinner straps , but they do n't dig in . Smooth , no seems show . Fantasie is my new favorite bra maker !
 I LOVE this bra . Offers great support . It is not the first I have gotten like it , and the ones I previously purchased have lasted WELL over a year -LRB- take note that I do not put my bras in the dryer -RRB- . I would recommend this bra to anyone looking for good support and comfort in a bra .
 This bra is great ! It is extrememly comfortable and looks great under clothes , even tight shirts . I have had several of these bras for over a year and they are holding up well . I recommend only washing in cold water on ultra delicate cycle . I use The Laundress Lady Delicate Wash - 16 fl . oz . .
 I 've been wearing this bra for years and will continue to wear it . I only wish it was available in more colors !
 I purchased this bra based on the size I wear in another brand . Unfortunately the bra was to big in the cup . I returned it for the next size smaller . The cup fit is still not perfect . It tends to be a little bunched at the top . The overall construction is very good . I think most people would probably find the fit right , I tend to have trouble finding bras that fit properly .
 Excellent fitting bra for those of us in Ds . I have purchased Fantasie bras for more in stores and was pleased to find it available here . However , for unknown reasons all of it , except the cups and the front of the straps , turned a very pale shade of yellow the first time it was washed . No bleach and regular detergent was used - go figure .
 Very fast delivery on this product . It is very comfortable and of great quality . I am very happy with this purchase . I had been given a Fantasie bra a few years ago from my daughter and it has lasted wonderfully . My daughter gave it to me because she had need for a larger size so it has lasted for 6 years and still has lots of wear in it . So I was happy to purchase the new one and will stick to this brand from now on .
 Great bra , nice fit in cup - I usually wear a 36G , but this was a little sung in the band - I would order up a size next time for this brand .
 I am a 32G and finding a bra that kept me up was so difficult , i got myself professionally fitted at nordstroms where i tried this on and was so amazed that a bra like this actually existed ! I now own 4 of them in diff colors and am so happy ... i now look great in fitted tees!Note
 I wish they had more colors !!!!!! . I am a 36DD and this bra actually makes me look smaller with better posture . I have been wearing Victoria secret bras for many years , but never get the support I need . The full size is very comfortable and the material is thin , which is what I wanted . I dont want to look larger .
 i received the bra for my wife in 3 days but the bra just did n ot work for her I called for a return.I will order from them again
 I wanted a black bra that would still provide lift but made it possible to wear button downs . This bra fits the bill . I will say that it does not look as good with looser -LRB- re
 My order arrived right on time and was in great condition . I really like this bra with T-shirts . I have one in each of the colors .
 great bra , runs big in the cups ... I am small in the back , but , this , the cups not for me anywayHad to return mine , even though I did try it on in a hurry , purchased the bra , and had to return both ... I am a 36 DD , very nice , cups run big . I am a 36 DD in all bras , this one , not to good ... Fav bras , Bali new `` comfort bra '' awesome , Bali `` t back bra '' , Gap , '' full coverage lace '' , and my very fav . `` Champion everday bra '' , wonderful , perfect fitting in each styleSo beware ...
 The thing I LOVE about this bra and the Fantasie of England brand is the fabulous fit for full figures . Fantasie of England probably carries the best fitting bras I have ever tried -LRB- I am full figured but have a small band size -RRB- . This bra is no exception , it fits great like a glove and adheres to the body in all the right places , with no part of the bra out of place . The downer for this particular bra in my opinion is the shaping -- it is indeed a T-shirt bra with a smooth shape , but it tends to flatten and distribute tissue to the sides instead of projecting out . So in my case at least , it makes me look wider , which I am not crazy about ... but I appreciate the excellent fit which is typical of this fine brand ! If you like the casual look of the T shirt bra then you 'll love this bra ; if you want more sophisticted shaping it is n't for you . I give it 5 stars just for the fit , though .
 I wear a large cup size with a small band size , which can make good fitting , supportive bras very difficult to find , but this bra does it all . It gives me smooth attractive shape and great support . If you are a large cup size and need good support , this is the bra for you . When ordering you should know that some sizes are slightly off . I am a 38GG , but waer a 38G in this bra .
 I bought this bra based upon the reviews of the Undie Awards -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I 've seen the name mentioned in many magazines and finally justified the cost.Buying a bra online was a hurdle but I sized down on the band due to weight loss and stuck with the same cup size I last purchased -LRB- DDD/E -RRB- . I put it on immediately upon receiving it and immediately felt like a new person . My back straightened up and I took a wonderful deep breadth . I did n't even realize how much back discomfort I had until this bra lifted the weight of my breasts off of it.I felt this amazing AFTER three hours of yoga today . I take yoga , partially , to help with my back discomfort . This bra is tons cheaper.I 'm actually thinking of sleeping in it tonight.The only down-side is that once your massive cleavage is lifted there 's no denying the stomach pooch it once hid . So maybe I will keep going to yoga .
 This bra is great for every day , for sports , for clingy clothes . Looks great ; is very comfortable . I have a terrible time finding a good bra that fits & is comfortable . Full coverage cup . The only thing it 's not good for is a plunging neckline .
 I usually buy Body by Victoria -LRB- Victoria Secret -RRB- bras , but because I have DD 's , the straps tend to loosen throughout the day causing sagging . But they are lined , which I like.When I first go this bra in the mail , I was slightly disapointed that it was not lined -LRB- it sort of looked lined in the photo -RRB- , but I tried it on anyways ... and LOVED it ! The straps stay right where you put them so you do n't sag later in the day and they really hold up larger breasts ! It is very comfortable , but supportive at the same time ! I will continue to buy this bra , but I bet I wo n't need to purchase them as often as I was when I was wearing VS bras ... I think they are more meant for looks and for smaller breasted woman -LRB- VS -RRB- . I highly recommend this product !!
 I 'm well endowed and have never had much luck with Victoria Secret bras . They never fit correctly and the teens they have working there do n't really know how to fit women correctly . This bra is awesome ! I do recommend you go to a good specialty bra shop to get measured/fitted before purchasing online however .
 I have shopped at many bra shops in the US and Europe . If you are a 38G and short-waisted this bra is the one for you . I have paid over a hundred dollars in Houston for this bra , so to find it between forty and fifty dollars on Amazon is great . The bras are from England and the quality is excellent . The material the bra is made from never breaks down , it is the wire poking thru that signals that the bra is dead . When this happens I get out my sewing machine , fix the area and use it for another year or so . Even at one hundred dollars Fantasie bras are worth the price !
 I love this brand of bras . The product was exactly what i expected.Of course when you are this size , i suggest you get professionally fitted first .
 I 'm revising this now that I 've washed it and worn it a couple of times . Still 4 stars , but closer to 5 now . I 'm still trying to determine my exact size , which has changed a lot -LRB- much bigger ; i.e. , I 've put on a lot of weight -RRB- since the last time I bought bras.Herroom.com says I should be a 38 band with a 6D universal cup size . I have n't yet found any bras that I can close the hooks on a 38 band , so I 've been looking at 40 inch bands . At Nordstrom , they sized me at 40DD for most brands , and 40E -LRB- a 3D universal cup size -RRB- for Elomi Caitlyn . Most of the 40DDs I 've tried do n't fit at all -LRB- too small -RRB- . This bra is a 40DD , and is the best fitting of the bras I 've tried so far , with the possible exception of the Elomi Caitlyn 40E . The cups fit smoothly , and the wires lay flat when I first got it . After washing , the center panel does n't lay perfectly flat on my breastbone ; I may need one cup size larger . The band was a little snug at first , but after washing , it 's very comfortable . At first , the band was curling up , but it 's not doing that any more . There is no band under the cups , but it 's feeling OK anyway.I really like that the cups are seamless and smooth and unpadded . After the first washing , there is no itching or discomfort of the band at all . The cut is a little high on the sides , but that 's what enables the bra to push the tissues more to the front , so I ca n't really complain too much . As I say , I think there is still some fine tuning to do regarding fit . I really should try the size that Herroom.com recommends.Much to my surprise , two hooks -LRB- instead of three -RRB- is working just fine . The position of the shoulder straps is perfect , I can get the band and shoulder straps nicely settled between and below my shoulder blades so that everything fits comfortably .
 Soft and comfy ! Still holding up after 2 years now , they are our favorites - my husband and I fight over them -LRB- we have the same sized feet -RRB- . Nicely padded without being too thick , these are the perfect socks .
 sorry it 's been awhile since i received it . my boyfriend absolutely loved it since he 's a huge fan of motorhead ! the sticker was perfect . thank you so much !
 I love , love , love , love , love , love these bags . And did I mention that I love these bags ? They hold much more than any plastic grocery bag - I think I 've fit the contents of 3 plastic bags in 1 of these canvas bags . I love the long handles as they make it easier to carry more than one bag on a shoulder . I use them for more than groceries ; I use them to transport any and every thing that 's not already in a bag . I do n't have any trouble remembering to put them back in the car after use , I simply place them by the door and grab them along with my keys on the way out.I do n't think they were overpriced at all
 I bought just one set of these to see if I liked them before buying any more and I could n't be happier . The bags are durable , easy to wash the right size and can take a good amount of groceries . Would recommend to anyone .
 I keep these great bags in my car , so that I wo n't forget to take them to the store with me . It does n't get any simpler than that .
 I bought these bags for my mother as a birthday gift , -LRB- but more for me as well ! -RRB- . After seeing all the waste from those terrible plastic grocerie bags , I broke down and bought these . I bought 6 and they are perfect for the typical large grocerie load . THey are durable and large . If you acutally want to be ` green ' rather than just be a poseur , buy these !
 Stating the obvious , this product helps save the environment ! Helping do that is important for all of us . This is a great product !
 As a practical person , I was delighted when a friend gave me 3 bags for Christmas . They are good quality , very sturdy , save using 6 or so plastic bags each time , in most cases , which feels GREAT , and I think about my friend each time I shop ! Admittedly , it 's taking awhile to teach this old gal new tricks in remembering to take them in the store with me . It 's turned into a personal challenge -- and , I found after making myself go back out to the car and get them in this snowy , cold winter , I 'm remembering them a lot more often !
 Three bags for the money is good . As I have said , they are somewhat flimsy , but great to use with more stable purchases such as boxes of cereal , crackers , etc. .
 These are great , sturdy bags . I feel good when I use them and do my part to reduce the usage of millions of little plastic bags .
 i use these bags everyday . they are of superb quality and hold lots of products . i especially love the long handle .
 I am very happy with the bags -- easy to use , can carry on the shoulder or just by hand . Very rugged and durable . Would like to find for less than $ 7 each , though -- that 's a little high
 I had been putting off buying cotton bags for groceries and errands until one day I looked in the pantry and found all of the little plastic bags that I 'd stored in there had started their own government and were about to start a war of acquisition for room on other shelves -LRB- i.e. I just had so many of them and felt guilty about the waste . -RRB- I ordered two sets of these , they arrived promptly and are wonderful.The handles are surprisingly long which may or may not be a detriment ; I found this helpful , some may not . They wash up well and are capacious . The first time I brought them to the grocery store even the cashier was impressed with their roominess . The customers around me all asked where I got them and I was admired for my shopping savvy -LRB- which , frankly , is minimal . -RRB- The reviewer who said they keep them in their car is brilliant . I have followed this practice and it has served me well.Also , if you can spare the cash - get the Feeddbag here at Amazon . I suppose it can be used as a tote but I use it also for groceries -LRB- it 's good for the frozen stuff . -RRB- It 's spendy -LRB- as we say in the Midwest -RRB- but the money is used to feed child for a year . I wish I had the money to feed them all . I 'll bet you do too . Anyway - it 's a good bag for groceries also.Love these cotton bags . They fold up well , too , so you can fit them in the child 's seat in a grocery cart along with the purse and your fragile groceries . Now if I can just remember to take my darn list to the store so I wo n't forget stuff , I 'm all set .
 These bags are great for replacing plastic/paper grocery bags . I used to drive my husband crazy with the hundred plastic bags I kept in our kitchen drawers because I could n't bear to be so wasteful as to throw them away after having used them for all of FIFTEEN minutes.I keep these great bags in my car , so that I wo n't forget to take them to the store with me . It does n't get any simpler than that .
 , , , to save the planet ! I LOVE my Planet Bags ! They are sturdy enough that each one holds three to four plastic bags worth of Stuff . The seller was terrific , too - very prompt shipment and great customer service . I leave my Planet Bags in my car all the time now , so they are always available for impromptu grocery or office supply stops . If you want to change one thing you usually do to help our Earth , the Planet Bag makes it easy !
 These bags came in great time and were exactly as described . They are extremely spacious but also can be rolled up and thrown in your purse . The extra long handles are great for throwing around your shoulder ; and since you can carry so many groceries at one time , it can hold a lot of weight.I did a lot of shopping around for reusable grocery bags and these were by far the most affordable and good sized.Highly recommended !
 These bags are wonderful ! Exactly as described , large , lightweight , durable and easy to carry . Wash up great and do n't slide around in the car after you load them in ! Great value for price too .
 These bags are sturdy enought , yet fairly light weight . They would be easier to handle if their handles were shorter .
 I ordered the 3-pack of bags last Thursday and they arrived with Monday 's mail . I could n't believe how quickly I got them and I did n't pay for special delivery service either . Good work ! I have n't used them yet , but they look great . Happy to do my part to stop using plastic grocery bags !
 I got a set of these . I gave a few as gifts , I keep a couple in the car for groceries -LRB- thanks to the previous reviewer -RRB- and I use the other for dragging around EVERYTHING . I have my phone , my lunch , my Oxo coffee cup , a book , a bottled water , I toss the mail in on my way in the house and I sling it all over the back of the bar stool to unload . I took off one star because it 's ugly and the photos look like it holds a ton of groceries but when I take them to the grocery store I can not use them for anything like kleenex boxes , milk , OJ , anything bulky . You 'd have to use one bag per bulky item , just like they do the disposable ones , and I do n't have 12 of these . Also , the kid checking out my stuff griped about how hard they were to fill . One thing about them is the handles are super long . That 's a good thing if you like to sling the bag over your shoulder , not such a good thing if you want to carry it by your side ; you 'll be dragging your stuff on the ground . I 'm a sling it over my shoulder gal , so it 's great for me .
 These are the greatest bags ! They 're the perfect size in both height and depth . They 're strong and will last a long time . I have a lot of bags like this and these are my favorites by far .
 I have been using these bags for a year now and they are amazing . I overfill them with cans and heavy groceries all the time . I love them and highly recommend them !
 Having sampled different sources of Red String , including one which retails for $ 26 from a well known source , I can recommend this one as the real thing and at a significantly more affordable price . To my knowledge the only difference is this is cotton and a lot more affordable . I wear mine proudly and what 's great about this string is you get enough for at least 5 bracelets . It comes with a history of Rachel 's Tomb and the story behind the string and the prayer to say with it . I would definitely buy this one again !
 This is a great deal to get just the red string -LRB- although the prayer is included -RRB- .
 This is a genuine natural material Red String from Isreal . While there , I found wool , cotten and linen Red Strings for sale . Very lucky to find a real Red String when mine broke .
 I love the slim fit and it is nice to have a thigh pocket without the cargo pocket bulk . The fabric is more substantial than many other hiking pants , but they seem very durable . I liked them so much I bought another pair in khaki .
 I know these parts are made for hiking but I bought these for my deployment in Afghanistan . I wear these during the harsh summer months -LRB- 130F -RRB- and I could n't ask for more out of a pair of pants . They are very durable , they stay dry no matter how much I sweat , they are not bulky , and they keep me cool . The material is lightweight but I dont feel over exposed when I wear them . I went up a size to make sure they were roomy and they are perfect . I get a lot of compliments since they are very feminine and are flattering on a womans body . All of the girls here have bought a pair at one time or another and they love them too . They are worth every penny and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I love these dear , sexy little socks - they are comfortable , and unlike thigh-high stockings , they always stay right where they belong . Now , they only come in one size , but that does n't mean they 'll fit all . I thought they fit well on my size 7 feet , but I would n't recommend them for much bigger . -LRB- Review of Lace Anklet With Ruffle -RRB-
 I was looking for something nice to wear as an alternative to trouser socks , these socks are sexy lace with a ruffle . These socks will be worn with black dress pants , I think they are feminine with a subtle sexiness about them .
 If you 're a sock and shoe person , then you should like these ruffled-topped anklets . They do snag , and the ruffle is a bit heavier than what I thought , but still -- they 're like putting fun on your feet !
 Bought these as a gift . She loves them . She wears them everyday but I think they 'd make a great accessory to a witches costume . This vendor is great . The items arrived quickly and exactly as shown . I 'd buy from them again !
 Where to start . I was looking for a single strap , cross-body , small footprint backpack to use when toting around my laptop . I searched several stores in the area before coming across the Kingpin . Enter the Kingpin . After checking to see if they had my color , which they did n't , I ordered the bag on Amazon . Got the product quickly and at a better price.At first , I was a little nervous that the main compartment was going to be to small . Fortunately , there are two straps at the bottom that can be loosened to allow a significant increase in the main compartment size . I can carry my personal laptop -LRB- the compact HP TC1100 -RRB- , or my work latptop -LRB- the larger IBM T40 with 6 hour battery -RRB- . As I write this review from my hotel ona buisness trip , I am carrying my work laptop , a portable USB floppy drive , several notebooks , the powersupply , and other misc . work items . Everything fits with room to spare.Let me talk about some other features that are nice . There are 2 other external pockets . The middle pocket is perfect for power supplys , pencils , and TI-super massive calculators . Also in this pocket is a small , zippable compartment , which is even more ideal for small technogadgets -LRB- USB , Bluetooth , ect -RRB- . The outermost pocket is the smallest , and I have n't really used it for anything other than pens , gum , and other small items.The backpack also contains a cool feature for those of use that like to listen to music on the go . Inside the main pocket is a smaller pocket that can hold CD player devices and smaller . The pocket is fully zippable and contains a headphone jack that can be plugged into the headset jack on the audio device . This jack leads to an input jack that is integrated into the cross body strap . Plug your headphones in here -LRB- you might prefer headphones with volume control -RRB- and you can reduce the wire clutter.Two more things and I am done . On the crossbody strap is a small , open topped mesh area that is perfect for holding cell phones . It is very secure , so secure I sometimes have trouble getting my phone out in a pinch . Last but not least is a water bottle holder made of the same mesh material as the cell phone holder , which is just as secure.If you ca n't tell , this backpack has a lot to offer in a small package . I am extremely pleased with the purchase and use this item daily to port around my devices . In addition to a long list of cool features , this backpack is just plain comfortable and I would gladdy recommend it .
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 I was amazed at the extra room this cup had - yes I measured properly - as it is hard for hefty busted tiny waisted ladies to find bras that fit and are pretty . The lace is strong . The triange in the middle is great for us omega-boobed gals . It really does n't say that it is a 3-part bra , but it is and the boning holds everything in under the arms .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 OK , I 'll confess
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 I love the slim fit and it is nice to have a thigh pocket without the cargo pocket bulk . The fabric is more substantial than many other hiking pants , but they seem very durable . I liked them so much I bought another pair in khaki .
 I know these parts are made for hiking but I bought these for my deployment in Afghanistan . I wear these during the harsh summer months -LRB- 130F -RRB- and I could n't ask for more out of a pair of pants . They are very durable , they stay dry no matter how much I sweat , they are not bulky , and they keep me cool . The material is lightweight but I dont feel over exposed when I wear them . I went up a size to make sure they were roomy and they are perfect . I get a lot of compliments since they are very feminine and are flattering on a womans body . All of the girls here have bought a pair at one time or another and they love them too . They are worth every penny and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I bought these for jogging , and they are nice , but too expensive honestly . Also as a side note for you guys ... the pouch that is built into the product might just provide a bit too much of a bulge in certain clothing , so be aware of how it looks before you step outside if you catch my drift ...
 These suits are great ! I purchased one 2 summers ago a 12-18mo . from another company and my son wore it for 2 summers . 2 summers of chlorine pools and Arizona sun ! It held up great ! The other name for it is `` Sunbusters '' I was excited to find this vendor for my sons suit for this summer . They were very reasonable on the price and shipped very fast !! I will be looking them again next year for sure !! Thanks !!
 I was extremely pleased when this product arrived super quick , just in time for my daughter 's weekly swim class . She 's been wearing the suit for nearly two months and it is holding up nicely - the material still looks new even after many dips in the pool . One of the snaps along the leg seam no longer snaps securely but the others hold well . That is my only complaint . Otherwise , a great toddler swim suit , and the price was definitely right .
 This is an adorable outfit . My son wore it at 8 months and it fit him fine -LRB- there was def . some room for him to grow but I would think if he was closer to 18 months it would n't fit as well -RRB- . I like how he was safer out in the sun with this on and the snaps on the bottom were a breeze -LRB- and smart design choice ! -RRB-
 I love this suit ! I was looking for a suit for my 4 month old . He was taking swimming classes and I was worry about the Florida sun . It is well made and it is easy to put it on . It is really easier to handle the baby with the suit compared to having two pieces .
 I bought two for my twin boys and this is a great swimsuit - they were not even wet under the suit . I would recommend this product strongly .
 Love this suit , it saves me from having to lather my daughter in suncream and I do n't worry about her skin being damaged by the sun . -LRB- She 's much more content only having to wait for cream to be put on the bits that show ! -RRB- She seems very happy in it . Size-wise I think it 's true to size . It seems very well made and I will probably be getting another when she outgrows this one . I have seen the exact suit elsewhere being sold for a lot more money !
 Classic white t-shirt . I use them as tees in the summer and undershirt in winter . Mint
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Great fit , loved the 3 piece cup , made me look 10 pounds thinner ! Bought a similar product , different brand and have been looking for one in black for awhile .
 I was amazed at the extra room this cup had - yes I measured properly - as it is hard for hefty busted tiny waisted ladies to find bras that fit and are pretty . The lace is strong . The triange in the middle is great for us omega-boobed gals . It really does n't say that it is a 3-part bra , but it is and the boning holds everything in under the arms .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Fortunately I had seen other online reviews before buying this bag , so I knew what to expect . It seems that Travelpro 's Chinese supplier really let them down with this model . Overall quality is excellent except for the large wheels . Instead of bearings , they have plastic axles wrapped in nylon thread ! With 10 lbs of books in the bag , I practically had to drag it on a flat sidewalk . Fortunately this is easy to fix . Remove one of the wheels and take it with you to your local skateboard shop . They can sell you 60mm `` aggressive '' inline skate wheels with bearings . After a $ 20 upgrade I have a fantastic rolling bag that I hope to use for years on my business trips .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 It 's a very nice bandana . The only downside is that the print is only on one side so the other side looks faded .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Bought these as a gift . She loves them . She wears them everyday but I think they 'd make a great accessory to a witches costume . This vendor is great . The items arrived quickly and exactly as shown . I 'd buy from them again !
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 I really in love of these sunglasses , are my favorites , if you put it on , you 'll feel the great shape and the perfect materials that are made of . Look coolest than ever ... wear prada .
 QUALITY VALUE . PUMA DOES IT RIGHT . SIZE TRUE TO FIT & HAS A TAILORED LOOK & FEEL.VERY COMFORTABLE . ONLY REASON FOR A 4 RATING IS THAT PRODUCT FOTO WAS PRIMARILY A RED JACKET BUT IN THE ORDERING PROCESS THE FOTO SHOWN WAS A NAVY COLORED JACKET . JACKET RECEIVED WAS A NAVY COLOR SO IT WAS A LITTLE CONFUSING .
 This is the best jacket and pant set . Love the pants they are slimming and look great not like bulky sweatpants but a very tailored slimming look . A + + +
 This jacket is great all around . Is warm despite it being light and is perfect either as a sideliner at a game or just all around wear .
 Fit is generous , plenty long and washes well . It has been in the dryer and has kept shape and color .
 I gave this five stars for the simple fact light weight , soft , great color for big men !!! I love this product for big men
 I have a bunch of heavy weight Carhardt hoodies that I love , but paid a lot for . This is a great inexpensive lightweight option .
 I am very pleased with this hoodie . It has a very good feel . I wish I could find the same one in a royal blue .
 I finally found a sweatshirt long enough . The sweatshirt is made of excellent quality material . The neck hole is a little snug fitting over the head .
 really good sweater . . wished it could be a little thicker but still high quality for the price . would by again
 Get these for my tall big boy nephew . He loves them and is always happy to get one in the mail from his loving aunt . The shipper is honorable and the product ca n't be beat for the price . We are pleased .
 I purchased these for my husband and grandmother , strangely enough , in cardinal blue and black.These are large and roomy . My husband is wearing his on the treadmill . The weight really helps keep him warm while he is working out which is crucial . My grandmother was chilled in the nursing home because she does n't move around as much as she used to . Two people are now warm and comfy.The cardinal blue is a very pretty color .
 Finally a great quality hooded sweatshirt in 6x for under $ 60 . Love the fleece lining and fit . Perfect . Back ordering more .
 I was looking all over town for sweatshirts and hooded pullovers and them it dawned on me order from amazon -LRB- since I get dvds and everything elsefrom here -RRB- really fast and no charge for shipping and handling.I love it
 Just like other Russell products . My husband is over 400 lbs. , and tall . Not all tall clothing is as long in their tops as Russell is . Of course this is not a zip-up . A pull-over is not supposed to zip up . It is not a heavyweight , but both my husband and I like them . In fact I came back to this site to buy some more . In tops for my big and tall husband , we only want Russell .
 I bought a size larger then my boyfriend normally wears , and it was still a little snug on him . Material does n't have much give in it.Very thick and heavy . A very durable hoodie.Disappointed in their sizing but good pricing .
 I bought one of these for my son in Heather Grey , but when I received it I realized I ordered it too small and it just happened to fit me ! :-RRB- It is extremely soft on the inside and keeps me very warm . Plus having the pocket on the front keeps your hands toasty too . A great price on Russell Athletic and worth every penny !
 so the other i was using my binoculars from my balcony ... when i saw this hot young lady ... had to be 18 ... or 19 ... real hot ... and i was like damn ... i should stalk her ... so i set out on an adventure ... the first two days she seemed to notice me creeping about ... so i decided to get some rayban sunglasses ... and a hat ... which helped ... but made it hard to see at night ... i was at a tough point in my life for awhile there ... until i saw this show on lifetime ... where this guy was using dark clothing to hide in the woods from the ladys ... so i hopped onto amazon ... quickly typed in black clothing ... skimmed passed all the racist stuff that comes up when you type in the word black ... then found me a kick ass hoodie ... 2 days later ... she ended up in my basement ... am i talking about the just then ... hhhmmmm who knowsi am pretty sure this hoodie comes rape certified ... but if it does n't ... i guarantee you it will make things a lot less Challenging ... when you are on the prowl ... no fat disgusting pervert should leave home with out ... thanks Russell athletic for my easy catchtheres nothing better than camo ... except for ether
 My son really likes this hoodie . The service was great . Came quicker than said . It 's not his absolute favorite . However , I did n't pay as much for this as his favorite . I am buying him another one .
 Nice and big like I wanted , Very Comfortable and priced very reasonable when compared to other products in some of the specialty stores . Would most certainly order again ! High Quality like one would associate with the Russell Name !
 Bought this sweatshirt for my son for Christmas and the fit and the feel are everything he was looking for . Would recommend this product to anyone who likes the perfect fit and feel .
 my son LOVES this . He is 6 ' 4 &#34; and overweight , and this is one of the few brands that makes a ` real ' 2LXT ` Thanks !
 Bought these because I thought Hillfiger had a quality name . Find that these wear great for a few months but then start to seperate at the seams . For between $ 14.00 and $ 18.00 per pair they should last longer.My Hanes for $ 8.00 per pair outlast these 3 to 1 .
 My husband loves these boxer briefs because they do not shrink up as much as other brands and last a lot longer .
 I have been buying these underwear since the early 90 's and always comfy to me .
 Very high quality manufacture . Most comfortable fit I have ever had . I would recommend these to anyone who wants quality and comfort .
 I love the slim fit and it is nice to have a thigh pocket without the cargo pocket bulk . The fabric is more substantial than many other hiking pants , but they seem very durable . I liked them so much I bought another pair in khaki .
 I know these parts are made for hiking but I bought these for my deployment in Afghanistan . I wear these during the harsh summer months -LRB- 130F -RRB- and I could n't ask for more out of a pair of pants . They are very durable , they stay dry no matter how much I sweat , they are not bulky , and they keep me cool . The material is lightweight but I dont feel over exposed when I wear them . I went up a size to make sure they were roomy and they are perfect . I get a lot of compliments since they are very feminine and are flattering on a womans body . All of the girls here have bought a pair at one time or another and they love them too . They are worth every penny and I would recommend them to anyone .
 This is an incrediable costume ! Fantastic and made a 5 year old just BEAM ! Super Super costume ! It even includes the wand ! Great quality and the cape is lined ! The hat is just amazing!Great product , great quality!SUPER PRICE !!
 I love the slim fit and it is nice to have a thigh pocket without the cargo pocket bulk . The fabric is more substantial than many other hiking pants , but they seem very durable . I liked them so much I bought another pair in khaki .
 I know these parts are made for hiking but I bought these for my deployment in Afghanistan . I wear these during the harsh summer months -LRB- 130F -RRB- and I could n't ask for more out of a pair of pants . They are very durable , they stay dry no matter how much I sweat , they are not bulky , and they keep me cool . The material is lightweight but I dont feel over exposed when I wear them . I went up a size to make sure they were roomy and they are perfect . I get a lot of compliments since they are very feminine and are flattering on a womans body . All of the girls here have bought a pair at one time or another and they love them too . They are worth every penny and I would recommend them to anyone .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 This is my second purchase of this wonderful swimsuit , so I can have a dry suit on hand ! The skirt is lovely , has enough length to cover what you may not want to have in full view , and yet is not full or flouncy , and is , therefore slimming . The bra has great support , and is also very kind to the smaller breasted woman . What a joy to find a beautiful suit which fits perfectly , and is more conservative ... I am 61 and while I am slender , I am sure past the age of letting it all hang it like the young women do today ! I feel perfectly comfortable to be seen at a public beach in this beautiful suit , without wanting to hide in a cabana !!!! I ordered one size larger than my dress size , as I was advised to do whenever purchasing a bathing suit , and it fits perfectly !! I hope this was helpful ... happy swimming !
 This Item was exactly what I was looking for . The top goes down far enough , when I lift my arms my belly does not show . It also has a nice skirt which covers the bottom area .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 I wanted a Corvette logo T-Shirt with subtle graphics and this fit the bill.Its made of comfortable cotton and has an embroidered logo . I ordered ` silver ' , but this one has a very slight greenish tinge to it.Overall , I am happy with it and I 'm sure it will last a long time .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 Product was much smaller than size 13 - I tried a person that wears size 12 and still too small . The sandals are marked men 's 13 . I compared them to my old sandals , they are an 1.5 inches smaller . Maybe I just got a pair that was a mistake . They look good and are of high quality just too small .
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 Bought these because I thought Hillfiger had a quality name . Find that these wear great for a few months but then start to seperate at the seams . For between $ 14.00 and $ 18.00 per pair they should last longer.My Hanes for $ 8.00 per pair outlast these 3 to 1 .
 My husband loves these boxer briefs because they do not shrink up as much as other brands and last a lot longer .
 I have been buying these underwear since the early 90 's and always comfy to me .
 Very high quality manufacture . Most comfortable fit I have ever had . I would recommend these to anyone who wants quality and comfort .
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 This was a gift for my husband and he loves it . He likes it even better than the one he had been wanting , which I was unable to find .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 The pitchfork is just the right accessory to make your outfit look sexy and devilishly fun .
 I was participating in a play when i was told I required a set of guns and holsters . my director told me it should reflect my character and a bit of my personality as well . I LOVE PINK ! so this was great for me . they look really authentic and they even make the clicking noise ! they fit my character well , and i will use them again without a doubt.they came intact and havent broken after constant -LRB- and sometimes rough -RRB- use over three or four months . these are great ! ever little cowgirl should have some !
 I got this for my 4 year old because she wanted to play with her daddy . the guns are fine but the belt was huge still she has funn using ti for dress up it was a good buy .
 I did n't expect the quality to be this good at this price . The lenses eventually became loose and the frame cracked after long time use and constant heat in the car .
 Bought these because I thought Hillfiger had a quality name . Find that these wear great for a few months but then start to seperate at the seams . For between $ 14.00 and $ 18.00 per pair they should last longer.My Hanes for $ 8.00 per pair outlast these 3 to 1 .
 My husband loves these boxer briefs because they do not shrink up as much as other brands and last a lot longer .
 I have been buying these underwear since the early 90 's and always comfy to me .
 Very high quality manufacture . Most comfortable fit I have ever had . I would recommend these to anyone who wants quality and comfort .
 This is a great travel skirt - it does run large - so either keep to your true size or order down one size . The fabric is great , should wash well and dry quickly - the color goes with most everything - the length is good for my older age - not too short , but cool enough on hot days .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 At the price , you already know this is a low end bra . It is really a bare bones bra , -LRB- no elastic or padding , underwires , lace , etc. -RRB- . But it is durable , washable in hot water . If you want to go and mud wrestle , you will want to wear this bra . I am giving it 5 stars because it is worth every penny of its low cost .
 I purchased 2 of these and they work great . The only improvement I would suggest is if the manufacturers could quite the mechanism down a bit ... it is not loud , but not as quiet as I think it should be . Other than that , the images are clearly defined and fill the entire room with articulate imagery . I really like these !
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 This toy is great with all of its features , but one thing not so good is that you can only talk to people within 2 miles . Maybe you could make the distance farther . But everything else is SUPER !!!!
 This was a fun toy for my girls for the first 2 weeks and now I have n't seen either of them even pick it up .
 To a child who has a cellphone this toy is `` way below '' but to a child who is not allowed a cell phone until they really need one -LRB- need and want are not the same-sorry -RRB- this is great . And if it is n't I 'll right back . Remember : No REAL cellphones!COOL - NO FEESFun ad-ons
 My Friend and I both have a chatnow . The features are very cool . Texting her is my favorite part , you can even add a little flair by adding a smilie face . How ever , the chat features are very close to a walkie talkie . You hold down the talk button and talk . Sometimes the call comes out very clear and easy to hear , but other times the connection is fuzzy and you ca n't hear a simple `` Hello ? '' The coulers are very cute too . I wish some of my other peers had them too , but all of the toy shops in London are sold out !!
 This toy is very cool . Now kids can talk to each other without using a real cell phone . My friends and I on the street use them all of the time . when it 's time to stop playing outside we all talk to each other on our chatnow . I suggest you get one .
 the toy is like buying a cellphone with no SAR !! the is the best toy ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I got this ChatNow for my 8 year old daughter for Christmas . We have not tested the 2 mile range but I 'm quite sure we 'd find what most have -- that you 'd be lucky to get a few blocks away , if that . I 've had this same experience with `` real '' FRS so no surprise there . What we have been using it for is this -- I pick my daughter up from school . She wanted to be able to walk by herself to the car instead of me coming up to the door like all the `` little '' kids . I felt better being able to communicate with her from school just to outside at my car . She calls me every day when school lets out -LRB- or text messages me which she loves ! -RRB- and I let her know I 'm at school and where my car is . Any time I am dropping her off somewhere and picking her up , we use the phones so she knows I 'm outside waiting for her . She loves it . She feels very grown up . I do n't have cellular bills to pay and everybody 's happy . For our limited usage , we have really enjoyed the `` phones . '' I would never buy an 8 year old a cell phone and especially for this limited purpose . It 's a shame the range is n't greater , because I 'm sure she 'd love to use it with her friends , but they are all too far away to even try it . The displays on our units are very clear and although the picture quality is severly lacking , you can tell who it is in the picture at least . For a toy , I was impressed with the features of it . It 's really a shame so many were so disappointed with this product , and I do agree that Hasbro was very misleading with the expections of the toy .
 These chatnow communicators are worth most of the money , however , the digital pictures do n't come out right and they only work two miles away and you can only to talk to someone who has one - much less has one that must be turned on to get through . The rest of the features are really worth it.The calling is pretty fun but you have to hold the talk button located on the side of the phone . Even at that , if you covered the button with your thumb while you press it , then passers-by probably would n't think so much of it as being a toy `` walkie-talkie '' but more of a large cellphone.The texting is fun , but is confusing to write and read for my family . Even I sometimes have trouble reading or writing the text , but it 's pretty fun . I also like to customize the ringtone , text alerts , and screensavers.This is why I think this phone is worth it .
 Chat-Now communicators are GREAT ! I 'm 13 and I like it ! I bought a set for me and my little brother because
 Get this chat now as sson as possible . Does your parents work less than two miles away from u ? I f they do get this NOW and always keep in touch !!!
 Wait a minute people why buy this now ? Hasbro might come out with ChatNow communicators Color ! remember how they came out with video now i was like naw black and white and now they have video now color and xp so i actually have one wait and see because ChatNow might have color just like first was video now then video now COLOR now XP do n't buy ChatNow yet but i do n't know i really write to hasbro and tell them to Make ChatNow colors!support this reveiw ! 1
 I have a very sad 6 year old grandaughter who wanted me to buy her a chat now flip phone I can not get it anywhere including the internet . I wish there was someone who could help me her birthday is next friday January 20th . Tired grandmother who ran from store to store today . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is perhaps the coolest toy I have EVER seen for kids ... bought this for my two children for Christmas , and I play with them about as much as them ... haha ! They are solid , seem quite durable and have just tons of cellular-type features -LRB- black/white dig . pics , text messaging , buddy lists , ringtones , etc. -RRB- . It is great to play with with friends in your immediate neiborhood -LRB- max . range is realistically probably 1 mile depending on layout of your neighborhood -RRB- which is quite alright , since this is only a toy ... but let me tell ya , it is as CLOSE as you can get to an actual cell phone in a toy.Awesome gift for a child over 7 yrs . of age -LRB- I 'd say -RRB- ... doubt you 'll be disappointed with its well thought-out design and functionality .
 Oh my , if you do n't have a cell phone , you can totally use this , it is so cute . You , do n't even have to pay . You can even take gray and white pics , it is so flippen amesome man . You have to get this right now . You will love it so much you 'll want to cry . So please buy it totally man . It is all small like a flip phone . Be aware , you will think your all cool with it dude .
 I do not have this toy yet , but as soon as I see it somewhere in stock again , I 'm buying!I do think this toy has good education value for children and parents alike who love to chat . It gives them the oppertunity to start off and learn about cell phones at no extra cost . Cute too!I still think they should have made this cell phone without the feature of `` holding the button to talk '' . But still this toy can come in handy if it needs to . It only works up to a two mile range , but when I 'm at school I can probobly still reach home in emergencies.I also love to write to friends and family , so texting is my `` thing '' ! At least you do n't have to hold a botton to do that -LRB- rolling eyes -RRB- . The pictures I do n't like , but they do n't matter to me as much as the awsome texting and chatting features ! See , I 'm so determined to find & buy this toy that I just ca n't stop writing about it!Hope it works!CHATNOW ! : -RRB-
 This is a well thought out and feature packed FRS communication device . It 's really quite an ingenious use of the limited nature of the FRS radio band . It was easy to set up and even easier for my 7 and 4 year old children to play with . They have not broken it yet ... 24 hours ? that 's a really good track record for durability in my house !
 THis is the best communication device in the world ! I would totally buy it over anything else !
 I love ChatNow ! It is awesome ! I did n't have much hopes for it since it got a lot of bad reveiws saying it could n't go for 2 blocks . Everyone who says that is wrong ! my friends and I live close to two miles away and are separated by trees , houses , and a huge hill , but we were able to talk and hear each other loud and clear . We can text too . I suggest that anyone who is having trouble talking change their battery if you ca n't talk . the sound is clearer with a full battery . Other things I like about ChatNow is you can customize ring and text tones as well as screen savers . I like taking pictures as well . Unlike what everyone else said , my pictures are very clear . If they are n't , you can go to customize , then contrast and change the lightness and darkness of the screen . Awesome toy !
 THE CHATNOW IS THE BEST WAY FOR KIDS TO TALK AND TEXT MESSAGE AND TAKE PICTURES.I JUST GOT MINE TODAY.AND THE GOOD PART IS I HAD GOT IT FROM EBAY FOR 25.00 . AND I HAD GOTTEN THE FACEPLATES AND THE HOLDER.THIS TOY IS THE BEST THEIR IS SO BUY IT
 The chat now is a good and durable toy but it really should have a charger or something it ran out of batterys in 2 days .
 I ordered the ChatNows on eBay.com and whoever thinks that they are stupid are Wrong with a capital `` W '' !! I love these things I bought them and gave one to my friend Carly , and she loved it too !! The pictures are very clear ! Me and Carly live at least a mile away so we can talk and text message whenever we want ! I take this thing everywhere !! I 'm 14 and I still think these things are awsome !!! My mom gave me a real cell phone for christmas and then I really did n't use it that much because all of my friends had ChatNows and I could n't talk so I kept my real phone and bought a ChatNow ! They are the best !!!! These SHOULD be rated 5 stars but everyone keeps on complaining that the pictures are n't clear and that they should go up to more than 2 miles but I do n't care ! For 1 the pictures are like high-quality and 2 all my friends live within 2 miles so I can talk with them!Thanks Hasbro!Awsome Toy !
 -LRB- ... -RRB- me and my sister love this toy . we love to text each other . I would buy this toy . me and my sister got it for christmas and never stop using it.the photo take bad pics you can not see them but ever thing else works fine . If your a kid and looking for a kid sell phone this is the one for you . chatnow rules
 2 Miles is pretty good for something that you do n't need to pay a bill or have a contract with.For the people who have complained about the 2 Miles not being worth it , well then go spend your money on a real cell phone and a contract!You need to realize that 2 Miles is perfect for these Communicator Phones.Remember this is a Walkie Talkie that is somewhat like a cell phone , but it 's not a real cell phone . So if you want more then 2 Miles then go and buy a actual cell phone.This is a great idea and 2 Miles is perfect ! Kids love this thing!My 4 year old has one and her cousin who is 5 years old has the other half . They both talk and take pictures just fine with eachother and they live at two different homes .
 I got chatnow for my 11th birthday and so far I love it . The pictures are decent considering it 's a kids toy . I like the ability to be able to text message too . I ca n't have a cell phone yet but this is great until I do . I think that kids that would like a cell phone but are not aloud to have them yet would like this product . Even though you do n't have the freedom to call real phone numbers you get two phones in one pack to give one to a friend . I think the fact that you get cool screen savers and ring tones makes it feel like a real cell phone . I RECOMMEND CHATNOW !!!!
 Ithink the chat now is a great toy but i just wish it could go farther cause my friend does n't live only two miles away and it does n't have any value if it ca n't go far away .
 I got this for christmas and it is Awesome !!! you can do so many things on it . Like take pictures . But the way you talk is like a walkie talkie . that 's alright though . If your parents wo n't let get a real phone until you 're older , then get this instead ! chatnow is so awesome !!! P.S. I really wanted to give this 41/2 stars !!
 dont you wan na have a cell phone that you can call people on , text message on and take pictures with all ready paid for and no minutes 2 waste ?? then chat now is the answer !! i love chat nows and i think that they are very popular and something that everyone can all use and be the age of 8 or over 2 use it !! i think that chat nows are very reliable and you can depend on them 2 be there when you need 2 take a picture text message or call someone . chat nows featurte a built in digital camera , text message machine 2 text message other people who have chat nows and to call other chat nows . chat now also features its own 10 digit ohone number , and stores up 2 30 pictures . I think chat niws are the coolest thing !!
 I AM SO GETTING CHAT NOW CAUS IT IS SO TIGHT AND I WANT IT ALL KIDS WILL WANT ONE I AM GIVING ONE TO MY B.F.F
 i seen it on t.v & i went to the web site and seen what it does and of corse i have to say this ... . I want this
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 The Recipient loved it . I heard that the recipient was already wearing it and it fit and he liked it .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Hanes sports crew socks are perfect . The fit is wonderful , the feel extra soft and comfortable . The elastic does not bind at the top . These are the perfect socks for anyone who loves good socks and happy feet .
 There are few joys in life greater than putting on a new pair of socks . These are so soft and the perfect thickness , great for everyday socks in the winter . They wash well and keep their shape , size , and elasticity . The light grey toe and heel and light pink stitching are subdued . I usually switch to the thin ankle socks for summer , but these are my winter go-tos .
 I really love these socks , nice and snug on my feet - does n't leave that weird feeling around my toes ... and , they came so fast ! I 'd defiantly recommend the seller . . in fact I am getting myself a few more packs of these right now ~
 I am not a sock person . I prefer bare feet but in Chicago , IL socks are needed in winter . There is something about these that gives my foot a hug . I was wondering if it was in my head and I made my friend try them on . She hated me because she had to go buy some . She agreed they soothed her feet , gave a comfy cushion , and were not tight or binding at all . Awesome considering I wears a 10 AA and she is a 10 wide . P.S. step mom tried them on and she 's in love too wears a 8 wide
 I love these socks , they are very warm and comfortable . The price is great ! Thank you for the quick delivery too !! Thank you , I recommend this seller .
 I will buy more of these socks . They are very comfy and do n't cut the circulation off . Very nice price as well .
 I am bad about going shoe-less all the time , so I need a really thick sock . These feel like they 'll be around awhile , and without holes in them . Great price for a good sock .
 Never thought I 'd be so happy to get a pkg of tube socks , but indeed I was . Cold came early for Christmas , glad I took 1 pair , wore them 3 days , they wash very well too !!
 I was hoping to find a sock that was n't thick but was durable . These are ok but wish I could find a pair that had more cushion and would last longer .
 These socks are very comfortable , nice thickness , and I bought more . They keep my feet feeling dry , and fit inside the shoes well without being too bulky .
 I like these socks . I love the length of the crew sock -LRB- I use it for sleeping -RRB- and feels good . My only complaint would be that the stretchy crew part is a bit tight . I think it 's probably tighter to me than others because I am sensitive to pressure on my skin someimes . I hope this makes sense . : p
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 I love everything about this skirt -- fit , utility , length , fabric ... everything . I am going to order two more ! This skirt is perfect for travel , work and play . Very comfortable and the pockets work for cell phones or whatever else you want to stash . The length hits at the knee . meaning it goes well with everything .
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Great fit , loved the 3 piece cup , made me look 10 pounds thinner ! Bought a similar product , different brand and have been looking for one in black for awhile .
 I was amazed at the extra room this cup had - yes I measured properly - as it is hard for hefty busted tiny waisted ladies to find bras that fit and are pretty . The lace is strong . The triange in the middle is great for us omega-boobed gals . It really does n't say that it is a 3-part bra , but it is and the boning holds everything in under the arms .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 This is my second purchase of this wonderful swimsuit , so I can have a dry suit on hand ! The skirt is lovely , has enough length to cover what you may not want to have in full view , and yet is not full or flouncy , and is , therefore slimming . The bra has great support , and is also very kind to the smaller breasted woman . What a joy to find a beautiful suit which fits perfectly , and is more conservative ... I am 61 and while I am slender , I am sure past the age of letting it all hang it like the young women do today ! I feel perfectly comfortable to be seen at a public beach in this beautiful suit , without wanting to hide in a cabana !!!! I ordered one size larger than my dress size , as I was advised to do whenever purchasing a bathing suit , and it fits perfectly !! I hope this was helpful ... happy swimming !
 This Item was exactly what I was looking for . The top goes down far enough , when I lift my arms my belly does not show . It also has a nice skirt which covers the bottom area .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 Absolutely delighted with this gown : > exceeded expectations > delivery earliest expected > well made ; lovely fabrics ; good quality > great vintage feel to it ; romantic ; floaty ; dreamy and classy > the back lacing ; as well as looking good , makes for flexibility in sizing . My concern was that the small size would n't be small enough . With the laces to tighten , it was perfect for an English size 8/10 . > the subtle shades of colour enhance the gown and its unique , dreamy , understated style.All in all , a very satisfied customer .
 This dress is so beautiful , a gorgeous ivory colour , floaty material and such a romantic vintage style dress . Perfect for garden parties or even a ball.I found it to be lovely and slimming across the hips and thighs , with the details on teh dress distracting from any little imperfections some of us ladies like to hide!Can ' t really wear this dress with stockings as the static does n't bode well for the floaty material , so a good exfoliation and moisturise is essential for this number . Then just put on some strappy sandals and tuck a flower in your hair , and wait for the men to swoon = o -RRB-
 I bought two of these suitcases and have used them several time a year for 4 years . Unfortunately the fastenings on the divider broke and I had the case repaired . The repair did n't last and Samsonite gave me a full refund to buy a new case
 I have been taking few trips so far . To maneuver the case is the best when the space are limited . It is easy to roll , drag . It is a good piece . I highly recommend the case .
 Absolutely delighted with this gown : > exceeded expectations > delivery earliest expected > well made ; lovely fabrics ; good quality > great vintage feel to it ; romantic ; floaty ; dreamy and classy > the back lacing ; as well as looking good , makes for flexibility in sizing . My concern was that the small size would n't be small enough . With the laces to tighten , it was perfect for an English size 8/10 . > the subtle shades of colour enhance the gown and its unique , dreamy , understated style.All in all , a very satisfied customer .
 This dress is so beautiful , a gorgeous ivory colour , floaty material and such a romantic vintage style dress . Perfect for garden parties or even a ball.I found it to be lovely and slimming across the hips and thighs , with the details on teh dress distracting from any little imperfections some of us ladies like to hide!Can ' t really wear this dress with stockings as the static does n't bode well for the floaty material , so a good exfoliation and moisturise is essential for this number . Then just put on some strappy sandals and tuck a flower in your hair , and wait for the men to swoon = o -RRB-
 Excellent product . To bad that it is not available in Grey . The comfort is much better than higher priced underwear . Delivery was as promised ; quick . Champion Boxer Brief 2 Pack u437Champion Boxer Brief 2 Pack u437
 I have wanted to get a money clip for a while - to replace my bloated leather wallet . This is a great quality , great looking clip , that still holds several credit cards/frequency cards
 Very stylish , works well and looks good . The leather and construction feel solid , the wallet has held up for about 8 months now , it is starting to get a nice worn in feeling
 Absolutely delighted with this gown : > exceeded expectations > delivery earliest expected > well made ; lovely fabrics ; good quality > great vintage feel to it ; romantic ; floaty ; dreamy and classy > the back lacing ; as well as looking good , makes for flexibility in sizing . My concern was that the small size would n't be small enough . With the laces to tighten , it was perfect for an English size 8/10 . > the subtle shades of colour enhance the gown and its unique , dreamy , understated style.All in all , a very satisfied customer .
 This dress is so beautiful , a gorgeous ivory colour , floaty material and such a romantic vintage style dress . Perfect for garden parties or even a ball.I found it to be lovely and slimming across the hips and thighs , with the details on teh dress distracting from any little imperfections some of us ladies like to hide!Can ' t really wear this dress with stockings as the static does n't bode well for the floaty material , so a good exfoliation and moisturise is essential for this number . Then just put on some strappy sandals and tuck a flower in your hair , and wait for the men to swoon = o -RRB-
 The Kodiac is a rugged , well made , good looking hat which i like very much .
 I was searching for an Indi-type hat with a wider brim for an upcomming vacation . This hat worked out perfect ! It is a very durable , good looking hat .
 Good quality -- holds up well in the wash -- does not shrink easily ! I would buy it again ! The shirt is soft to the touch on your kids skin too !
 Nice quality for the price . True to color . I was looking for a red polo everywhere for my 18 month old and this did the trick .
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 I bought 3 of these -LRB- in black , red , and blue trim -RRB- so that my husband , dog and I had a tote for our things when we travel . These are a great size and are so sturdy ! They travel nicely and hold just about anything . We 've recently started to use them for our grocery purchases . Forget those wimpy plastic bags for canned goods and heavy items . These hold tons of stuff and are easy to carry upstairs . I love them -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- .
 Absolutely delighted with this gown : > exceeded expectations > delivery earliest expected > well made ; lovely fabrics ; good quality > great vintage feel to it ; romantic ; floaty ; dreamy and classy > the back lacing ; as well as looking good , makes for flexibility in sizing . My concern was that the small size would n't be small enough . With the laces to tighten , it was perfect for an English size 8/10 . > the subtle shades of colour enhance the gown and its unique , dreamy , understated style.All in all , a very satisfied customer .
 This dress is so beautiful , a gorgeous ivory colour , floaty material and such a romantic vintage style dress . Perfect for garden parties or even a ball.I found it to be lovely and slimming across the hips and thighs , with the details on teh dress distracting from any little imperfections some of us ladies like to hide!Can ' t really wear this dress with stockings as the static does n't bode well for the floaty material , so a good exfoliation and moisturise is essential for this number . Then just put on some strappy sandals and tuck a flower in your hair , and wait for the men to swoon = o -RRB-
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 Ihave had this mirror for decades and was delighted to see that I could give this as a gift . So pleased this is still availble ! Great for travelling .
 I have had this mirror for many years , and it is the perfect mirror at home and for travel . Small , compact , good image , and best of all , hands free ! It took a long time before I found the exact replacement for the one I had . I would recommend it for anyone for putting on makeup with ease , and also for seeing the back of your head to make sure your hair is combed .
 For years I have used this mirror and was distressed when it wasleft in a hotel.Amazon -LRB- bless them -RRB- had the same one so , I will travel happilyagain .
 When staying in a hotel I would have to use a hand mirror to see the back of my hair through the blow drying process . I purchased this product and I affixed it to a picture in the bathroom and it worked very well . I highly recommend this to anyone that ca n't attach anything permanent to a wall .
 Absolutely delighted with this gown : > exceeded expectations > delivery earliest expected > well made ; lovely fabrics ; good quality > great vintage feel to it ; romantic ; floaty ; dreamy and classy > the back lacing ; as well as looking good , makes for flexibility in sizing . My concern was that the small size would n't be small enough . With the laces to tighten , it was perfect for an English size 8/10 . > the subtle shades of colour enhance the gown and its unique , dreamy , understated style.All in all , a very satisfied customer .
 This dress is so beautiful , a gorgeous ivory colour , floaty material and such a romantic vintage style dress . Perfect for garden parties or even a ball.I found it to be lovely and slimming across the hips and thighs , with the details on teh dress distracting from any little imperfections some of us ladies like to hide!Can ' t really wear this dress with stockings as the static does n't bode well for the floaty material , so a good exfoliation and moisturise is essential for this number . Then just put on some strappy sandals and tuck a flower in your hair , and wait for the men to swoon = o -RRB-
 Great little outfit to wow your man ! No complaints on this end . The dress was def a `` mini '' and very very sexy !
 Absolutely delighted with this gown : > exceeded expectations > delivery earliest expected > well made ; lovely fabrics ; good quality > great vintage feel to it ; romantic ; floaty ; dreamy and classy > the back lacing ; as well as looking good , makes for flexibility in sizing . My concern was that the small size would n't be small enough . With the laces to tighten , it was perfect for an English size 8/10 . > the subtle shades of colour enhance the gown and its unique , dreamy , understated style.All in all , a very satisfied customer .
 This dress is so beautiful , a gorgeous ivory colour , floaty material and such a romantic vintage style dress . Perfect for garden parties or even a ball.I found it to be lovely and slimming across the hips and thighs , with the details on teh dress distracting from any little imperfections some of us ladies like to hide!Can ' t really wear this dress with stockings as the static does n't bode well for the floaty material , so a good exfoliation and moisturise is essential for this number . Then just put on some strappy sandals and tuck a flower in your hair , and wait for the men to swoon = o -RRB-
 Absolutely delighted with this gown : > exceeded expectations > delivery earliest expected > well made ; lovely fabrics ; good quality > great vintage feel to it ; romantic ; floaty ; dreamy and classy > the back lacing ; as well as looking good , makes for flexibility in sizing . My concern was that the small size would n't be small enough . With the laces to tighten , it was perfect for an English size 8/10 . > the subtle shades of colour enhance the gown and its unique , dreamy , understated style.All in all , a very satisfied customer .
 This dress is so beautiful , a gorgeous ivory colour , floaty material and such a romantic vintage style dress . Perfect for garden parties or even a ball.I found it to be lovely and slimming across the hips and thighs , with the details on teh dress distracting from any little imperfections some of us ladies like to hide!Can ' t really wear this dress with stockings as the static does n't bode well for the floaty material , so a good exfoliation and moisturise is essential for this number . Then just put on some strappy sandals and tuck a flower in your hair , and wait for the men to swoon = o -RRB-
 The magnifier seems -LRB- I just received it -RRB- to be pretty durable . The magnifier is lightweight and has a nice flashlight feature . The lens is of decent quality with minimal distortion . It would be nice if the lens had an anti-glare coating to reduce the glare from overhead lighting . This is a problem if you wear glasses . I do n't recommend using this for extended periods of time for reading . Good for travel .
 This is the perfect birthday present for that not-so-good woman -LRB- and we all know at least one of those -RRB- ... . Helps if you 're a size 4-6 as my recipient is -LRB- so it does n't have to stretch too much -RRB- . It can turn any attractive lady into a Goddess !!!! -LRB- It so happens that I gave this to a lady who already is one ... -RRB-
 well ... I ca n't say much more than my husband loves it . If it works for him then I 'm happy in more ways than one .
 I love this dress , it looks great on my girl , very sexy !! But it could be a hair longer , she wo n't go out in it , shows a little too much cheek even for night life
 This dress made up part of my gf 's xmas gifts as she loved the way it looked on the model . It 's now her fav dress to go clubbing in , and 2 of her friends have even bought one too as they loved the way it looked on her . My gf is 5 ' 4 - 5 ' 5 and it 's just a perfect fit . It 's extremely short yes -LRB- just covers my gf 's butt -RRB- , but that 's obvious from the picture - so you ca n't complain really , can you ?! It 's nice and clingy but does show off thong and panty lines too much but my gf is quite confident so she just goes without u/w , but as long as you take care when exiting cars , and not bending over etc. then this is n't a problem . Looks awesome with a pair of heels and sparkly bling , too !! So to sum up : - If you are not confident or of faint heart then you should n't really be in this section at all should you ??? It 's not for you.Quality is good ` ish and delivery time is quite fast too . Not bad value but would n't pay full price . If you are after that cheap lbd mini-dress and daring to bare then it 's a lovely buy . If you are not confident enough to wear out then I guess its a sexy little addition to the bedroom . Or both , in our case !
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Great fit , loved the 3 piece cup , made me look 10 pounds thinner ! Bought a similar product , different brand and have been looking for one in black for awhile .
 I was amazed at the extra room this cup had - yes I measured properly - as it is hard for hefty busted tiny waisted ladies to find bras that fit and are pretty . The lace is strong . The triange in the middle is great for us omega-boobed gals . It really does n't say that it is a 3-part bra , but it is and the boning holds everything in under the arms .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 After looking for many years for the best travel pajamas , I 've finally found them.I recently ordered the Cocoon silk pajama set -LRB- short-sleeved top plus shorts -RRB- and was absolutely delighted with the quality . In fact , I like them so much I 've ordered a second pair.Not only do they fold up into a tiny , nearly weightless bundle smaller than your fist , but they are really comfortable . Also , they look presentable enough so if -LRB- God forbid ! -RRB- there was a fire at your hotel in the middle of the night you could run outside in them without totally embarrassing yourself.Real silk is so wonderful when you travel , too . You can wash it out in the sink , roll it up in a towel and it 's always dry by morning . Plus , it feels luxurious , keeps you warm when it 's cold and keeps you cool when it 's hot -LRB- I 'm not sure how one fiber can do all this but , in my experience , it 's true -RRB- . These PJs are a tad pricey but I do n't expect to have to buy any more for quite a while . I 'm getting ready to go on a nine-day trip and I 'm only taking two pair -LRB- one to wear and a spare -RRB- since I can wash them out so easily.The women 's PJs come in royal blue , saffron yellow , bright coral and off-white -LRB- although I did n't see the coral color offered on Amazon and had to call the maker , Cocoon Design Salt , to get them -RRB- . The off-white ones are a little bit see-through , so I opted for blue and coral.If anyone is looking for the perfect gift for someone who travels and who has everything , this is it .
 This bib is great as a novelty item , but its not very durable . Seeing as how it was bought more as a gift to make the father of the baby smile , it has done its job . I would buy this again if the next new father or mother is a bruins fan as well .
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 I was not sure I can buy an inexpensive bag that was this great . I like this bag very much . If you buy this bag you will be very satisfied . The sneakers separator is great , it has plenty of pockets and it is very convenient . This is a must have . Do n't waste your money on a more expensive bag , this one will do .
 After reading the reviews I purchased this bag . It is great . Lots of room and nice size . The cup holder only fits a slimmer bottle which is why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars . The bag is great quality and I 'm sure it will last a long time .
 This bag is the perfect size for my wife . It holds everything in exceptionally well conceived compartments and still fits in the lockers at her gym . She could n't be more pleased .
 So for the first time in my life I purchased a gym bag . Not that I do n't work out . I do , almost every day . I 've just always used free bags -LRB- from the gym , Sports Illustrated , etc. -RRB- . Never again ! This bag is AWESOME ! It 's got pockets for everything
 Have been using this bag almost a year . The wet pouch has never leaked . Zippers always work . Material durable . Bathing suit/swim cap in wet pouch , shoes in slot , shorts and shirt in main pouch , and misc in side zippers . A person may need a bigger bag if they are extra large or bigger . Also if they want to fit more stuff than I mentioned .
 I love this bag . Just the right size for my mt biking gear and the compartment for the shoes is a huge plus since they 're muddy half the time anyhow after a ride . Keeps my other gear clean like my work clothes when I change after work . Has 3 pockets on it for storing tubes , shock pump , CO2 cartridges , and any other typical cycling gear . My clothes and helmet fit in the main compartment w / ease . I was able to fit 2 pair of shoes in the shoe pocket . Cycling shoes and sandals so that way I do n't have to wear my work/dress shoes after the ride.I had ordered the orange/grey bag and they sent me the all black one . Not worth going though the trouble to exchange though .
 Very spacious , the shoe pocket is cool too . Mesh is helpful.The only things to watch out for -LRB- and this does not stop me from using the bag -RRB- 1 . The water bottle mesh
 This Is a well made gym bag , bottle included , many compartments.Zippered wet pocket for shoes or wet items.Made of strong material also has padded shoulder and grab handle .
 Good sturdy medium size duffle . I thought I ordered a green one - but it came in blue . Bought it as a gift and he loves it !
 I use this bag to put my gym clothes and shoes in so I can hit the gym on the way home from work . It would fit a towel and shower kit . I like the water bottle holder on the outside - I keep my refillable water bottle there so I always have a water bottle at the gym . The separate shoe pocket is great , but it does fill some of the inside of the bag so it does not give you any extra space . It does give you a place to put your shoes so they will not touch your clothes and get them dirty . The handle on one end of the bag makes it easy to slide in and out of the storage box at my gym . Small enough so it fits nicely on the floorboard of my car behind the driver/passenger seat . Two small pockets on one side are great for keys , cell phone , and mp3 player . Happy with my new gym bag .
 My husband had one of these in black and it survived 5 years of abuse . The separate pouch for shoes is really helpful and the external water bottle holder come in very handy . I bought him a replacement for his birthday . Great product .
 Five stars ... not perfect , but worth five stars . What is not perfect about this ... you say ??? The shoes -LRB- in my case -RRB- need to be inserted before the contents of the bag , otherwise the shoes are a pain to get in . I have adapted and the bag is great . Looks good , holds what I need -LRB- including a water bottle -RRB- and seems to be made very well .
 Updated 2013-02-09
 The Sport Duffel Met my expectations , you may need something bigger , but if you are well organized , will have no problem , The Duffel should come with a hook on a top handle , which initially saw no use , but gently place a hook for keys is wonderful place ... it is comfortable to transport the three alternatives to handle , highly recommended , good product
 I 've had the duffle for about a month and it 's been the best bag I 've ever used . It fits easily into my locker at the gym , and it holds all my gear , with plenty of space in the pockets for toiletries , iPod , and other gear . The shoe compartment is good but not overly roomy , so it 's difficult to put both shoes and sweaty clothes in the vented pocket . Overall , though , the bag is a great size and an excellent deal for the price .
 I have been a gym goer or part of athletics all of my life , using various bags for numerous activities , this bag rates atop the list of perfect bags . The size is great for the gym for basic work outs , dance , or even sports ! fits all but bats -LRB- soccer balls volley balls gloves -RRB- . I am able to carry a change of clothing , extra shoes , towel , toiletries , personal effects and still have room for more . The bottle that came with the bag , although not what I generally use , is still a great addition for a simple tip and squirt , however the holder works fine for every water bottle I own . The straps are sturdy and the material thick . I love it . I just got this bag so will update my review ... if needed . Thumbs way way up . I received the bag packaged well , in plastic , and paper . It arrived in perfect timing and earlier than I expected .
 I rate this duffle highly although I do have some reserve comments :1 . Overall , bag is a bit on the small size . If you have big feet , the shoe pocket is too small .2 . A bit difficult to get the waterbottle into the pocket due to the tight elastic on the pocket . May require two hands .3 . For the size of the bag , it 's on the heavy size , but that 's due to the thick canvas that is used.However the bag is of a beefy contruction and should last a long time . Plenty of pockets . Massive pad for the shoulder strap . Elastic cord on top to attach towels . Better yet , it 's still in production . NIKE made a neat Team Training II duffle bag with waterbottle pocket but it 's been discontinued and impossible to find anymore - even worldwide . Can never figure out why these companies discontinue products with great features . But this High Sierra bag is still available many years after initial production .
 It is really good duffel . I can suggest it to anybody who likes the pretty and useful things . I enjoy it very much , thank you .
 My 11 month old little guy will be dressed up as Elvis this year and this costume is pretty much IT . Great color , sizing is right -LRB- a little tight in the rise but doable -RRB- and totally cute . Now if only I can get him to wear the Elvis glasses ...
 This is one of the best looking and most durable jean jackets I have ever seen . The color , fit , and look of this jacket is perfect . I removed the `` belt '' on the back of the jacket because I did n't really like it , but other than that , this jacket is one great jean jacket for an amazing price . Thanks again amazon !!!
 Exactly as pictured . Kind of expensive , but just what my son wanted and he loves it . Made it to my door in a few days .
 This sportswear is very good for daily or sport . It has a very excellent design , and the material is comfortable and durable . It 's waterproof is also very good , no water inside in a rain . I like columbia very much!The only thing I feel dispointed is its color .
 I was so worried about receiving this dress in the mail . I was looking for a sexy club outfit not just some lingerie . Boy oh boy this dress was one hell of a pleasant surprise !!! If you have an hour glass figure this dress will make you look like a hot fox . Note of caution to some women !!!!! This dress in my opinion is not for someone who is n't fond of their back . If you have flaps or rolls this dress will expose them . You ca n't hide them with the upper strap which is connected to the dress . This item takes very well to a strapless bra and you need to find the right underwear to work this outfit right . =-RRB- I am so excited to wear this out !!!! If you are looking for an outfit that is eye catching , seductive for indoors and outdoors fun THIS IS IT !!!!
 I was afraid this would n't fit me , since I am a L-XL girl . It is the type of material that will stretch to fit anyone , it 's very comfortable , and looks great !
 I really really love this dress on me and so does my man ... I wish I had a bigger rear to make it really pop . . the stretchy clingy material is great for any figure , fitting like a glove , which is why I wish I had more of a rear end ... I have more of a straighter figure with above average size breasts . . I do n't mind that the material is a little thin for it to be a bit see through or that it is short ... I do n't have the guts to wear it outside the house . . too shy . . but who knows . . maybe one day . . the stretchy material is warm , comfortable , and hugs every feature of your body . . the fit helps in giving my body the illusion of being curvy ... love how the dress moves when I walk and play ... this dress is definitely great for showing off your assests . . GIRLS Get THIS DRESS . It 's definitely worth the price :-RRB- !!
 I love the stretchy material because it will fit ANY figure -LRB- curvy or straighter figure -RRB- like a glove !!! The only thing that I do n't like is that the material is thin so it 's a bit see through , and the dress is super SHORT so I wo n't be able to dance in it :-LRB- . This dress is not good to dance in because it 's the stretchy material that likes moving around BUT this dress is definitely great just for show ;-RRB- . Bottom line
 I bought this dress to wear out to Vegas . It 's super sexy and it fits great ! I 'm a true 6 and it fit really well , I would think someone an a size 8 maybe even 10 would wear wonderfullyt as well . It looks classy from the front , but when you turn around you get a nice surprise ! SOOO worth it !
 Yes , it 's skimpy-looking , but hey , it 's hot ! I 'm happy with it . Be warned
 Good price for a dress of this quality . Stretches nicely . It is a bit sheer , wish it was thicker for form fitting . I still wear a strapless bra under it . My boyfriend loves the cut out and the open back . I 've worn it casually tucked in a longer length skirt and with shorts but I have yet to wear it by itself since it is short and for clubbing -LRB- that 's going to be fun and hot ;-RRB- .
 my wife could not wait for this and had it on in minutes!Great for club , great fit , sexy for ladies with a little stomach pouch from kids!not bad fit for 118lb 5 ' 2 '' hot woman.can go with or without thong . great for clubwearoff to the tanning booth for her
 This is a great dress . If you want to enhance those sexy curves on your special someone buy it . WARNING though , she may become pregnant !!!
 Excellent dress for a romantic night at home !! Too sheer and see through to go out with . Women , DO NOT try to surprise your man by wearing this for a night out , you may get arrested for alleged prostitution or indecent exposure . Not to mention the crowd you will draw at your local joint , looking to get a peak , pic , or video to upload on YouTube !!! Just do n't !
 The dress is excellent quality . . -LRB- I just toss mine in with everything else when I wash it and the quality has n't suffered at all -RRB- This dress will accentuate your breasts and butt , but will hide any notion of a waistline ... -LRB- which is good if you are n't intending to show yours off -RRB-
 bought this and loved it , very cute , easy to store , put on and take off ... it is worth the price which is super reasonable the material at first looks cheap , i thought i can wear this out but it 's super short , i thought it would look ok for me since I 'm short but this is super super short , unless I 'm standing at a corner for work , i would n't be caught dead in this unless I 'm in my bedroom .
 Very nice looking dress . The back cut out looks very sexy . One size fits all is true in this case as well so no worring about it not fitting .
 Bought for my girlfriend and she loved it ! Dress is super sexy and quite flattering . Agree with the previous reviewer that mentioned it exposes your back quite a bit but as long as you 're comfortable with that this dress is excellent . Price is great too . Dress is a just little see through so make sure you are n't too self conscious ... I absolutely love the way she looks in it .
 This is one of the best things you can give your wife , mine loved it and promised to make things let 's say hot tonight : -RRB-
 I was looking for a dress to go clubbing in i definitely found it . I Love this dress I pair it with some cute leggings and it looks great , when i first looked at it i was like that will never fit me I am big chested and short but it fits great the dress is form fitting if you dont like your back or mid section you wont enjoy it at much as I do .
 Ordered for my wife . She loved it . Great quality and looks sexy on her . Arrived early . Will order from this seller again .
 This dress is very sexy . It is a bit see through , but it makes the guys go wild ! I personally used it as a halloween costume -LRB- I was a prostitute -RRB- and it was a huge hit . It is comfortable and flattering . I would reccomend it to anyone .
 I think this is a really cute dress , worth the money , it was a good deal . My only complaint is I wish it came in sizes . One Size is a little bit to big , still like it though .
 Nice dress for the price . Very sexy with heels , of course . It would be nice if the back were a little lower . The material is made of the slinky material . It is thick , but not too thick . So , if you have too many bumps that you are worried about ... this is not the dress for you . It is hard to wear panties with this due to the location of the openings . A strapless bra works well with it .
 Awesome . . I bought the dress and wore it on New Year 's Eve party with my guy . He loves it and wants me to wear it again . . it is a sexy dress for curvy women without abdominal fat . Yes this dress will not cinch your stomach or waist .
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Great fit , loved the 3 piece cup , made me look 10 pounds thinner ! Bought a similar product , different brand and have been looking for one in black for awhile .
 I was amazed at the extra room this cup had - yes I measured properly - as it is hard for hefty busted tiny waisted ladies to find bras that fit and are pretty . The lace is strong . The triange in the middle is great for us omega-boobed gals . It really does n't say that it is a 3-part bra , but it is and the boning holds everything in under the arms .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 This jacket fits perfect and is an awsome purchase . Got one for me and one for a friend . This jacket would retail for far more than the price .
 This jacket is cute and comfy , the color is nice and you can dress it down with jeans or dress it up with slacks .
 The item came sooner than I expected and was exactly as advertised . I would definitely do buisness with them .
 I liked the jacket but they run a little big . The sleeves hang down to the middle of my palms and I 'm 5 ' 6 '' . I should have bought a size smaller .
 It was perfect . The lines are great , it 's very flatering , and the sleves are long enough that they can fit anyone given a bit of tailoring .
 I simply love those bulky winter sweaters , but then they do n't work so well with my regular size blazers . This one is neat , because have the option of getting larger size that give you plenty of room all the winter sweaters . It 's excellently made , great for a knock-about with jeans , great for those cool autumn evenings when a coat is too heavy . The colour is accurate in the picture , fully lined and you sure can not beat the price . Tailored well , sharply designed .
 This is a wonderful bra for ladies with large breasts . It is the best I have ever had and lasts longer than three weeks ! It holds up very well after going through the washing machine and has solid straps .
 I agree that the wires are a little longer than most but i also agree that this bra makes you look sleek when you are busty . Somthing that is a must for those women who are small in their underbust but big on top . I have deconstructed bras so I can confidently say this bra has the best of what I look for . Separated cups so your boobs do n't touch eachother , a mid width band at the bag , comfy straps and attractive design on the cup . Almost makes you feel sexy . WOO HOO Enjoy the way you feel .
 I had this bra fitted by `` the bra experts '' at Intimacy because I can never find bras that work if I do n't have them custom fit -LRB- and even then sometimes -RRB- . I always have to pay near $ 100 to get a decent one . The fitter warned me that it takes about a week to break in , but it was one of her favorites . She was right . It was a little tight the first few wears , and now it is perfect .
 I have been wearing panache tangos for several years now -LRB- first a 34J and now the 36J -RRB- . It 's amazing support . I could feel the tension sliding out of my neck and shoulders the first time I put one on . Having the proper fit matters ! -LRB- I do not add inches to the measurement for the band like some bra companies tell you to . That just means it 's going to slide in the back and I 'll sag in the front . If my measurement is 36 , then I order 36 as the band size . Trust me , my back and neck and shoulders thank me for this -RRB- . The bra shapes nicely , not giving you a uni-boob . The underwires never cut into me -LRB- until the bra gets old and it 's time to be replaced -RRB- . It 's affordable compared to the other bras out there for my size . I do n't feel like I `` jiggle '' just by walking , like some other less sturdy bras of the same size I had made me feel -LRB- Freya -RRB- . It 's not the most beautiful bra , but it 's beautiful enough not to feel like Granny -LRB- I 'm in my 30s -RRB- . I have small shoulders , so if I do n't have the straps adjusted right , they will slide since this is a balconette -LRB- straps are maybe a little farther apart on those -RRB- , but as long as they 're adjusted , it 's a comfortable day . It 's not a posture bra , but just having the right fit corrects my posture and helps with the pain I previously had with the wrong fit .
 This bra runs big - and I 've wound up returning it twice just to figure out what size I wear . It 's pretty , and well made - but the cup is sized for someone with more tissue at the top of the breast rather than underneath .
 This is my third Panache Tango bra in about 4 years . I ruined the first one by washing it in the machine and an underwire came out , totally my fault . I bought this one as a back up for my other Panache bra . It remains the best bra I 've ever had . At a 34GG it is impossible to find bras my size in most stores and the one store that does carry it is prohibitively expensive . I 'm so glad I found it here on Amazon.The bra fits like a dream , actually provides support and is pretty and stylish . I love the design and the cups cover completely . The straps adjust to the perfect length and having three closures in the back provides an extra layer of support that I need . It 's my everyday , go-to bra . I wish they made a seam-free one , but until then , I 'll keep buying these .
 It was nice to find a large sized bra that is still attractive . Even after washing , however , I have found that the lace is a bit scratchy . I still like the bra and recommend it , however .
 I 've been wearing this style for almost 6 years . I continue to be impressed with the fit , style , and most of all the LIFT . FF here and this bra has my girls sitting high and pretty like a teenager . Sizing is different than other bras I have worn so I suggest you get fitted at a lingerie store if possible - the ones I 've gone to all seem to have this bra - then order online for much cheaper :-RRB- As another poster said , the bra may seem itchy -LRB- I think it 's more scratchy -RRB- at first , but after 1 hand wash that goes right away . The material softens but retains the lift . Ca n't go wrong with this one - full breasted gals will love this !
 Great looking bra , seems comfortable except that I still need to work at finding my correct size . Looking forward to getting the right one .
 Love this sexy little number . This is my first bra from Panache but I 'm enjoying the wear . The fit is great . I will start look harder at other products by Panache .
 I love how this bra just simply supports and does n't squash me together . The center touches my chest and there 's just a perfect spot for each breast . Very effective and it looks better too than ones without enough space for each breast to be supported individually .
 I wear a 36G and it 's always been really difficult for me to find bras that fit and support . This bra accomplishes both ! And you do n't have to look like you 're wearing your grandmother 's crocheted doilies ! I took off one star only because after a long day of wear , the underwire can sort of chafe your armpits a little bit . But this happens with a lot of bras at the end of the day . If you have a bigger chest , then it just sort of comes with the territory ! And unlike other balconette bras , this one is actually fashioned to fit a bigger chest . No more squishing out of the top of your bra ! A definite must have for anyone in the &#34; boobs have their own orbit &#34; category like myself !
 First off , a couple of the common complaints I found to be true . One , the material is scratchy upon first wearing . Two , there is extra material at the top of the cup that is plainly not enough to warrant going down a cup size . It does not show under nicely-draped clothing , but it might on tight tops.I think in my mind I was conflating the terms balconette , which this may well be , and demi-cup , which of course it is n't . I think a similar confusion may be powering some of the other reviewers ' disappointment.The underwire does indeed go up quite high . This is as it should be . The lace material is opaque , but does n't show everything ; there is a sort of tulle-like material behind the lace to help obscure . I 'm actually a bit disappointed by this , since I was buying it mainly to catch my husband 's eye . -LRB- Which it actually did ! -RRB- It reminds me nicely of the Cacique bras I used to buy before my latest pregnancy caused me to outgrow them , at least as far as looks go , but I do believe this is better made .
 ... my clothes on-line , I hate sending stuff back . It fits !! This was a keeper , and I 'm thinking of getting another , I wear it almost everyday .
 I have been looking for another embroidered bra for quite a while since the wire came out of my former favorite which is no longer made . Not smooth enough to wear under thin tees but great under anything else . May order in black ... many colors available which is unusual in my size .
 I love that Panache bras come in the truly wide variety of sizes . After years of making due with bras that I could buy in department stores , I finally decided to take a chance and order a bra that is my true size -LRB- 34 FF -RRB- . And what a nice change it makes ! Also , the bra is well-made and pretty . I especially like that it does not have molded foam cups . It is light-weight and somewhat sheer . I have already ordered another .
 I am a 34FF and finding a bra my size is a challenge esp . one in as nice a style and shape as this one . An absolutely lovely bra , sexy , quality make , lovely shaping . I can tell I 'm going to own a few of these .
 The past month or so , I 've really been splurging as much as I can afford to on new bras in my new , ` real ' size . So I 've tried out three different brands so far , and my most recent addition to my lingerie drawer has been the Panache Tango II balconette Superbra . What can I say ? It is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn . EVER . Online , the bra does get mixed reviews -- you either love it or you hate it , apparently -- and I 've read speculations that it all boils down to shape , not size . Personally , I am `` fuller on the bottom '' and ever-so-slightly wide-set , and the shape I find my Tango II gives me is outstanding . It has a muted retro vibe going on , I would n't call the shape `` pointy '' like some others have , but it 's not the round look that is so popular nowadays , either . I do n't mind that.My Tango II in ` nude ' was a gamble of a purchase , I thought I might be a different size by Panache standards and I was right -- so it fits perfectly ! -LRB- Note
 I am a busty person -LRB- 38 JJ -RRB- and I have tried different bras all over the place . I had finally settled that this bra was my absolute favorite and best fit for me . I had been ordering it from a company in England , costing me more , plus more shipping and more time getting here . Now that I know there is a seller on amazon I will always purchase these bras through them . I even had a bra fitting specialist tell me that this bra fit me perfectly -LRB- and she did n't sell them in her store -RRB- . It does take about a week for the bra to `` break in '' ... LOVE this bra .
 Love , love this bra.Its hard to find a great comfortable bra for large Brest . This bra offers all the comfort a HH bra can offer and great price and sexy look . . I can now ware tank tops and not have sagging Brest .
 I am a curvy woman , and this bra is just fantastic . I love the underwire as it does n't dig into my sides . The lace adds a touch of femininity to the garment . well worth the prices
 This is a great bra that I 've worn for years . When I became pregnant I needed bigger bras , because my cup size went up so much . I 'm small in the back and usually wear a 30H . I bought this one two cup sizes bigger -LRB- 30J -RRB- than my previous bras , but it fits really funny . Usually as the cup size increases the back strap will get a bit bigger too . But I could barely get this one done up and have to use a strap adjuster -LRB- an extra insert you can add to the strap in the back -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a great bra . Just be careful when ordering a larger cup size , that the back might not fit as expected . I 'd say the back fits smaller than expected .
 This is my favorite bra ! I think it fits true to size . Between pregnant and nursing I 've gone between 30E and 30G . Even up to the G cups it does n't smash you flat it gives you support and lifts . This is the best price I 've ever found for it also !
 It was just what I needed in the color I wanted , this will be my go to seller and brand
 I ordered the 40 F and it fits great . It is very supportive and I love that it fits snugly to my chest . This will be my everyday bra .
 happy with this bra . the fit is a little lose for one breast but that is my smaller breast so i usually have that problem . the boning feels comfortable to me so far but i will wait and see if it continues to feel that way . looks sexy too
 Panache superbra tango II is my favorite . The wire comes up a little too high in middle , but it offers good support and is comfortable which is a hard combo to find in 42 J -LRB- uk size -RRB-
 I am a naturally large busted woman and I love how this bra minimizes and lifts my breast . I am not spilling over . The sizing is a little bigger than I usually wear . but it is good .
 I was fitted for bras a while back and this bra was recommended for me . . good for large busted girls . . lifts and separates !! Good price I pay over $ 50 when I get them from the store ... so this was a good deal ... never thought to check here for bras . . glad I did !! Note to you ladies . . get a professional bra fitting it will change your life !! Not a a department store but find a specialist !!
 I bought this bra for child 's mother during the holidays . G-cup bras are not only hard to find in regular retail stores , but they are also very expensive . This bra was a shade over $ 30 and it looks great . She says it is comfortable and she loves it . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This fits perfectly and looks pretty . The price is really attractive too , for this quality bra I usually have to pay twice as much . Highly recommend this , especially for a fuller figured woman .
 The best fitting bra I 've ever owned . Received in perfect condition and just as described . I Love this bra and will definitely purchase the same product again .
 This bra is so good I wear them everyday to work . I am a 16GG and it is safe to say it is hard to find a comfortable , supportive , and attractive bra . the shoulder straps are wide and do not stretch and they do not roll and cut into your shoulder , and the cup makes a lovely shape and fully supportive . Honestly when I wear this bra I forget I am wearing it ! The fabric does not fade and is very durable in the washing machine.If your a big cupped lady - this one is really worth a try ! : -RRB-
 When grad school stretched out a little longer than I planned , I recently realized that in the process of trying not to buy anything , every bra I owned was seriously stretched out . So what is a poor college student to do but troll Amazon looking for a new bra that was n't $ 80-100 . The challenge was especially prevalent when I realized that it 's been awhile since I 've been properly measured and I 've been wearing the wrong size bra for who knows how long -LRB- since the last time I bought bras I had to deal with what I could find in stock at a department store -RRB- . I found a chart that translated different brands which suggested that I order a 36FF in Panache so I decided to give it a try and the chart was right on with my measurements . The fit is great and I 'm incredibly amused at the fact that I inadvertently ordered one of my favorite bras . My old one , while the wrong size , did last well through very heavy use -LRB- and as a dance therapist -RRB- through a lot of really sweaty days and classes . The fabric is a touch itchy , but having had this bra already I can definitely attest to the fact that the fabric does soften and break in easily.The construction seems to be pretty good -- I have never had any problems with the underwire poking out or protruding . If you are very busty and on a limited budget , this is a great bra for you . It 's very practical and looks nice -- the color selection -LRB- normally non-existent in my size -RRB- is versatile and it 's very affordable -LRB- picked this one up for under $ 30 -RRB- . It 's not bad for support although not quite at the level of some others that I 've tried on . It has a nice secure fit , but I do still feel a little weight on my shoulders -LRB- something that is not related to size , but I usually only have relieved with very high quality/price bras -RRB- .
 Excellent construction and fit , very durable and supportive . Will be purchasing another and will also take a closer look at this lingerie brand .
 This has been my favorite brand and style of bra for years . It offers great support , shapes my boobies well , and most importantly , comes in my size.My only complaint about this bra is that the newer style has a flexible plastic stick located behind the under-wire under the armpit and after a long day of wear that piece starts to stab at you .
 great fit , great support , very awesome . Totally recommend . Only drawback is that it might separate the girls a little too much with certain styles of shirt .
 If you are heavy on top Panache bras are the best ! I was happy to see them on Amazon as the price is much better here . The bras are full cup to hold it all in . If you get the right size for you , it may feel snug or itch a little under the armpits for the first few days . The straps are strong and hold everything in .
 The bra is very nice and pretty . The fabric is stiff and rather itchy until it is washed a few times .
 Very rarely can I find a cleavage enhancing bra that I do n't literally spill out of . . This bra gives a decent amount of equal support and lift for a big busted and small girl . Those of you in the same boat get me . Although I 'm big busted I 'm not a big fan of minimizing granny bras and this one is pretty . The only thing I might change for a tad more support is a little bit wider straps for more support , otherwise it 's awesome .
 This bra is terrific . It 's the perfect bra for the full coverage and no spill over . I only wish they would make this bra in a solid material and then perfect would be the onlly word !
 If have ever had any fit issues , you should really measure yourself and order this bra . Super supportive and every size imaginable available . I recommended it to all my girlfriends and we all wear them now .
 This has wide wires , which are great for me but are not for everyone , just FYI . However , I found this bra SO comfy and did n't want to take it off at the end fo the day !
 I have two of these bras now , one I bought at Intimacy for $ 65 . Here on Amazon it 's under $ 35 , well worth the money . So supportive , comfortable and sexy . Panache is really a great brand and understands womens bodies . I wear it almost everyday , I hand wash it every third use and it looks and feels good as new .
 This product is not sized correctly . Order a size or two smaller !! I read the other reviews , and other people said it too , but I ordered my regular size anyway , and well , it really does run large , especially on the top .
 This is a nicely constructed bra . The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras . I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore . The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts . If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue , then this would be the perfect bra . Having a large frame -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and a large cup size , I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit . Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras , though . Also , in terms of construction , I do n't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi .
 I has recently done a remeasure to find my correct bra size . I thought it was ridiculous , but decided I would try and order it anyway to see if I was in face wearing the wrong bra size all along . This bra is wonderful , comfortable and true to size . It 's like it was made just for me , even though I had never fitted the size before . Well constructed and supportive . I am happy to find a bra that fits me properly .
 This is an incredible bra and I am completely pleased with this purchase . I have never owned a balconette style before so it is a bit different at first . However , the seaming gives superior support and the size is perfect provided you measure yourself first . And who could believe the price . I purchased for $ 28 and could not find a better price anywhere.If you are looking for that next bra then take this masterpiece into consideration . You wo n't regret it .
 Upon being sized correctly at a 34H , I 've stumbled upon the Panache brand . It 's amazing ! Everything 's been lifted !! The girls are secure , and my cups no longer run over with spillage . I 've even purchased a swimsuit with this brand that had built in underwire ... simply brilliant . I 'd recommend this bra and this brand to any , especially those wearing cup size E or greater !
 It 's hard finding a bra when your a 32K , especially a cheap ! This bra is wonderful and supportive . Mostly importantly it did n't cost me $ 70 to feel comfortable .
 I love Panache and I love this style . I have several of these . They give you that separation along with a good lift . I am a 34F in this one and this bra works wonders ! Comfy and attractive . Works well with low cut blouses .
 I now own this is in beige and black , and both are just beautiful . They are supportive , and they fit perfectly . Best of all , there are only two clasps in back , despite being a 44DD size !! Buy this bra . It 's well worth the money you 'll spend .
 if you need a bra for big boobs this is a pretty good one . it 's not the most comfortable , the straps are only half adjustable , which is problematic in a 34JJ but especially at the price -LRB- 30ish -RRB- this bra is well worth it . the shape is good but not great , they are lifted but kind of wide set . the gore is extremely high , but it will contain even the loosest of breast material . the cups are the perfect width , but i find the top of the cup is not always filled out , but a J is too small and digs in to the side breast tissue . the cups are just too tall if you are not full all over . it works and they will lay flat since it 's not lined , but it 's not ideal . the sale price is the perfect price for this bra . if you are short shouldered , this may not work . i 'm average height with very big boobs for my size , and the straps are the tightest they can be . the band runs true to slightly small but stretches enough quickly . if you are a 34 in panache stay in it . the width of the cups is true to size , so i would also keep your panache size in that . good bra , not great unless you like your boobs to be completely covered .
 I ordered this bra for a second time ! There are lots of reviews that say it is very uncomfortable and yes it can be . I make sure to wash it with Downy or it chafes horribly ! I let it air dry and it 's good to go .
 Great bra . Fits well , and gives great support . The only thing i will say is material is not very soft , and tends to be a tad itchy by the end of the day .
 would n't order this bra again , the under wire cuts through the material and hurts my arm pits and the bra itself is very itchy : -LRB-
 I bought this bra to wear under a dress with a square neck line . It worked perfectly . The 38D fits well . The bra is a very pretty light girly kind of bra , which my husband noticed !
 OK , I 'll confess
 I have been wearing this panache bra style for 4 years . I 'm a 30GG to 30H -LRB- UK Size -RRB- . This bra always remains supportive and I do n't get the Saggy Look by the end of the day that I get with my Freya and Fantasie Bras . I have tried other Panache styles and have found that they are not as supportive or flattering . -LRB- However the Panache Tango Plunge is also a winner . -RRB- The thing that i enjoy the most about this bra is that under clothing it shapes nicely and gives the appearance that I am not as large as I am .
 I bought two of these ten years ago , and they are the best . Still good after all these years . And I disagree that they are too roomy -- they have fit me perfectly .
 el unico detalle es el forro protector de los lentes
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 It 's hard to recognize the quality of this pack from the one picture provided . The information about it on the internet is also quite scarce . Suffice it to say , I was pleasantly surprised at the looks and quality upon receiving it . It has one large compartment able to fit school notebooks or perhaps a laptop , one smaller compartment big enough for a large book -LRB- 12 inch x 8 inch x 2 inch objects -RRB- , and a smaller space , about 9 inch x 6 inch x 1 inch -LRB- good for eyeglass cases , tissues , pens or small paper pads -RRB- . The material is a good quality nylon -LRB- I do n't know if it is rain-proof -RRB- , the back is very nicely padded , and the straps for carrying on your back are padded as well , just not so thick as some packs . It also comes with a small case for a cell phone and a smaller case , maybe for keys or an MP3 player . All in all this is a very good pack , and I would highly recommend it , especially for this price ! The only drawbacks are the zippers , which are sometimes difficult to move due to an overlapping material -LRB- which does protect the zippers from rain , and the lightly padded straps.All in all I would give this product 41/2 stars if I could .
 My daughter loves this outfit ! I got it for her for halloween and she wears it all th etime ! it is very true to size and nice and sturdy , not flimsy .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 A perfect sweater for fall , especially because navy has been hard to find this season . Nicely made in Thailand , with 95 % cotton and 5 % spandex . The sizing is fitted , so it 's best over a t-shirt or cami . Would n't work well over a shirt with sleeves .
 Port Authority always makes a nice product , and this sweater is no exception . It fits well . The sweater is a comfortable fabric for the fall . It is light weight ; so , it will not be good in the winter . I bought it in black . It is chic looking . I 'm happy with the way it buttons . It is true to size . The price was excellant as well . Overall , it is a wonderful sweater .
 I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it -- it is a staple of my business wardrobe . Well made , quality fabric , nicely tailored , classic lines , appropriate for a professional woman . -LRB- something that can be hard to find at times -RRB- It should be noted , however , that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely , but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the `` classic '' colors -LRB- lighter -RRB- and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown , navy , camel , red and ivory . It 's still a good value , particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates , but I was a bit surprised .
 Product arrived as described in the product specs . Changing to a different lens or removing the foam liner is no problem.I use these for when I ride my Harley . The foam liner is great as it keeps the wind off your eyes compared to normal sunglasses . I like the slotted liner as it allows enough air in to keep them from fogging but not too much to cause tearing.What I found in the past was that I needed a dark pair for when riding in the sun and then another pair for when it was dark - having interchangable lenses is a great option . Just make sure you carry the lenses with you on your bike.Having the option of using the strap to hold them on in high wind is a bonus as I have had my glasses fly off when riding.I have what some people might call a `` melon '' head , 8 hat size ... these fit fine.I ordered them in black , ca n't say what the the colors look like . The quality of the lens is ok - they are plastic - I have not dropped them to see how well they hold up to the scratch test . If you want a super high quality lens , then you will spend $ 300 + and you should choose a different product .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 I love them , and now I am going to buy the blue pair
 I tend to get that comment a lot when I wear this particular shirt . And for good reason
 This little teddy is awesome . My wife has large breasts which is usually an issue but it fit them just fine and the ability to expose the nipples and crotch means it doesnt have to end up on the floor after 2 minutes .
 Great quality polo . Fits well . Shrank a bit upon its first wash , but still fits well . It 's a good shirt that can go well with a variety of pants . Also it stays cool , as promised .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Chose this rating because the tee is of high quality with the beautiful Grateful Dead imprint . Nicely made Tee shirt .
 my husband had this same shirt for years - it got too old to wear in public . he was THRILLED to get a new one - exact same design . shirt construction & material is good too .
 I love the album Cats Down Under the Stars . It brings back fond memories of the early days of my marriage to my dear departed BabyMama -LRB- she did n't die she just departed -RRB- . So I bought two . One for me and one for her . She loved it !!!! Great music by the Jerry Garcia Band . Graphics printed on an Anvil shirt . Very good quality all around . Would buy again .
 I was very pleased with my purchase of this skirt . The quality of the material was much better than other broomstick skirts I 've had in the past .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 the pants were cute and the person i got them for really loved them .
 My sons and I took my husband to medieval times for Fathers Day , and my 5 year old has been obsessed with the blue knight ever since . He was so excited to get this costume that I worried it would be worn out before Halloween , but it seems to be holding up very well .
 When they mean real Tour T-shirt they mean it ! I have to say they when I washed it ... It shrunk a little so make sure if you want to buy this to make it exta big because it does shrink ! But other then that it is very comterble and Green Day is the best band in the world .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 I was very pleased with my purchase of this skirt . The quality of the material was much better than other broomstick skirts I 've had in the past .
 I only ordered one to check it out . Now I have an order in for 5 more ! Their not cheap , but worth the price . Fits good and built so well.I hunted in store after store for a bra that suits me , but could n't find anything . That 's when I searched the internet and found Amoena bras .
 I 've recently bought my second Transpack single ski bag . I bought one for my wife last Christmas , and after seeing how nice it was , I needed one for myself . This bag is plenty big enough for a pair of skis and poles -LRB- not two -RRB- . It is made of very thick good quality material , and has extra padded in the middle where the binding area is . The zippers are burly , and there are two straps to keep the load secure with tough high quality quick release buckles and thick nylon straps . The handles are relatively long with a velcro closure . There is also an internal zipper pocket for some small stuff , I 'm not sure how I 'll use it but it 's another sign of quality.I 've bought both the 182cm -LRB- for 177cm skis -RRB- and the 162 cm -LRB- for 155cm skis -RRB- , and I 'm thrilled with both . If you buy this ski bag , you wo n't be sorry .
 Everyone fell in love with this costume . It was nice and warm for the rain and snow we had that night . The only problem I had with it was that the huge collar never wanted to stay up , so people had to ask what he was . As soon as I held it up , they knew exactly what he was supposed to be . I tried ironing it , but it did n't help . I think it was just layed down too long the wrong way in the package . Other than that it was great . Most people loved how original it was for such a small age . My son looked majorly snazzy in it ! I almost wish the cape could come off so he could just wear the suit around because he looked so cute in it !
 This costumes important feature is the collar that stands up and the cape . It looked much better than all the other vampire costumes we looked at , either online or in person . However , the material is a shiny velvet type , which you ca n't tell from the pictures . Also , the whole thing is one piece if you could n't tell . We loved it anyways , and got lots of compliments .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 SON BUENOS QUE BUENO ES ESTAR COMPLACIDO MUY BUENA CALIDAD NO TAN BUENO EL PRECIO QUE MAS SE LE HACE TODO BIEN
 do n't know what to say about these Lee jeans other that I have been wearing them for years and they are the same very nice
 I 've been wearing this make of jeans for nearly five years . They are comfortable , excellent fitting , and not bad looking . The price is right on Amazon . I wear them outside at work , sometimes in rough or extreme weather conditions . My only complaint is that with heavy use they do seem to wear out rather quickly . Before long , holes appear in the back pocket area or around the knees or thighs . I ca n't complain , though . The good outweighs the bad , and they are a decent value .
 I ordered these jeans for my nephew . He needs a 28 waist . Sears , J C Penny , and Khols do not carry Lee jeans in a 28 waist . I was only able to find the right size on Amazon . My nephew is very happy with his new jeans .
 I was quite happy to get my jeans on time . The order promptly reached my house . I am pretty happy with my jeans . One day I was searching Amazon 's web site , just killing time when I saw a pop up ad for this item . Few weeks before that I had gone to their web site with an intent to buy the jeans but could n't since it was expensive.Now all I had to do was to click the links to log in and place the order . All was done in a jiffy . Hassle and haggle free online shopping .
 My husband was well please with the jeans . He really likes the way the fit this size is hard to find in stores .
 Heavy duty very black jeans . They are by far my husbands favorite of the 5 or 6 different jeans I have bought him
 Gift for my son and he loves them . Quality material , color and fit perfect.Definately would purchase Lee Jeans again . and would recommend to friends and family .
 These are just what my husband ordered - consistent style , consistent size , well-made . They are the only kind he 'll wear anymore . I ordered Wranglers and learned my lesson .
 These were exactly what I wanted and fit fine and I do not have 11 more words to say . So there .
 just as advertised!The fit is great , the quality is great and the price was right . I would buy these again .
 My husband looks real good in these jeans and the good quality/style holds true to the Lee 's brand . Amazon 's shipment promise of 2 days stands true . THANKS !!!
 since i just got them i cant give an opinion about how they will wear but i can say they fit well and look good
 Lee used to make a relaxed fit style with a little spandex in it that worked really the best but these are 2nd best for work jeans with plenty of room for moving but not too loose in the waist as the next size up would be .
 Lee Jeans makes a great pair of loose fitting jeans for gentlemen who want a slightly more relaxed look to their jeans ; and these jeans are also a good choice for people like me who are slightly overweight . They just plain give you extra room ; and that 's great!The denim is nice and thick ; and these jeans are extremely durable . The excellent stitching helps make this possible . In fact , these jeans last for years at a time without any fraying -- even at the bottoms of the legs . Although they are permanent press , I would wash these jeans with similar colors to avoid any color dye bleeding onto white garments in the wash or dryer cycle.I also like the relaxed , very slightly oversized look on the sides of the straight legs.Overall , these fine jeans by Lee Jeans easily rival jeans made by other manufacturers . Make sure you choose the right size and color for you if you 're using the pricing and availability chart above on this webpage . If you want a pair of jeans with some extra room in the seat and thigh areas , this may be just what you 're looking for . I doubt that you 'll be disappointed.Wear ` em in good health !
 For the past few years I 've been buying GAP relaxed fit jeans and paying well over twice what these Lee jeans cost.The Lee jeans fit me perfectly , are extremely comfortable and sized accurately . I ca n't imagine what else I would want from a pair of jeans.From now on I 'll be ordering my jeans directly from Amazon and saving myself quite a bit of money .
 I bought these jeans and am completely satisfied with them . They fit well and continue to do so . I 've also worn these for almost six months now and they are not showing any signs of wear . Durable , correct fit , and look exactly as pictured . Top that all of with the fact that the price on these is considerably better than I have seen in retail stores and you 've got a winner ! -LRB- And you do n't have to go to a retail outlet and get jostled by the unwashed masses ! -RRB- I now buy as many clothes as possible from Amazon .
 Love the fit . It 's been a while since I bought jeans . And I was nervous buying them online . But they 're true to size . And they have a little bit more room than the regular fit . So they get over my thighs easily
 lee jeans have a perfect fit as always . comfortable and priced low . they wash and dry nicely with no shrinkage and look good too .
 I was one of those people that only wore Levi 's . After trying this pants , I 've just changed my mind
 I prefer to wear jeans which are somewhat tight fit but with loose pockets -LRB- I mean pockets from which you can pull your wallet out without a struggle :-RRB- -RRB- . These come pretty close and since I knew what I was getting , there 's no complaint there . I appreciate the tapering too , since they look tidier , suitable if you are looking for a pseudo-formal outfit . The quality looks good and I expect to wear it for a few years at least . I just wish they come in more colors.I am cutting 1 star since I find the zipper to be not smooth , which is usually the case with most jeans . No biggie , but I have a few which are good and I have to do them justice .
 I just wrote a review about Wrangler Rugged jeans where I also gave a 5 star rating . I am a Levi 's convert , ordered these jeans on a whim , and I think these Lees , as well as the Wrangler Rugged jeans , are great . The fit is comfortable and they seem quite sturdy . Size ran about the same as Levi 's . After 30 + years of wearing the same brand of jeans , I thought it was time to try something else - part of this is probably due to the fact that my mom made me wear JC Penney jeans when I was a kid and they were so uncool I decided to wear Levi 's the rest of my life . Anyway , I finally switched and am quite happy with the decision .
 are durable and worth every penny . We have looked all over for Lee jeans and have not found any until browsing Amazon.They fit is true to size and for a bigger guy thats a good thing . These jeans can be worn for a night out or a day at work , the pepperstone color goes with almost every color of shirt.Highly recommended !!
 My husband is a huge fan of Lee Relaxed Fit Jeans . Over the years these jeans have remainedtrue to size . Lee never take ` shortcuts ' as other brands do . One of the best features of these jeans isdurability . Without exception , the quality has remained the same for many years . If you are a ` fashionista ' , Lee Jeans offers many updated styles.I ca n't think of any negatives about Lee Jeans . That 's been true for the last 25 years of purchasingthis brand . I certainly recommend them without hesitation.I buy these jeans on Amazon . The price is very reasonable and the service is A +
 It is a very good quality jean especially for cold weather in my opinion . I would describe it rather wider , but that also makes it more comfortable ! I believe that if you are looking for an every day , nice looking -LRB- a bit larger though -RRB- and comfortable jean this is a good choice .
 Purchased one pair of 38W x 32L Double Black Lee Men 's Relaxed Fit Tapered Leg Jean.I have a couple other pairs of regular color -LRB- blue -RRB- jeans that are Lee , same size . They fit much better.These jeans are a little too big in the waist & length compared to the other two blue jeans that I have . I have washed and dried them ... but still a little larger . Thought a 36W might be too small for me . I do n't think I can exchange them after washing/drying them .
 Surprised me at this price . Lee Jeans are still well made and wear well . Double Black is really black but to maintain it you 'll have to wash them in cold water . I dry them on medium ... tho low is recommended ... and they have n't shrunk as yet . They fit great and my posterior looks trim and fit -LRB- and is n't that what it 's all about -RRB- . For the price you wo n't find this quality elsewhere .
 GREAT JEANS , CUT SLIGHTLY SMALLER IN WAIST THAN LEVIS , SO SIZE UP . GREAT FIT , NICE MID WEIGHT FABRIC , NOT TOO HEAVY NOT TOO LIGHT .
 The exact size and color were impossible to find in any stores . The jeans are perfect and arrived within a day !
 This order came very quickly . The jeans fit perfectly , even though my spouse thought that they probably would n't . The jeans have been laundried and did not shrink . Will buy these again !
 Ordered the RELAXED FIT TAPERED LEG jeans , received REGULAR FIT STRAIGHT LEG jeans !!! Since I can wear them it 's not worth the cost to return them . And they are quality Lee jeans . But I 'm disappointed in amazon for the ERROR !!! So I bought my next pair of Lees from LEE .
 very good product , nice quality . I m very happy for my purchase and I will do it again.the price was good , delivery speed was fast . nice service . well done
 The jeans look good and appear to be of good quality . I have n't worn them yet , so ca n't speak to comfort other than trying them on , which was fine . I must be shrinking because I used to wear 34L but these are too long :-LRB- .
 I can never find the exact style and price in the stores ! Amazon saved me . I was lucky to find exactly the style I wanted . Arrived super fast .
 The price is unbeatable . The size is correct and it has a good colour . I do n't like the stone wash jean , this is a good jean with a nice colour
 love these jeans . fit is great . Extra dark black let 's me use them casual dress for work . I recommend them highly
 I had bought several jeans , all of them were similar in colour . But this jean , it contained more blue tint . I like it . Regular style and size was enough to move for old man like me . It is not uncomfortable to move .
 i was able to get the proper length and did not have to pay for alternations the price was right and I got them in 3 days
 These fit great and did n't shrink . One of the few brands that really are 3 x 36 length as advertised .
 These fit perfect and are comfortable and look good too . I always would buy Levis 550 jeans but am tired of how much they cost . Lee 's are just as good for much less money .
 these fit me perfectly . i could have gotten them a lil shorter and i was hoping for a bigger taper in the legs , but i love the fit in the seat and thighs !
 I needed black pants for a trip and these were easy to find and fit as expected . I have a hard time finding my rather short leg length in stores . Price was full retail , but reasonable enough .
 Fits just like I thought it would . Great buy . Wish there were more available at the same price . Good Workmanship .
 The pair I bought fit me perfectly ! I have tried a number of brands in the past but Lee seem to be best suited for me .
 They just dont have what i am looking for in the store and believe me I looked for a while . They had the size and they came in a few days , no problems .
 I am sure i look like an overweight old guy in these - but i am those things and given that these are very comfortable - fairly soft for jeans and loose where i need loose . Ditch the levi 's 38 &#34; slim fit &#34; -LRB- really - 38 is SLIM !?! -RRB- and embrace your inner kid in comfortable jeans .
 These were the ones we had been looking for the ones in the stores are not made for the older man they are for young guysThese are hard to find in the stores these daysThank You
 WELL THRE IS NOT MUCH YOU CAN SAY ABOUT '' LEE '' JEANS THEY ARE THE BEST JEANS AROUND FOR THE PAST 75YRS , , ,
 I bought it for my husband as a gift for outside.it is so relax , comfortable and the fabric is very nice.we like the cotton .
 I purchased 3 pairs of Lee men 's Relaxed Fit Tapered Leg Jean , 38Wx30L a few months ago on Amazon . I paid $ 24/pair and free shipping . First of all I always try to purchase through Amazon as they have quality products at very competitive prices and great service . Macy 's were selling these jeans at $ 38 each and did not have my size and color . I have been buying these jeans for the past 25 years . The Levi equivalent is selling for $ 40 + . These jeans fit great and the quality is absolutely the same as Levi 's . I had been buying Levis jeans fro 60 years and Lees for 25 years , so I know how the quality and prices have changed over time . I always wash these jeans in real Hot water and dry them hot so they will shrink around 1/2 inches in both length and width , otherwise this cut is a little to baggy for me . If you wash them and dry them hot a few times they will have a fit between regular and relaxed fit with plenty of room but they will look more form fitting not baggy . The same goes for the Levi 's relaxed fit jeans . Once they are washed real hot they fit great but still have alot of room and comfort . These fit at the waist not below the waist where I like them . I know over the past 60 years Levi 's and other brands have reduced the thickness of the jean material . However , these jeans definitely have the thickest weight cotton on the market these days compared to other brands , same weight as Levis . I strongly recommend you purchasing these jean over other brands that have thinner cotton and cost more !! Also get them from Amazon for a great price .
 the products arrived in the estimated time . All very well in perfect condition . Excellent product recommend it . Reliability and responsibility
 Fifth pair I have purchased . Great product ! Not like the old jeans but much better quality that I have seen with Levi .
 This product is much better made then the same product made by Levi I owned but now is worthless . The color is true and the fit is perfect and not baggy . I tested a leg by wetting it in warm water and it did not bleed any dye which means it is safe to wash with my other color clothing . Obviously this product has been prewashed . The package arrived two days ahead of estimated delivery date . I consider that amazing considering the USPS was involved . Of course I got superb USPS service when my letter carrier decided to jam the package into my mailbox and I had to fight to get it out . Got to love the USPS fine service .
 Awesome price . I 'll probably order more just to have them.Relaxed fit . Absolutely . Measurements dead on . Definitely black . No question about that . Everything I wanted , and they feel very sturdy.Definitely recommend if relaxed fit and black are what you 're looking for in jeans .
 I bought two of these , they fit and feel great . I wear them daily and they seem to be holding up well . I would definitely recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable and durable jeans that is n't too tight as well as not to baggy/loose .
 I ordered three pair of jeans . Unfortunately only one pair were Lee . The Lee relaxed fit jeans fit perfectly , were a perfect length and color . The other brand were missized and a wrong color . From now on I 'll stick to Lee jeans .
 My husband has 36 '' inseam these were perfect . Good pair of jeans
 Good quality and true fit . I will buy another pair in the very near future . I prefer these to the straight leg jeans .
 they fit perfect very good quality , did n't shrink after they were waashed and dryed , came from dryer no wrinkles dryed low heat
 I have been using Lee jeans for many years and will continue to do so . Very reliable , good wear and they LAST a long time .
 My husband wears these jeans quite often and they are very comfortable jeans with a great fit !
 I was thrilled to get these ... can not find in store and they came on time!Lee Jeans Men 's Relaxed Fit Jean , Classic Stone , 30W x 34L
 ... jean for $ 14.99 ! What 's wrong ? One leg longer?NO . They are top quality jeans at rock-bottom pricing . Man !!!! They fit perfectly and look good.I 'll buy six pairs at these prices , instead of one or two pair , every month or two when I need to replace my jeans . Amazon ... do n't stop selling these as I will keep you in business . Plus , I am getting the word out there for you !!!
 this are very good . the fit is right for a guy with an expanding waistline .
 Iam very happy with this pant , good looking , good material and fitI recommend for men , women and kids
 Excellent product , as is specified so ... congratulations . Indeed the product is what I needed , and as well as I said look I found and sent in perfect condition
 very good , comfortable , perfect cut and size , fabrics seems also good for countries with warm weather like ours , i recomend it
 Looking for something with an elephant motif ? Gave this to Gran for Christmas , -LRB- she loves elephants -RRB- . Very well made ... by folks who care about the quality of their work . I would recommend them to anyone .
 This item is so cute . I am saving it as a gift for the future . It is much larger than I expected and I am sure my daughter will love playing makeup .
 I was very pleased with my purchase of this skirt . The quality of the material was much better than other broomstick skirts I 've had in the past .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 I was very pleased with my purchase of this skirt . The quality of the material was much better than other broomstick skirts I 've had in the past .
 We ordered a backpack and had to return it due to unforseen shipping issues . This company absolutely stands on its reputation of excellent customer service making the return hassle free and non-advesarial . When we have additional needs , this source will be our first choice.This is a rating of the vendor , not the item as it was returned unopened .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 I only ordered one to check it out . Now I have an order in for 5 more ! Their not cheap , but worth the price . Fits good and built so well.I hunted in store after store for a bra that suits me , but could n't find anything . That 's when I searched the internet and found Amoena bras .
 I really like these Vanity Fair panties . The fit is perfect and they are quite comfortable to wear . And they hold up well with washing . I purchased several different colors and they all look pretty .
 I was very pleased with my purchase of this skirt . The quality of the material was much better than other broomstick skirts I 've had in the past .
 great for travelling and nice that it is so self-contained at home too ... plus its really pretty !
 Beautiful sweater ; exceeded expectation in quality for the price . Only negative note , I was not informed there would be duty charges COD from US to Canada . An additional $ 21.00 on top of an already high $ 40 shipping charge .
 I really love this shirt because it is extremely comfortable ! The screen print is still extremely visible ... even after several washes .
 I had an excellent experience with this company who is selling this shirt . At first my tracking number was wrong and they got it fixed right away when I e-mailed them . The shirt is high quality !!! The only thing I noticed is that in the picture on Amazon the shirt looks like a lighter blue but it is actually navy blue . That 's good , more true Bears colors !!
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 I have bought this item out of whim and boy am I very satisfied with this product . Very comfy and sexy . Love it when i wear it under a short dress ! And the boyfriend is not complaining . = D
 The wife loves em and I love when she wears em . Ca n't beat the price .
 I 've actually owned 3 colors of these panties , and they are all great . Flattering cut , lace is pretty soft and the construction is durable .
 I like the look of them on my gf . Have no idea how they will hold up but at the price , y not ...
 Sexy light hot beautifully any girl should buy it the only problem with this product is that there is no girl attached to the order meaning u only get the item he heheheh just kidding lol
 These I bought in red , very nice looking , might be getting them in black and other colors . They are a little fragile because they are lace but look super sexy on her and on the floor .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 This is a comfortable lounger in the hot months . The color was a little off , but not enough to be unpleasant . It washes well , too .
 I ordered this robe for my mother , and it was a very nice , well made product . However it does run large . I got a medium and it swamped her . So I kept it , and ordered her a small . The small fit her very well thru the shoulders and torso , but funnily was still as long as the other one . I would recommend it , but be aware that it does run large .
 I was very happy with this product . The size was perfect and itis very well made . I purchased it for several trips I am makingand it will be perfect to pack . The color is great . Over all itis just what I wanted . Thank you .
 I had previously had this seersucker lounger that I wore for over 20 + years until the fabric just gave out . Then I was so pleased to see the same lounger , same colors though in a different arrangement , available . Here 's hoping I get another 20 years from this one !
 The title says it all
 Bought for my Mom.She really likes it and ca n'tfind many like this.She wears long loungers every day .
 I have been looking for a bathrobe like this for the past five years . I love a zip-up robe , I love seersucker and I love color . Here it is and so comfortable and washes beautifully . The price is perfect so imagine not splurging for a robe so stylish !
 This lounger is really light weight - perfect for warmer weather . This is the second one like this that I got since the first one in size M was actually too big .
 I needed this to wear with a sleeveless dress I was wearing to go see a play . It was a good finishing touch to my look .
 Living in Chicago , I often exercise by strolling around windy streets on the North side . When the windchill factor dips below zero , regular jeans just do n't cut it . So , after some online window shopping , I located the Guide Gear flannel jeans and have been a happy customer since.Basically , the jeans have a very thin layer of flannel that adds to the insulating properties . The thinness of the flannel has the benefit of not creating a bulky look . Insulation , however , is facilitated by the absence of any conductive substrate such as provided by stagnant air that exists between the layers or individual fibers . This of course causes a direct conflict with typically fashion trends suggesting thinner is better . The Guide Gear jeans are a happy medium , providing additional insulation with minimal bulk.While the Guide Gear flannel jeans fit relatively well , they are tighter than my other relaxed fit jeans of the same size . Specifically , the leg diameters are smaller . Combined with the flannel lining and there is simply less space . As I have over-developed quadriceps due to cycling and weight lifting , I am probably outside of the norm for which the jeans were designed . Yet , you might want to go up a size if you have muscular legs.The true test of the product comes from actual use . The flannel is very comfortable and provides some additional warmth . Yet , do n't expect to substitute your snow pants with these jeans . Instead , they are great for casual or work activities in cold climates . I have been wearing these in weather that is 0 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit with a reasonable amount of comfort.Lacking any sophisticated equipment to evaluate thermal insulation , I employed the only objective numeric evaluations I could by weighing these jeans and measuring the fabric thickness . These results were compared with those from a pair of Wrangler relaxed fit jeans.Wrangler
 My husband is always cold , so I picked these up , he just loves them , ca n't wait until this winter to wear them again . Great purchase . I 'm going to pick him up another pair .
 My husband love 's these jeans . He does n't have to wear flannel underwear , so he is much more comfortably .
 I absolutely loved the flannel jeans , especially the price of $ 19.95 as well as the quality . I ordered another pair within a week , unfortunately , same size etc , but completely different fit . I had to return them , but must say the customer service people are incredibly nice . They offered to send me another pair .
 I ordered a pair for me and another pair for my dad and I was very happy with these jeans . They look like normal jeans . There is n't anything weird about the back pockets or anything . The only problem is the high shipping so if you can order several or have coupons , that helps .
 I bought these pants to wear running in the winter and ended up wearing them when i went skiing a lot . I wore them under my ski pants and they kept me warm.They keep you at a good temperature , not too cold , not too warm.However , DO NOT PUT THESE IN THE DRYER . I accidently put these in the dryer with all of my other clothes and now parts of the material are melted together . I ca n't wear them anymore because they are melted . I am planning on buying a new ones .
 Hahaha . Really , they 're so versatile . They 're breathable and cool in the gym and oh so warm at night in the winter . I wear them as leggings under my skirt when i go out at night in New York City . NO one notices they 're sport pants . They 're awesome !!
 I just received these yesterday . When I pulled them out of the package , I was concerned because they are so light weight . I ordered them for `` winter time '' running . Tried them on & instantly felt the warmth from my skin . They are super comfortable . I actually said out loud , `` I do n't feel like I have anything on . '' I am ready to take them out for their first run . Would definately recommend & want to order another color -LRB- bought black -RRB- . KC
 I love these pants ! They feel thin at first ; when you pick them up , or put them on , it 's hard to believe that they could offer any warmth at all . Do n't let the lightweight fabric fool you , though . My legs are perfectly insulated for pretty much any temperature above freezing , but they 're also thin enough that if the temperature rises a little , there 's no overheating at all . Like one reviewer mentioned , you almost ca n't tell you 're wearing anything.I can only attest to their warmth above freezing because I have n't yet been running in sub-freezing temperatures , but I have no doubt that they 'd be fine in lower ranges as well .
 I ordered these to wear on my runs in NYC , it 's freezing and my legs kept getting cold . These are the perfect extra layer , so far I have only worn them as a base layer because it 's been 28 with winds , but I 'm sure once the temps go up to 35-40 , I 'll be perfectly comfortable wearing these on their own . I 'm ordering a few more pairs to wear under jeans as well and my husband asked me to get him the men ' s version as a base layer under clothes . Great product!ETA
 This items fits very well and it warm . I wore it on a recent trip to the Arctic , and I could not complain , but the sizes do tend to run small -LRB- a Helly Hansen thing I think -RRB- , so keep that in mind when purchasing .
 These long underwear are form fitting , warm and lightweight . Fits well under all garments , even dress pants . I recommend them .
 Great insulation , they keep me warm but they are so thin I can wear them under even the tightest pants ! I own two pairs and would definitely recommend them , I 'd even love a third in the future . I 've had one pair for at least a year and they are still in great condition , as long as you take care of them they can last you years of comfort in the cold , without adding too much bulk !
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 The Prada shopping tote is a great carry-all with a classy look . The microfiber is light , yet sturdy , even with quite a weight . Genuine leather handles also supports a decent amount of weight . If the bag is not full , the zip closure closes easily . On the other hand , a full bag is better left open - I was n't game enough to stress the zipper . The adjustable strap handle is great - easily portable . The best part about the tote is the sturdy base - the protector studs lift it slightly off the ground and it sits nicely without falling over . Great purchase .
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 Great fit for a hard-to-feet foot !! High quality . Leather is so soft . I would buy again .
 These are wonderful snuggle on a cold day/night pants . So soft and thick . I hope they bring them back . The blanket that came with it is nice thin fleece throw . I would n't have bought the blanket but it is a nice freebie . Great quality .
 I should have bought several of these ! The fleece is so soft and much thicker than I thought it would be . I was worried that they would be cheap , because of the price , so I only bought one pair . Now I keep getting caught by the hubby wearing his . Oops ! Ca n't say much about the blanket , we do n't really use it and I ca n't remember much about it , but the pants are worth the price by themselves .
 Nice quality , warm , pants fit well .
 I bought 3 of these for Christmas gifts . The blankets were a nice size , and the pants were warm and toasty . Very good quality , I would buy these again . The material was very thick , and they were very attractive , not cheap flannel like others I have bought . Of course Amazon had a fantastic price!When these come up again , BUY THEM !!
 I got this about a month ago . This fleece pant keeps you really warm and also the free fleece blanket is simply superb . The quality of the product is unmatchable .
 they are super quality warmm fluffy , nice , seems like deffect products
 First impression was that these seemed a little thin but with the first wash they were much better . On the second wash they were perfect ! I turn mine inside out to wash and they come out great . Medium washes out to be about a 30 length.The green plaid was not what I thought I wanted for color but it turns out that it is a very dark green with dark navy almost black plaid that looks really rich , probably nicer than the rest.Want to stay comfortably toasty without too much heat , then this is your pant . Great for lounging around!The black throw looks a bit thin as well but I have n't washed it yet . Nice little extra though .
 I bought two -LRB- one for my grandson & one for his friend -RRB- , and after they opened them up I wished I had bought a bunch for myself & for gifts . The material was a lot better quality than I expected . I was very pleasantly surprised .
 Other Bandana 's I have bought are `` thin '' you can see through them plus the dye used comes out and has run on my shirt and even on my skin . So many others have done this that I 'm to the point that as soon as one comes in the mail I put it in the sink and wring it out to see how much dye color runs and how many times I have to twist out the dye . But this Trainmen Bandana , I put it right into the sink and wrang it each time and NO COLOR RESIDUE ran off !!! The size is terrific and it 's QUALITY thick cotton . Now this I can get wet and wrap around my neck while in the 100 plus temperatures out here in the desert ! I 'm getting more of these , and If your reading this ... look no further !!! These are awesome ! I highly Recommend them to all of you out there !
 This was the first time I had even seen a bandana so big ! At first i was annoyed by it , but after using it a lot i 've really come around and quite frankly wont go back to the smaller ones.Most importantly this bandana does not bleed ... very much . Ive gotten no ink on my skin however i can see where the black inked has bleed into the white areas . Its a bandana not a polo shirt so I dont let this bother me . Its totally worth the price and is a good quality thick material .
 This were a lot bigger than I thought . I was able to swaddle my one month old in it . Nice to have a few this size to cover my whole head .
 Serves it 's purpose . As described ! Nice and large , so it stays tied on easily . A bit thin , but it 's breathable and not stiff and thick , which sometimes makes it hard to tie the ends .
 I purchased a dozen of another brand of handkerchiefs and they just did n't work out . They were very stiff even after washing several times . I decided to try these since they were a little larger than the others I got -LRB- which I though were big but not as big as these -RRB- Boy am I glad I tried these . They are large enough to put on as bandanas when we work in the garden or at our camp site . They even fit my husband as a bandana and he does have a larger head . They were much softer than others and after washing they were just perfect and felt fine again our skin . We just went ahead and are using they other brand as cleaning rags , they just ca n't compare ot these . They are worth the extra money to us for sure .
 The fabric of this coat is very stiff out of the box . Like good pair of shoes it needs a little breaking in to be comfortable . Would reconnend it to anyone looking for durable .
 I am extremely pleased with this coat . It is well constructed and keeps me very warm . The price was unbeatable and the free shipping was a bonus .
 great product and great service on changing size after purchase . highly recomend this coat . wears good and is warm in windy conditions .
 My husbands had his first Dickie 's coat for 8yrs and it 's worn time for a new one ots a great product .
 This jacket runs a little larger is not true to size so better to order a size smaller than you wear.It is warm and cozy.No complaints
 Should have 8 % of insulation other then 6 % other wise a very good coat it has 10 % of canvas so is not so stiff as 12 % an is lighter !
 I have been wearing the Goddess Longline since I was 15 . The longline eliminates back fat and lifts and separates your breasts very nicely while promoting great posture . I look about 20 pounds thinner ! Though I wear a DD , I have never had back problems because I get the support I need .
 I LOVE this underware . I 've always bouyth them at Khols . I found out today that they are discontnued by the manufact ! WWWWWHHHHHHYYYYYY ? I hate that so much . Just when you find something you LOVE , some ididot decides not to make them anymore.The new style they 've replaced them with are NO GOOD . they are the microfiber type that make your but cheeks bulge out on thee bottow ... like a rubber band is around the top of your leg . I am thin and I have a tough time finding underware that does n't do that.The barely there 2113 were the best . I found them here so I just bought 10 pairs . I hope they last forever !
 WONDERFUL WONDERFUL UNDERWEAR / ALL MY LUMPS BUMPS LINES YOU ARE NOT THERE THANK THANK YOU BARELYTHERE
 I wish these were still around . I LOVE this underwear . It does n't tug at your skin or make any underwear lines , and it does n't ride up . It was the perfect blend of modal , cotton and spandex and SUPER soft . I have bought over 30 pairs over the years , and these just ROCKED in the 8/XL size for when I was pregnant - both times!Bringing these back would be amazing ! I agree with the other reviewers - ugh , who made this decision !? * sighs *
 Thank goodness I can find them on Amazon . I spent ages searching for them in brick & mortar stores . I love these underwear . I 'm a thin , petite girl and sometimes need to wear full cotton underwear . I love these because they fit wonderfully , do n't have any tags or seams , and still look cute .
 Ladies , let 's band together and convince them to start making these best panties EVER again !!! I 've contacted them . Now , you do the same at -LSB- ... -RSB- . We CAN change the world ! Here 's to fewer wedgies and better comfort !
 These are by far my favorite underwear in the entire world ! I feel like I 'm not wearing underwear and never have panty lines . The recommended comps are not comparable !! I am down to 7 pair and am trying to make them last forever ; I wish they were available for purchase again -- I would buy 100 pair !
 This robe is luxurious and beautiful . The pintucking at the bodice is lovely , and the robe flows beautifully when you move . It is warm and cozy ... and the price is great ! I recommend this robe to anyone who wants to be warm and gorgeous every winter morning !
 Despite the wrong address this robe finally made its way to me-the company `` national '' did try to rectify the situation promptly -LRB- to no fault to National-amazon provided the wrong address -RRB- . The robe is not warm or thick but does look very pretty on ! I am petite and this fit very well-if you are larger you may have difficulty getting this on since the zipper does not extend the full length of the robe .
 I purchased this robe for my mother . She is pretty much bed-ridden . She is on the couch most always , and the robe not only is pretty , but very soft , and comfortable for her . And it just happens to be her favorite color !
 I just ordered this lounger in the two colors available in my size . If you like velour loungers , grab this -- I can assure you that there are n't any more of them out there in the shopping world . I have looked everywhere , and no one seems to be making them . I do n't know of anything better for a drafty house in the winter !
 Great fit and true to size and extra in hips make it ease over larger hips if you wear large in pants and medium in tops and gathering at top is great for my narrow shoulders . Color is beautiful hunter green . Very soft feel .
 Lovely robe . Very pretty and soft and a joy to wear ... I would like to purchase more in the future ... Thank you for a great robe .
 My mother is a homebody and enjoys wearing house coats like this . I bought her two of them and they are great ! Only complaint is that they are a lint trap , especially once in/out of the dryer .
 I bought two of these robes in 2006 . I 'm still wearing them in 2011 , and they are still beautiful and holding together fine . I love my warm , lovely robes !
 I am very happy with the robe and the speed with which it arrived . I was able to wear it on Christmas Morning .
 Call me old fashioned . My mother had the most beautiful navy lounger robe that was 100 % cotton velour . I looked everywhere for the exact same robe . I have had robes that are belted . The belts always come undone and the robe falls this way and that . I have had fleece robes that zip or snap . One hot flash and you are madly trying to rip it off -LRB- easy to do with the snapped robes , but they are also problematic because the snaps either pull when you are being active -RRB- or pop . When I saw this robe I decided to give it a try . It looks very much like my mother 's beautiful robe and I am very happy . It is a bit shiny and the fabric is not cotton , so it is n't my perfect robe . However , the style is the perfect style and the price is not outrageous . The robe is warm enough without being a hot flash maker . The size is true to form , the zipper allows you to be a bit warmer or to get a little more coolness and air flow . At the same time it hangs nicely , and remains a pretty addition for morning or evening wear . If you do n't care what you actually wear while IN bed , this is robe is great to make you look better in the am . I would love to see this manufacturer to make the robe in a natural fabric , but one that has the same weight and feel , but without the shininess . Even a Rayon or some other fabric would work better if it were n't so shiny . But , that is my one complaint .
 This robe was correctly sized and the sleeves & cuffs are just the right length and diameter to be comfy yet out of the way . The length on the robe is also very good ; covers you well but not too long to trip on -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' -RRB- . The cloth weight is good and provides just enough warmth worn over a nightgown . The price was better than all the ones I 'd researched . I 'm happy with this purchase .
 This beautiful robe is precisely what I had wanted . It is quite attractive , easy care , just the right amount of warmth , and very comfortable . Thanks Amazon and National for having just what I wanted !
 I absolutely love this velour lounger . I wear one almost every day . I loved them so much I now have one in every color . I also gave one to my mother for her birthday . Shed loved it too .
 I purchased this item for my mother . It was a perfect fit and she loved the dark luminous color . She said the robe felt so soft and warm .
 I bought this same outfit at a retail store for twice as much . . wish I knew it was on sale here ! But I still do n't regret it because this outfit looks soo hot !! My boyfriend went crazy , but it also still covers enough to wear out . Great deal !
 I was so surprised to get this in the mail ! It 's very , very cute and much better made than I had anticipated . I 'm a medium-large sized girl at 5 ' 5 , and 155 lbs , and a large fits perfectly . The material is stretchy and the cut is flattering . It 's very , very short , so if that 's not something you 're looking for , steer clear ... unless you plan on using a petticoat , which I found made the costume look too full . I think some lacy shorts will be enough to `` keep me covered '' this halloween . This costume is wonderful if you 're looking for something sexy , but a bit modest . I love it .
 After looking though tons of french maids outfits , I came a cross this one ... . It is well made and looks even better on ... I highly recommend this item ...
 Very comfortable and feel . No one makes it like Under Armour !
 It 's easy to buy OP t 's and other apparel . They 're consistently well made and colorful choices allow you to wear them with most anything .
 The folks through this process were very accommodating to my needs , thank-you again.Tuxedo Shirt - White Microfiber Laydown Collar , No Pleats
 The fabric of this coat is very stiff out of the box . Like good pair of shoes it needs a little breaking in to be comfortable . Would reconnend it to anyone looking for durable .
 I am extremely pleased with this coat . It is well constructed and keeps me very warm . The price was unbeatable and the free shipping was a bonus .
 great product and great service on changing size after purchase . highly recomend this coat . wears good and is warm in windy conditions .
 This coat is surprisingly warm for its weight . The outer shell is tough and sheds rain pretty well , while the lining is comfortable . If you wash it right away , the outer shell softens up nicely . It has a chunky metal zipper in addition to snaps . The lower front pockets have angled openings suitable for putting your hands in to warm them up . It has a nice big pocket inside suitable for a phone . It 's also about 2/3 the price of a Carhartt chore coat and is a better coat . The zipper , snaps , front pockets and price put it over the top .
 My husbands had his first Dickie 's coat for 8yrs and it 's worn time for a new one ots a great product .
 This jacket runs a little larger is not true to size so better to order a size smaller than you wear.It is warm and cozy.No complaints
 Should have 8 % of insulation other then 6 % other wise a very good coat it has 10 % of canvas so is not so stiff as 12 % an is lighter !
 The fabric of this coat is very stiff out of the box . Like good pair of shoes it needs a little breaking in to be comfortable . Would reconnend it to anyone looking for durable .
 I am extremely pleased with this coat . It is well constructed and keeps me very warm . The price was unbeatable and the free shipping was a bonus .
 great product and great service on changing size after purchase . highly recomend this coat . wears good and is warm in windy conditions .
 This coat is surprisingly warm for its weight . The outer shell is tough and sheds rain pretty well , while the lining is comfortable . If you wash it right away , the outer shell softens up nicely . It has a chunky metal zipper in addition to snaps . The lower front pockets have angled openings suitable for putting your hands in to warm them up . It has a nice big pocket inside suitable for a phone . It 's also about 2/3 the price of a Carhartt chore coat and is a better coat . The zipper , snaps , front pockets and price put it over the top .
 My husbands had his first Dickie 's coat for 8yrs and it 's worn time for a new one ots a great product .
 This jacket runs a little larger is not true to size so better to order a size smaller than you wear.It is warm and cozy.No complaints
 Should have 8 % of insulation other then 6 % other wise a very good coat it has 10 % of canvas so is not so stiff as 12 % an is lighter !
 They just dont have what i am looking for in the store and believe me I looked for a while . They had the size and they came in a few days , no problems .
 I am sure i look like an overweight old guy in these - but i am those things and given that these are very comfortable - fairly soft for jeans and loose where i need loose . Ditch the levi 's 38 &#34; slim fit &#34; -LRB- really - 38 is SLIM !?! -RRB- and embrace your inner kid in comfortable jeans .
 These were the ones we had been looking for the ones in the stores are not made for the older man they are for young guysThese are hard to find in the stores these daysThank You
 WELL THRE IS NOT MUCH YOU CAN SAY ABOUT '' LEE '' JEANS THEY ARE THE BEST JEANS AROUND FOR THE PAST 75YRS , , ,
 I bought it for my husband as a gift for outside.it is so relax , comfortable and the fabric is very nice.we like the cotton .
 I purchased 3 pairs of Lee men 's Relaxed Fit Tapered Leg Jean , 38Wx30L a few months ago on Amazon . I paid $ 24/pair and free shipping . First of all I always try to purchase through Amazon as they have quality products at very competitive prices and great service . Macy 's were selling these jeans at $ 38 each and did not have my size and color . I have been buying these jeans for the past 25 years . The Levi equivalent is selling for $ 40 + . These jeans fit great and the quality is absolutely the same as Levi 's . I had been buying Levis jeans fro 60 years and Lees for 25 years , so I know how the quality and prices have changed over time . I always wash these jeans in real Hot water and dry them hot so they will shrink around 1/2 inches in both length and width , otherwise this cut is a little to baggy for me . If you wash them and dry them hot a few times they will have a fit between regular and relaxed fit with plenty of room but they will look more form fitting not baggy . The same goes for the Levi 's relaxed fit jeans . Once they are washed real hot they fit great but still have alot of room and comfort . These fit at the waist not below the waist where I like them . I know over the past 60 years Levi 's and other brands have reduced the thickness of the jean material . However , these jeans definitely have the thickest weight cotton on the market these days compared to other brands , same weight as Levis . I strongly recommend you purchasing these jean over other brands that have thinner cotton and cost more !! Also get them from Amazon for a great price .
 the products arrived in the estimated time . All very well in perfect condition . Excellent product recommend it . Reliability and responsibility
 The price is unbeatable . The size is correct and it has a good colour . I do n't like the stone wash jean , this is a good jean with a nice colour
 love these jeans . fit is great . Extra dark black let 's me use them casual dress for work . I recommend them highly
 I had bought several jeans , all of them were similar in colour . But this jean , it contained more blue tint . I like it . Regular style and size was enough to move for old man like me . It is not uncomfortable to move .
 i was able to get the proper length and did not have to pay for alternations the price was right and I got them in 3 days
 These fit great and did n't shrink . One of the few brands that really are 3 x 36 length as advertised .
 These fit perfect and are comfortable and look good too . I always would buy Levis 550 jeans but am tired of how much they cost . Lee 's are just as good for much less money .
 these fit me perfectly . i could have gotten them a lil shorter and i was hoping for a bigger taper in the legs , but i love the fit in the seat and thighs !
 I needed black pants for a trip and these were easy to find and fit as expected . I have a hard time finding my rather short leg length in stores . Price was full retail , but reasonable enough .
 Fits just like I thought it would . Great buy . Wish there were more available at the same price . Good Workmanship .
 The pair I bought fit me perfectly ! I have tried a number of brands in the past but Lee seem to be best suited for me .
 I have been using Lee jeans for many years and will continue to do so . Very reliable , good wear and they LAST a long time .
 My husband wears these jeans quite often and they are very comfortable jeans with a great fit !
 I was thrilled to get these ... can not find in store and they came on time!Lee Jeans Men 's Relaxed Fit Jean , Classic Stone , 30W x 34L
 ... jean for $ 14.99 ! What 's wrong ? One leg longer?NO . They are top quality jeans at rock-bottom pricing . Man !!!! They fit perfectly and look good.I 'll buy six pairs at these prices , instead of one or two pair , every month or two when I need to replace my jeans . Amazon ... do n't stop selling these as I will keep you in business . Plus , I am getting the word out there for you !!!
 this are very good . the fit is right for a guy with an expanding waistline .
 Iam very happy with this pant , good looking , good material and fitI recommend for men , women and kids
 Excellent product , as is specified so ... congratulations . Indeed the product is what I needed , and as well as I said look I found and sent in perfect condition
 very good , comfortable , perfect cut and size , fabrics seems also good for countries with warm weather like ours , i recomend it
 Fifth pair I have purchased . Great product ! Not like the old jeans but much better quality that I have seen with Levi .
 This product is much better made then the same product made by Levi I owned but now is worthless . The color is true and the fit is perfect and not baggy . I tested a leg by wetting it in warm water and it did not bleed any dye which means it is safe to wash with my other color clothing . Obviously this product has been prewashed . The package arrived two days ahead of estimated delivery date . I consider that amazing considering the USPS was involved . Of course I got superb USPS service when my letter carrier decided to jam the package into my mailbox and I had to fight to get it out . Got to love the USPS fine service .
 Awesome price . I 'll probably order more just to have them.Relaxed fit . Absolutely . Measurements dead on . Definitely black . No question about that . Everything I wanted , and they feel very sturdy.Definitely recommend if relaxed fit and black are what you 're looking for in jeans .
 I bought two of these , they fit and feel great . I wear them daily and they seem to be holding up well . I would definitely recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable and durable jeans that is n't too tight as well as not to baggy/loose .
 I ordered three pair of jeans . Unfortunately only one pair were Lee . The Lee relaxed fit jeans fit perfectly , were a perfect length and color . The other brand were missized and a wrong color . From now on I 'll stick to Lee jeans .
 My husband has 36 '' inseam these were perfect . Good pair of jeans
 Good quality and true fit . I will buy another pair in the very near future . I prefer these to the straight leg jeans .
 they fit perfect very good quality , did n't shrink after they were waashed and dryed , came from dryer no wrinkles dryed low heat
 SON BUENOS QUE BUENO ES ESTAR COMPLACIDO MUY BUENA CALIDAD NO TAN BUENO EL PRECIO QUE MAS SE LE HACE TODO BIEN
 do n't know what to say about these Lee jeans other that I have been wearing them for years and they are the same very nice
 I 've been wearing this make of jeans for nearly five years . They are comfortable , excellent fitting , and not bad looking . The price is right on Amazon . I wear them outside at work , sometimes in rough or extreme weather conditions . My only complaint is that with heavy use they do seem to wear out rather quickly . Before long , holes appear in the back pocket area or around the knees or thighs . I ca n't complain , though . The good outweighs the bad , and they are a decent value .
 I ordered these jeans for my nephew . He needs a 28 waist . Sears , J C Penny , and Khols do not carry Lee jeans in a 28 waist . I was only able to find the right size on Amazon . My nephew is very happy with his new jeans .
 I was quite happy to get my jeans on time . The order promptly reached my house . I am pretty happy with my jeans . One day I was searching Amazon 's web site , just killing time when I saw a pop up ad for this item . Few weeks before that I had gone to their web site with an intent to buy the jeans but could n't since it was expensive.Now all I had to do was to click the links to log in and place the order . All was done in a jiffy . Hassle and haggle free online shopping .
 My husband was well please with the jeans . He really likes the way the fit this size is hard to find in stores .
 Heavy duty very black jeans . They are by far my husbands favorite of the 5 or 6 different jeans I have bought him
 Gift for my son and he loves them . Quality material , color and fit perfect.Definately would purchase Lee Jeans again . and would recommend to friends and family .
 These are just what my husband ordered - consistent style , consistent size , well-made . They are the only kind he 'll wear anymore . I ordered Wranglers and learned my lesson .
 These were exactly what I wanted and fit fine and I do not have 11 more words to say . So there .
 just as advertised!The fit is great , the quality is great and the price was right . I would buy these again .
 My husband looks real good in these jeans and the good quality/style holds true to the Lee 's brand . Amazon 's shipment promise of 2 days stands true . THANKS !!!
 since i just got them i cant give an opinion about how they will wear but i can say they fit well and look good
 Lee used to make a relaxed fit style with a little spandex in it that worked really the best but these are 2nd best for work jeans with plenty of room for moving but not too loose in the waist as the next size up would be .
 It is a very good quality jean especially for cold weather in my opinion . I would describe it rather wider , but that also makes it more comfortable ! I believe that if you are looking for an every day , nice looking -LRB- a bit larger though -RRB- and comfortable jean this is a good choice .
 Purchased one pair of 38W x 32L Double Black Lee Men 's Relaxed Fit Tapered Leg Jean.I have a couple other pairs of regular color -LRB- blue -RRB- jeans that are Lee , same size . They fit much better.These jeans are a little too big in the waist & length compared to the other two blue jeans that I have . I have washed and dried them ... but still a little larger . Thought a 36W might be too small for me . I do n't think I can exchange them after washing/drying them .
 Surprised me at this price . Lee Jeans are still well made and wear well . Double Black is really black but to maintain it you 'll have to wash them in cold water . I dry them on medium ... tho low is recommended ... and they have n't shrunk as yet . They fit great and my posterior looks trim and fit -LRB- and is n't that what it 's all about -RRB- . For the price you wo n't find this quality elsewhere .
 GREAT JEANS , CUT SLIGHTLY SMALLER IN WAIST THAN LEVIS , SO SIZE UP . GREAT FIT , NICE MID WEIGHT FABRIC , NOT TOO HEAVY NOT TOO LIGHT .
 The exact size and color were impossible to find in any stores . The jeans are perfect and arrived within a day !
 This order came very quickly . The jeans fit perfectly , even though my spouse thought that they probably would n't . The jeans have been laundried and did not shrink . Will buy these again !
 Ordered the RELAXED FIT TAPERED LEG jeans , received REGULAR FIT STRAIGHT LEG jeans !!! Since I can wear them it 's not worth the cost to return them . And they are quality Lee jeans . But I 'm disappointed in amazon for the ERROR !!! So I bought my next pair of Lees from LEE .
 very good product , nice quality . I m very happy for my purchase and I will do it again.the price was good , delivery speed was fast . nice service . well done
 The jeans look good and appear to be of good quality . I have n't worn them yet , so ca n't speak to comfort other than trying them on , which was fine . I must be shrinking because I used to wear 34L but these are too long :-LRB- .
 I can never find the exact style and price in the stores ! Amazon saved me . I was lucky to find exactly the style I wanted . Arrived super fast .
 Lee Jeans makes a great pair of loose fitting jeans for gentlemen who want a slightly more relaxed look to their jeans ; and these jeans are also a good choice for people like me who are slightly overweight . They just plain give you extra room ; and that 's great!The denim is nice and thick ; and these jeans are extremely durable . The excellent stitching helps make this possible . In fact , these jeans last for years at a time without any fraying -- even at the bottoms of the legs . Although they are permanent press , I would wash these jeans with similar colors to avoid any color dye bleeding onto white garments in the wash or dryer cycle.I also like the relaxed , very slightly oversized look on the sides of the straight legs.Overall , these fine jeans by Lee Jeans easily rival jeans made by other manufacturers . Make sure you choose the right size and color for you if you 're using the pricing and availability chart above on this webpage . If you want a pair of jeans with some extra room in the seat and thigh areas , this may be just what you 're looking for . I doubt that you 'll be disappointed.Wear ` em in good health !
 For the past few years I 've been buying GAP relaxed fit jeans and paying well over twice what these Lee jeans cost.The Lee jeans fit me perfectly , are extremely comfortable and sized accurately . I ca n't imagine what else I would want from a pair of jeans.From now on I 'll be ordering my jeans directly from Amazon and saving myself quite a bit of money .
 I bought these jeans and am completely satisfied with them . They fit well and continue to do so . I 've also worn these for almost six months now and they are not showing any signs of wear . Durable , correct fit , and look exactly as pictured . Top that all of with the fact that the price on these is considerably better than I have seen in retail stores and you 've got a winner ! -LRB- And you do n't have to go to a retail outlet and get jostled by the unwashed masses ! -RRB- I now buy as many clothes as possible from Amazon .
 Love the fit . It 's been a while since I bought jeans . And I was nervous buying them online . But they 're true to size . And they have a little bit more room than the regular fit . So they get over my thighs easily
 I was one of those people that only wore Levi 's . After trying this pants , I 've just changed my mind
 I prefer to wear jeans which are somewhat tight fit but with loose pockets -LRB- I mean pockets from which you can pull your wallet out without a struggle :-RRB- -RRB- . These come pretty close and since I knew what I was getting , there 's no complaint there . I appreciate the tapering too , since they look tidier , suitable if you are looking for a pseudo-formal outfit . The quality looks good and I expect to wear it for a few years at least . I just wish they come in more colors.I am cutting 1 star since I find the zipper to be not smooth , which is usually the case with most jeans . No biggie , but I have a few which are good and I have to do them justice .
 I just wrote a review about Wrangler Rugged jeans where I also gave a 5 star rating . I am a Levi 's convert , ordered these jeans on a whim , and I think these Lees , as well as the Wrangler Rugged jeans , are great . The fit is comfortable and they seem quite sturdy . Size ran about the same as Levi 's . After 30 + years of wearing the same brand of jeans , I thought it was time to try something else - part of this is probably due to the fact that my mom made me wear JC Penney jeans when I was a kid and they were so uncool I decided to wear Levi 's the rest of my life . Anyway , I finally switched and am quite happy with the decision .
 lee jeans have a perfect fit as always . comfortable and priced low . they wash and dry nicely with no shrinkage and look good too .
 are durable and worth every penny . We have looked all over for Lee jeans and have not found any until browsing Amazon.They fit is true to size and for a bigger guy thats a good thing . These jeans can be worn for a night out or a day at work , the pepperstone color goes with almost every color of shirt.Highly recommended !!
 My husband is a huge fan of Lee Relaxed Fit Jeans . Over the years these jeans have remainedtrue to size . Lee never take ` shortcuts ' as other brands do . One of the best features of these jeans isdurability . Without exception , the quality has remained the same for many years . If you are a ` fashionista ' , Lee Jeans offers many updated styles.I ca n't think of any negatives about Lee Jeans . That 's been true for the last 25 years of purchasingthis brand . I certainly recommend them without hesitation.I buy these jeans on Amazon . The price is very reasonable and the service is A +
 Better quality than I expected . My daughter looked awesome in it and got many compliments on Halloween .
 This is a great tshirt bra ! The only thing keeping it from being a five star rating is the fact that it ran a little smaller than the size indicated . So ladies be aware the black runs a little smaller than the nude in this style . Signed Mrs C.
 This bra is identical to one I purchased at a local boutique , special for hard to find sizes , but at half the price . I matched the size and style number from my old bra to order this one . It arrived quickly and fits as well as the old one did when I was first fitted for it . I 'll continue to shop from Amazon and this company -LRB- Lingerie Diva -RRB- in the future .
 This is the best bra I 've ever owned . It 's hard to find decent bras for smaller band sizes and larger cups , especially once you get older and age and gravity start taking their toll on your supportive tissues
 I absolutely love this bra . There is zero show through , and it fits seamlessly . Wear the nude color under your tightest white top and you still wo n't see the bra or what 's beneath it . It 's padded for support , not for size -LRB- at least on the larger cup sizes -RRB- . Support is unparalleled , and it 's very comfortable . It 's by far the best bra I own.The best part is that it comes in a wide variety of cup sizes , many of which you -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- wo n't find through Victoria 's Secret or other common retailers . Very highly reccomended !
 I 've have searched high and low for a bra that fits well for a large bust . I found it with this bra ! I 've worn this style bra for years and while I 've ventured off and tried others I always come back to this one . It fits comfortably , looks great with any outfit and can be worn with a plunging neckline it you choose . Enjoy !
 I LOVE this bra !! It fits perfectly , creates a wonderful , natural , rounded shape and disappears under clothing . Most of my wardrobe is form-fitting T-shirts or sweaters and this bra does the job under all of them . I originally ordered it in black and despite the hefty price , ordered one in nude the day I received it . It 's that good . I wear a hard-to-find size -LRB- 32D -RRB- and it seems that I have finally found a bra I can return to again and again .
 I 'm a petite person with a large bustline . I 've worn many bras over the years including the popular Wacoal brand . This is hands down the best ! It 's comfortbale , supportive , and gives me a great shape without looking flattened and fatter the way the Wacoal does , or overly busty . It works great with all those thin shirts out there and it 's pretty to boot . Ca n't ask for anything better . Even after having two children , this bra gives me the best look and support . I highly recommend it !
 I am 21 years old and wear a 32F in this bra . I got this bra about a year and a half ago in a bra store after a fitting . I have it in black and nude . I like the black especially.I 'm no connoisseur , but this is hands down the best bra I 've ever had . It does n't have a lot of padding , which is a big plus if you are larger or find padding bulky . I love the balcony cut and consider it EXTREMELY flattering . I wear mostly T-shirts , but I think this bra even looks good under a sweater - noticeably better than my other bras . It actually supports ! A lot ! My breasts actually stay up where I want them -LRB- not an easy feat -RRB- ! I have had other bras that become floppier with every wash , but these really hold their shape . It 's really impressive , actually . They still look almost new!At first , I was a little horrified to pay so much for something that seemed so nonessential , but it really was a great buy . I think they 'll outlive all my other bras by a wide margin . I bought a white Vanity Fair at the same time -LRB- for about half the price -RRB- and it looks like it 's been through hell , while my Fantasies are pristine . I hand-washed them at first , but they survive the washing machine just fine . Like all bras , I keep them out of the dryer . I kind of see them as an investment . Still , I wear them almost every day.If I have one criticism , it 's that it does n't come in white . I would love a white version of this bra . -LRB- Also , the straps are pretty tight , but that 's probably a fitting issue or me putting on weight in the interim -RRB- Basically , I ca n't recommend these enough , especially if you have a larger chest . If you take one thing from this review , it should be that this is an extremely flattering bra that will make you look and feel great . If you can talk yourself past the price , you wo n't regret buying this .
 I have had issues finding bras that not only support me as they should , but also conceal what needs to be concealed . I have three of these bras , two in nude , and one in black , and each of these bras have held up just as they should.However , the oldest of the bras , which is almost two years old and has been worn quite a lot , has started to tear along the upper elastic banding and the panel where the straps and the hooks meet . Even though this is a little disappointing , I 'm really surprised that it 's held up this long , since I 've heard that you 're supposed to get a new bra every few months or so.As one review states , the cups do have a cone sort of shape when new , but with some time -LRB- maybe two weeks -RRB- of wearing these bras , the cone appearance disappears and it shapes nicely . They look great under anything , especially , as someone else mentioned , under tight t-shirts . I have a cup size of 32I , so finding bras that fit is kind of tricky . Fantasie 's sizing variety is wonderful , and I 've never had any problems getting bras in my size through the company.So far , I have n't found anything that I do n't like about the bra or the brand , and I really hope that I do n't because I 've had such great luck with these bras . Overall , a great product and worth the investment .
 I have been looking for a bra that fits well - does n't let me fall out ... and ... as a 36 G believe me it has been hard . I put this bra on and I feel little stress on my shoulders -LRB- impossible -RRB- and it feels and looks great . Risk free-if it does n't fit send it back-no brainer . You wont be disappointed . Thank you to all the other reviews that got me to buy this bra-not cheap-but worth it .
 If you 're busty and not the typical Victoria Secret size , this bra is for you . I wear a 30E and it 's really hard to find that anywhere . This brand makes a huge range of sizes . This bra in particular is the perfect everyday bra . I wear it with everything from white t-shirts to dresses . It never shows lines . It 's also extremely supportive as long as you get the right size -LRB- I really recommend going to a specialty lingerie store for sizing b/c V.S. is not always right -RRB- . Make sure to get the band size on the smaller side b/c all bras stretch . Wearing it tight is what keeps the `` back fat '' from happening . Love this bra !
 Fantasia ? Fantastic ! This over the shoulder boulder holder makes me look and feel fully supported ! Flawlessly seamless under t-shirts and sturdy , as the day is long .
 I love this bra . I 've bought like four of them so far . I 'm a size 30G and have a hard time finding my size unless I go to Nordstrom , but I 'm not always ready and willing to spend upward of $ 100 for a bra , so this is a nice alternative for the price . It gives decent support and padding provides good coverage , and my former one that I just got rid of lasted a couple years and I even put it in washer .
 I love this style of bra and currently own several of them in various sizes -LRB- weight fluctuations -RRB- . Anyway , it is always strong and supportive . I have a narrow frame and full bust -LRB- 32GG at the moment -RRB- , and this bra is perfect for me for several reasons.I love the look this gives under shirts
 This is a must have for women who need a small band size and large cup size . I wear a 32F . This is a perfect tee shirt bra . This bra lifts all day , never gives out . You wo n't be hiking the straps up all day - they stay put . The bra does wonders for your figure , makes your bust line look terrific and believe it or not , it actually makes your waist look smaller . You may want to buy this bra one band size smaller than you usually do .
 I just love this bra . Fits perfectly and puts your breasts where they should be ! Love Love Love ! You will not be disappointed with the way this bra fits . Although I do recommend being professionaly sized before ordering . I had been professionaly sized locally and bought this exact bra from that store . So I knew what was the correct size to order . Othewise , you may think the bra is n't fiting correctly but most of the time it 's because you are wearing the wrong size .
 I am barely 30 , but after having my first child , my DD 's turned in to God knows what ! First off , I have to highly absolutely recommend a professional bra fitting . Department stores and Victoria 's Secret aside . I went to a small bra fitting shop and lo and behold , I thought I was a 38dd , and it turns out I am a 34ff . THAT is why getting fitted is essential . I now own 10 of these awesome bras ! The lift is fabulous ! It 's actually shocking what happens when I take off the bra haha ! They are n't the sexiest , but who cares ? What 's sexy is a bra that holds you up and makes your whole body look elongated ! The straps stay put and do not dig . I love that everything stays where it should , even after running after a preschooler all day ! On a final note , always hand wash these with Woolite or lingerie wash ! I even take a fabric marker and mark the month and year I purchased them so I can tell the old from the new ... my bra store said bras last 6 months , but let 's be real ! At this price , I bought more so I can rotate and thus keep them all over a year or two !
 I love the look and well-made construction of this bra . The bra is very supportive . Unfortunately , the bra cups run small -LRB- I wear a 34DD -RRB- and cuts into the top of the breasts , so it has to go back .
 Amazon has amazing prices ! I searched the product I was looking for and Amazon had it !! Woo Hoo ... Easy buying and free shipping . The bra arrived in time and fit great . I had to return the other bra I ordered due to wrong fit and they made that easy too !! Bravo !!
 This is the best fitting bra I have ever owned . It looks great and feels great . It 's the perfect lift for the not so perfect body .
 This bra and this brand is the best by far for us ladies with larger boobies . Very flattering , keeps the girls perky and very well made . I machine wash and air dry and bra has lasted months if not yrs . I 'll be buying more when this one wears out .
 I bought my first of this bra in a specialty store to get the correct fit . The price is better here . I wear a 32f dense heavy breasts and this bra holds the girls up well . It 's also comfortable . Makes my clothes look much neater . Victoria Secret is for the young , small breasted , or artificial breasts . Believe me I tried to make them work for me . Forget it and invest in a good bra like Fantasie !
 I have two of those now and wear nothing else , great under shirts and for the office , because it is thick enough to not show the nipples and give a perfect hold even to bigger and heavier breasts . I love it .
 One of my favorite bras . Finally I have a bra that looks the same on me as it does on the model . There is no spilliage on top -LRB- YES !!! FINALLY !! -RRB- and there is no show through of anything either from your body or from the undergarment itself through your clothes . you dont even see where the bra stops through your t-shirt . This is my go to when I 'm wearing a fabric that is a bit clingy and when I chose this bra I 'm confident , comfortable and well supported.The band does get a bit rib-bruising after about 4 hours though . But I 'm sure that too will stretch with time . If you finally figure out your right size , get this in it , and you just might be as happy as me . I got a 30H . The difference between my rib cage and bust measurement is 9 inches when trying to determine my correct size -LRB- if this helps anyone -RRB- . The quality - I think it will last me quite a while . Seems typical of Fantasies well made quality . Happy consumer on this one .
 I 've purchased these bras in the past so I knew what to expect . These are the best bras I 've ever worn and believe me I 've tried a lot of them .
 I ca n't stress enough the importance of being fitted properly in a store like Nordstrom , Bloomingdales , or Bravissimo . If you are being fitted at Victoria 's Secret , you are most likely wearing the wrong size and if you use your VS size to order this bra , you wo n't be satisfied.That being said , this bra will probably work best for people with larger breasts -LRB- D and above - I wear a 32H -RRB- . If you have little boobs , by all means , do n't spend this much on a bra and definitely wear something more comfortable !!! This bra is worth its weight in gold , though for people like me who want the firmest support possible and are willing to sacrifice a little bit of comfort for it . This bra really gives a great natural lift that other bras ca n't even come close to . Yes , it is a bit stiff , especially at first , but it looks wonderful under clothes and , with the little bows , it is as cute as it can get for such a functional bra . For women with a small back size and large cup size , it does n't get better than this .
 Nothing , and I mean NOTHING shows through this bra . It 's the perfect t-shirt bra . Padding is very thin but stiff and hides better than the softer contour cups for me . Takes a bit of breaking in but so worth it ! Once it 's on , you need never worry about showing more than you 'd like , you 've got perfect round curves all day . I did find the band a bit tight at first but it loosened up within a week of wearing and is now comfortable . I did n't get the torpedo effect at all . For me , one size smaller in the cup fit best .
 I love this bra . It stays where it should with the center flat against my sternum and no drooping underneath the bottoms of the cups . Cheap bras rely on the straps to hold you up but the band on this one does all the work . You can tell this bra has been engineered specifically for full-figured women . It 's not just a bigger cup sewn onto an average bra like the cheap ones you find at the department store . It 's perfect for someone like me who wears a larger cup size but is in dire need of extra support -LRB- ladies , you know what I mean - not National Geographic bad but getting close thanks to age -RRB- . If you can relate , this bra is for you .
 I wear a 34 DD , and have been on the lookout for a supportive bra.Pros : Does not itch -LRB- My skin is sensitive to lace and other such materails -RRB- Very good support -LRB- My friends even noticed and commented on it -RRB- Comfy enough to wear for the whole dayNo show through when worn with t-shirtsStraps does not hurt or leave lines on shouldersWith the extra support , I 've had no backpains due to the weight of the boobies.Cons : A tad bit pricey . HOWEVER , it is worth the cost . I even bought two more on sale.I have and would continue recommending to my friends .
 This was the day bra suggested to me by the amazing staff people at Bra Tenders , a famous bra store in NYC that caters to Broadway performers . I definitely thought it was too pointy when I first tried it on , but then once I put a shirt on top I realized that pointy = perky looking breasts . It is now my go-to bra and I own many of them . I definitely recommend it -LRB- I 'm a size 32E or 34D -RRB- .
 I had a double mastectomy with reconstruction and needed a bra that provided compression with some natural shaping while I was recovering . I tried a lot of different sports bras and like this one the best . It was comfortable and cut high enough to not irritate my incisions and scars . It looks good under a sweater , too !
 This bra will help keep you in control , while providing a cool comfortable fit !
 As a larger-breasted distance runner , I can tell you that in the past two decades of running , I have never been completely satisfied with an athletic bra until I found this one . It 's comfortable , it does n't chafe , and it does n't shift during your run . It provides more than ample support . Squish factor is of course , relative to each runner , but I personally appreciate being supported in such a way that there 's very little bounce . The straps are adjustible for an optimum fit . My only complaint -- and it 's more nit-picky than anything else -- is that with repeated wear , the snap closure which acts as a backup to the traditional hook-and-eye closure at the back of the bra often comes loose . If this happens during a run , your support wo n't be compromised , but you 'll feel the loose piece of fabric flapping in the breeze at your back : -RRB-
 At first I balked at the price , however , this bra has proven to be worth its weight in gold . The combination of super high motion control , moisture wicking performance and comfort is outstanding.Lots of bras promise motion control , but I find that they do n't deliver for women in the D cup range . This bra provides very good motion control without binding you in too tightly . This bra outperforms every other bra that I have ever exercised in.One of the more innovative features is the velcro straps . This design means that you can adjust the bra straps to exactly the right height , ant they will stay there . There is no metal to chafe your skin . The velcro is very secure and surprisingly grips very well and needs no adjustment from day to like like regular bras . Even after washing , the velcro is still holding tight and does not need to be readjusted , if anything it works too well and takes a little effort to undo it.The comfort factor of the bra comes from the 2 layer design . The inner layer acts as kind of a supportive sling for your breasts while the outer layer keeps the motion down without simply squishing . The wicking performance of the fabric is outstanding and you stay dry.The hooks in the back are covered by a large piece of fabric , so you do n't have to worry about the metal hooks digging into your skin , a problem with many bras.I am buying 3 of these just in case they ever stop making them .
 I have one of these bras which I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE , and now I ca n't find any more . Anyone know of a source ?
 This is a great high-impact sports bra . It 's my favorite style of many I 've tried ! I have run 2 marathons in it , and it provides great support for the full distance ! It also wicks moisture very well - I run in Atlanta where it 's often hot and humid , and this does a great job . Highly recommended !
 This pullover was very soft and very comfortable . I was afraid that the sweater was going to be too big but it had a nice baggy feel to it . The pullover was not frumpy . Well worth the money , I would highly encourage people to buy this product .
 I absolutely love this bra It is so comfortable , Great fit and supportive
 This type of bra is the perfect substitute for a strapless bra . I do n't like the standard strapless bras and am always uncomfortable in them , but I hardly know I am wearing this bra , and for small busted women , it has the added benefit of adding a little more fullness and cleavage .
 I purchased this bag for my baby stuff and it 's perfect nice and big and nice also . When I go out I only have to carry this bag it 's big enough to be a baby bag and a purse .
 The suit fits well . Torso is a little short on me , so I ca n't sit down , but that is because I ordered a small to have it fit tightly . -LRB- I am 5 ' 7 '' and 110lbs -RRB- I cant wait to wear it on Halloween ! It is perfect for the costume I am making !
 I was skeptical that this suit would not adapt to my body type however I ordered an extra large to allow room for adjustments . I fit in it very well and although I am not a thin girl 5 ' 4 '' and 170 # it hides flaws and fits the character of catwoman quite well . I also ordered the mask . I did turn the suit around and put zipper in front to accentuate ... It worked great ! Well worth it for the $ $ .
 I bought the small , because the extra small was not available , for a tiny lady hoping that it would not be too large . It 's a good thing they did n't have the extra small ! This thing is tiny . I mean , if the girl I bought this for did not have the figure of a 12-year-old , I really don ; t think it would have fit . As it is , it fits her skin tight.I recommend ordering a size larger than you think you 'll need . And if you have many curves , you may not want this item . But , as it is , the one I got looks great and will work well for the film I ordered it for . I ca n't complain about the quality , just offer a warning about the sizing .
 This is very well-made for a costume product , excellent value . It shipped quickly , and actually arrived 2 days earlier than quoted by the representative . The representative was very friendly and knowledgeable about the product ; she was able to accurately answer my questions about sizing for the product , and the suit fits perfectly . If it helps anyone with size , I am 5 ' 4 '' and weigh about 110lbs and ordered a small . It does restrict movement a little , but it is vinyl , which can be a little stiff until it 's broken in . All in all , this is a great way to go if you 're looking for a good catsuit .
 As a Filmmaker , shopping on line usually comes as an inconvenience , but Costume SuperCenter was great at describing , selling , and efficiently shipping their product .
 Everytime I wear this shirt , I get complements . It is unique and shows my admiration for one of my favorite shows from my childhood and for the late , great Redd Foxx .
 This is a nice soft t-shirt . Make sure you get it one size larger than you 're used to because it shrinks a little bit . Overall , a nice attractive t-shirt .
 This is a superb fitting bra . The best for T 's or fitted tops ... Recently purchased it for an extra to try besides my 2 other styles that I wear for everyday . . I find VF is the best fit for me lately , since my body has changed , which I think most women 's bodies do.Actually this was suggested for me by a fitter , which not all fitters know what they are talking aout , tried it , and it was great !!!!! Nothing to do with weight gain or loss , just changes . . I wear a perfect 36DD in this , small around the back , I guess , fuller in the chest ...
 i bought one of these a couple of days ago , it arrived yesterday , i put it on and realized that it didnt fit very well , the ball pouch was very small and the penis sleeve wasnt long or thick enough , i have a 10 inch penis with average girth , the thong is a size small , overall though , it was fun , funny , and got my fiance to laugh and turned her on , i would recomend buying it , i just had to cut the top half of the tongue off of mine .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 My expirience with SG it 's a good one . I ask for a bomber leather jacket , and I am happy with it . The order arrived on time just the last day of the time they offer , package was OK , customer service was efficient too . Just description of item was not complete , they do n't mentioned about `` made in China '' , but at the end I am happy .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 This style has just the right fit . `` No slip '' strap is just as it says!Thank goodness for the wide selection on sizes !
 I found this bra to be supportive and comfortable , but the no slip straps do slip .
 These are very comfortable . The thong string consists of a small movable loop where it meets the waistband . They are one size so the thong string may be a little big for some . They do need to be hand washed instead of machine washed . On mine the pouch end of the string started to rip and so I threw it away . I do not recommend these for everyday use . If you are looking for something different or patriotic to wear for your girlfriend then get these .
 My child 's school has career day and had to dress up as the profession they wanted to go into . This worked well .
 My four year old girl and two year old boy both enjoy playing with this hat . It was used for an airplane themed birthday , but has seen much use as part of our dress up collection !
 We bought this for my son to wear during his airplane-themed birthday party . He instantly recognized it as a pilots hat , and wore it throughout the party . He wears it often while he pretending to be a pilot . The quality is very good - it feels substantial .
 He loves airplanes and pilots so he 's thrilled that he is a pilot . The product is great and very realistic
 looks like a real pilots hat ! bought it for my grandson who is infatuated with airplanes of any size . he 'll love it
 Oh my goodness ... He loved it . My grandson is 2.5 years and absolutely loved the pilot hat and wore it for days after receiving it .
 This is a great hat at a great price . It has held up for about half a year and fit my 21/2 year old son 's head well . He has a fairly large head and the hat fits him .
 I bought this for my sons 3rd birthday party . it was a hit . Everyone thought it was so cute . It was well made and excatly what i expected
 Used this for my son 's Halloween costume . Product arrived quickly . A little on the small side for my 5 year old but nonetheless worked out fine .
 We 'll be using this in our Vacation Bible School -- Flight School -- for the older children to wear for their ` pilots ' licenses ' pictures . It 's perfect ! The pre-k 's will be wearing the brown classic aviator style hat also purchased through Amazon .
 I read the few reviews , and was worried that the hat would be too small for my son -LRB- who is 6 -RRB- . The hat just fits him -LRB- and he has a large head -RRB- - so I am delighted.As an adult , I have a fairly small circumference head - and I can squeeze it on my noggin , too.I was expecting this would by high on the cheesy quotient factor ... the picture makes it seem so ... but in person , it 's kind of charming.It is n't rigid in that area where it says `` pilot '' -LRB- above the brim -RRB- - the way a real hat would be ... but that 's about all that 's lacking to make it look more realistic.My son likes it , and wears it forwards and backwards ... and it 's fun to watch him pretend play being a pilot .
 I want to buy a gift to my 5-year old daughter , who loves all flight related things . After seaching and studying reviews online for few days . I finally chose this one . It is beautiful hat and fit on my daughter 's head very well .
 There is a local company that has a very large building with many different things for kids to play with and one station includes the fuselage of a plane along with these exact hats . I was glad to find them available for purchase via Amazon and got it for my daughter for her 3rd birthday . She loved it and it fit great ! She 's a little bit bigger for her age so , contrary to some other opinions expressed , I would think this would fit good for any kid Kindergarten and below .
 I was pleasantly surprised by how nice this pilot 's hat is especially considering the price . It is actually pretty realistic looking . I think it looks nicer than many of the pricey versions .
 This feels so real ! My daughter wants to be a pilot when she grows up . So wanted a pilot cap . I ran into this and spent the $ $ $ . Boy it 's good quality . Good size . She loves wearing it !
 I bought this for my 4 year old grandson . Good quality and perfect fit -LRB- he has a large head and lots of curly hair -RRB- . He loves it .
 Best Christmas present for my 2 year of grandson ! His eyes just lit up when he opened this hat as part of his present . Well made and very nicely embroidered for the price !
 My son wants to be a pilot when he grows up and he loves this hat . He wore it every day over Winter Break . He would still be wearing it if he was allowed to wear hats a school . A great present !
 This hat is very realistic and my boys just love it . They wear it while they run around the house flying their airplanes .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 I purchases two same ties as replacements for tie I wore out through constant use . I am pleased with product , with quickness of delivery , and competitive price . I would use this service again .
 It looks very nice but I ca n't really say how it is until I give it to my husband and he wears it .
 Very nice . Would have preferred it be in a more sturdy box.Person for whom it was a gift was very pleased .
 This tie was beautiful , and my brother-in-law -LRB- whose birthday it was -RRB- loved it . My husband also thought it was a great-looking tie . If someone you know is very patriotic , you wo n't go wrong with this one .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Product was delivered timely & in great condition . I also appreciated that my two orders were shipped in one box -LRB- I made two separate orders w/in minutes , and the company figured it out & saved on packaging . Thank you ! -RRB-
 I am so pleased with this item and the turn around time was excellent.Thank you .
 Its a little heavy to be used for the purpose it was bought for -LRB- to be my 2nd bag/carryon when traveling with backpack -RRB- but it is a great , sturdy bag ! It fits my laptop in neophrene sleeve , and pretty large Crumpler camera bag , so its a nicer alternative to a daypack for business travel . The organizing pockets are great . There is no key chain as promised - not sure if my bag is defective or description is outdated . The only thing that would make this bag more perfect - but would probably mar the ease of use - is some sort of rain protection flap for under/over the zipper . I could see how water could seep in ...
 We are using this bag in the next size up -LRB- medium -RRB- as a diaper bag & we love it ! It 's cool enough for mom or dad to use , quite roomy without being huge , has usable pockets for baby related stuff & is totally durable . Another great product by Timbuk2 !
 I wanted this bag for a purse . Ultimately I found it was too small . But this is not really a problem since Timbuk2 makes the same bag in Medium . Well , the problem is that the zipper gussets are very wide in order to close the bag , and when the zipper is open and the gussets flap down into the bag , they cover up the openings to all the interior pockets . So then you have to hold the gussets up and out of the bag with one hand while fishing around inside for the thing you want . Too much hassle . But in every other way these Timbuk2 bags are great .
 I am using the bag for everything , it is the perfect size for on the go . Everything is in the bag the night before and I am out the door . This is the cheapest price I found online for these bags . Love it love it !!!
 Have this and several others by Timbuk2 . They are well made , good looking , practical and rugged bags that stand up to a lot of use . Ca n't go wrong . This small size is more handbag size and the medium is a the perfect tote size .
 I bought this bag for my new life in New York . I knew I needed a water-resistant bag for my laptop , so this is the one I chose . There is a way for water to still get in the bag , but it was n't enough to make me worry -LRB- but I do have a separate sleeve that I put my computer in . Most of the time , though , I just used this bag to carry my work shoes and purse . It fit everything nicely and was comfortable to carry . It has nice pockets inside -- I wish the big one was a little more rigid or tailored or something , but it still works great ... I just wish it had more pockets outside . Otherwise , though , I 'd recommend this . I have the medium one . : -RRB-
 This bag is attractive and built to last . I use it to haul personal belongings back and forth to work , but it also would make a great gym bag , overnight bag , carry-on , or beach tote . The top zips closed or folds back inside the bag . It easily stands upright with or without a load . The straps are a good practical length , and it comes with a detachable shoulder strap .
 These sunglasses are even better in person . They are cute and stylish , not to be confused with sunglasses that protect from the sun 's UV rays .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 i wear this item every single day . i refuse to take this off . its a constant reminder that i am loved .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 I purchased this costume for my 6 year old son who wanted a batman costume for Christmas . I was searching for a costume that was of better quality than what is found during halloween . The item arrived nicely packaged and when my son put the item on he was thrilled . The neck was tight as the previous review stated and we were unable to button the cap as it was too tight on my son 's neck so I will be altering this for him . The quality of the costume was surprisingly good and the overall look and feel of the costume seemed to warrant the somewhat pricey cost of the costume . I am very pleased with the item and would only suggest being aware of the undersized neckline and button and be prepared to alter .
 My 6 year old grandson loves the costume . There was one problem however . Although I purchased a medium , the neck closure was very tight , -LRB- it would not button -RRB- requiring alteration . -LRB- He is in the 50th percentile for weight and height -RRB- . I had to increase the opening an inch around and re-bind .
 Overall , the quality of this product is good . Also the delivery was just on the limit date specified . I would still recommend this product but you have to be very patient for the delivery . I did n't know until I placed the order that the delivery would take full 3 weeks to reach a big country like Canada from the UK . Unfortunately my nephew had to wait 2 weeks after his birthday before receiving his gift .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 This robe was purchased as a Christmas gift . It was one of the items on an Amazon Christmas Wish List . The person who received it , says they are really enjoying it . The robe is as good as the advertisement.As this was ordered the 1st of December , I thought I would have it sent standard shipping . It took about 15 days to go from the East coast to the West coast .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 I bought this outfit for my son 's first birthday party . It was a semi-formal event with quite a few attendees , so I wanted to make sure he looked `` dapper '' but not overdone -LRB- did not want him in a 3-pc suit -RRB- , and still look cute ! I was a little hesitant as I like to see what I buy and feel the fabric . The vest and windsor tie were beautiful , they were closer to ice blue in color rather than baby blue , which made me very happy ! The brocade design was subtle and delicate , and the paisleys made it more masculine . The vest was sewn well , except for some strings hanging off from where the buttons were attached , but I clipped them . The back had an adjustable belt to cinch the vest and created a great fitted look , especially for my little guy who is a smaller baby . The pants had a satin tuxedo stripe going down the sides which was an unexpected but handsome touch . The only complaint I had was that the pleated tuxedo shirt was too small in length and the cuffs were a bit tight -LRB- just fit my 1-yr old who is a little guy at 19 lbs . -RRB- The shirt fabric was also stiff and very thin . I considered using a different white shirt I owned but went with the pleated for the sake of the `` pleated tuxedo shirt look '' . However , in hindsight I realized that the pleats did n't show anyway , so I could have used my other shirt . All in all , I thought it was a great purchase for the price -LRB- minus the high shipping cost :-LRB- considering it was being shipped from a neighboring state -RRB- . Overall , I was very pleased with the outfit . My son got compliments all evening long on how handsome/cute he looked from guests of all ages . I ca n't wait to have professional portraits taken in the outfit !
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 It 's easy to buy OP t 's and other apparel . They 're consistently well made and colorful choices allow you to wear them with most anything .
 Its a little heavy to be used for the purpose it was bought for -LRB- to be my 2nd bag/carryon when traveling with backpack -RRB- but it is a great , sturdy bag ! It fits my laptop in neophrene sleeve , and pretty large Crumpler camera bag , so its a nicer alternative to a daypack for business travel . The organizing pockets are great . There is no key chain as promised - not sure if my bag is defective or description is outdated . The only thing that would make this bag more perfect - but would probably mar the ease of use - is some sort of rain protection flap for under/over the zipper . I could see how water could seep in ...
 We are using this bag in the next size up -LRB- medium -RRB- as a diaper bag & we love it ! It 's cool enough for mom or dad to use , quite roomy without being huge , has usable pockets for baby related stuff & is totally durable . Another great product by Timbuk2 !
 I wanted this bag for a purse . Ultimately I found it was too small . But this is not really a problem since Timbuk2 makes the same bag in Medium . Well , the problem is that the zipper gussets are very wide in order to close the bag , and when the zipper is open and the gussets flap down into the bag , they cover up the openings to all the interior pockets . So then you have to hold the gussets up and out of the bag with one hand while fishing around inside for the thing you want . Too much hassle . But in every other way these Timbuk2 bags are great .
 I am using the bag for everything , it is the perfect size for on the go . Everything is in the bag the night before and I am out the door . This is the cheapest price I found online for these bags . Love it love it !!!
 Have this and several others by Timbuk2 . They are well made , good looking , practical and rugged bags that stand up to a lot of use . Ca n't go wrong . This small size is more handbag size and the medium is a the perfect tote size .
 I bought this bag for my new life in New York . I knew I needed a water-resistant bag for my laptop , so this is the one I chose . There is a way for water to still get in the bag , but it was n't enough to make me worry -LRB- but I do have a separate sleeve that I put my computer in . Most of the time , though , I just used this bag to carry my work shoes and purse . It fit everything nicely and was comfortable to carry . It has nice pockets inside -- I wish the big one was a little more rigid or tailored or something , but it still works great ... I just wish it had more pockets outside . Otherwise , though , I 'd recommend this . I have the medium one . : -RRB-
 This bag is attractive and built to last . I use it to haul personal belongings back and forth to work , but it also would make a great gym bag , overnight bag , carry-on , or beach tote . The top zips closed or folds back inside the bag . It easily stands upright with or without a load . The straps are a good practical length , and it comes with a detachable shoulder strap .
 The scarves I ordered are beautiful . They arrived quickly and are exactly what I wanted .
 I always go to Curious Designs for my scarves . They are first rate people and their products outstanding . I love this scarf -- and all the many others I have bought -- for it is different , original , soft and the colors are vibrant and unique . It wears well . I get compliments on it all the time .
 i would wear it more often , but it is short , so i feel like i have to hide that fact by tucking it into a coat . i love the print , though .
 The shirt was a gift for my brother , and he absolutely loves it ! It arrived about a week before the `` estimated delivery date , '' so I was very very pleased . A great deal for the money , too ! Thank you !
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Living in Chicago , I often exercise by strolling around windy streets on the North side . When the windchill factor dips below zero , regular jeans just do n't cut it . So , after some online window shopping , I located the Guide Gear flannel jeans and have been a happy customer since.Basically , the jeans have a very thin layer of flannel that adds to the insulating properties . The thinness of the flannel has the benefit of not creating a bulky look . Insulation , however , is facilitated by the absence of any conductive substrate such as provided by stagnant air that exists between the layers or individual fibers . This of course causes a direct conflict with typically fashion trends suggesting thinner is better . The Guide Gear jeans are a happy medium , providing additional insulation with minimal bulk.While the Guide Gear flannel jeans fit relatively well , they are tighter than my other relaxed fit jeans of the same size . Specifically , the leg diameters are smaller . Combined with the flannel lining and there is simply less space . As I have over-developed quadriceps due to cycling and weight lifting , I am probably outside of the norm for which the jeans were designed . Yet , you might want to go up a size if you have muscular legs.The true test of the product comes from actual use . The flannel is very comfortable and provides some additional warmth . Yet , do n't expect to substitute your snow pants with these jeans . Instead , they are great for casual or work activities in cold climates . I have been wearing these in weather that is 0 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit with a reasonable amount of comfort.Lacking any sophisticated equipment to evaluate thermal insulation , I employed the only objective numeric evaluations I could by weighing these jeans and measuring the fabric thickness . These results were compared with those from a pair of Wrangler relaxed fit jeans.Wrangler
 My husband is always cold , so I picked these up , he just loves them , ca n't wait until this winter to wear them again . Great purchase . I 'm going to pick him up another pair .
 My husband love 's these jeans . He does n't have to wear flannel underwear , so he is much more comfortably .
 I absolutely loved the flannel jeans , especially the price of $ 19.95 as well as the quality . I ordered another pair within a week , unfortunately , same size etc , but completely different fit . I had to return them , but must say the customer service people are incredibly nice . They offered to send me another pair .
 I ordered a pair for me and another pair for my dad and I was very happy with these jeans . They look like normal jeans . There is n't anything weird about the back pockets or anything . The only problem is the high shipping so if you can order several or have coupons , that helps .
 Living in Chicago , I often exercise by strolling around windy streets on the North side . When the windchill factor dips below zero , regular jeans just do n't cut it . So , after some online window shopping , I located the Guide Gear flannel jeans and have been a happy customer since.Basically , the jeans have a very thin layer of flannel that adds to the insulating properties . The thinness of the flannel has the benefit of not creating a bulky look . Insulation , however , is facilitated by the absence of any conductive substrate such as provided by stagnant air that exists between the layers or individual fibers . This of course causes a direct conflict with typically fashion trends suggesting thinner is better . The Guide Gear jeans are a happy medium , providing additional insulation with minimal bulk.While the Guide Gear flannel jeans fit relatively well , they are tighter than my other relaxed fit jeans of the same size . Specifically , the leg diameters are smaller . Combined with the flannel lining and there is simply less space . As I have over-developed quadriceps due to cycling and weight lifting , I am probably outside of the norm for which the jeans were designed . Yet , you might want to go up a size if you have muscular legs.The true test of the product comes from actual use . The flannel is very comfortable and provides some additional warmth . Yet , do n't expect to substitute your snow pants with these jeans . Instead , they are great for casual or work activities in cold climates . I have been wearing these in weather that is 0 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit with a reasonable amount of comfort.Lacking any sophisticated equipment to evaluate thermal insulation , I employed the only objective numeric evaluations I could by weighing these jeans and measuring the fabric thickness . These results were compared with those from a pair of Wrangler relaxed fit jeans.Wrangler
 My husband is always cold , so I picked these up , he just loves them , ca n't wait until this winter to wear them again . Great purchase . I 'm going to pick him up another pair .
 My husband love 's these jeans . He does n't have to wear flannel underwear , so he is much more comfortably .
 I absolutely loved the flannel jeans , especially the price of $ 19.95 as well as the quality . I ordered another pair within a week , unfortunately , same size etc , but completely different fit . I had to return them , but must say the customer service people are incredibly nice . They offered to send me another pair .
 I ordered a pair for me and another pair for my dad and I was very happy with these jeans . They look like normal jeans . There is n't anything weird about the back pockets or anything . The only problem is the high shipping so if you can order several or have coupons , that helps .
 These are great sleep wear for any guy . You can lounge in these pants all day if you want . The socks are nice and fuzzy and have grips on the feet . They have lasted me a year now and show no signs of given up . Love them and will buy another set .
 Classic bathing suit that has a comfortable and flattering fit . You wo n't be sorry you bought this one !
 This a really nice fitting suit . It could use a little more support in the cleavage area , but all in all it looks really nice . My protruding stomach was nicely held at bay . You will pay the price with lines on your stomach when you take the suit off , however , it seems a small price to pay for the streamlined look !
 I bought this to look my best in Hawaii and it was flattering despite the pooch I 've been carrying around for the past 20 years ! It 's very comfortable and fit perfectly . I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to look great at the beach .
 This suit really does make you look thinner through the middle ! The wrap style plus the tight fabric do good things for your middle . The only problem I have with it is that the leg elastic is too loose and it tends to ride up on me a bit . Otherwise , it 's a great suit and is very flattering .
 I could not believe the price ; I already own this bathing suit in black and a print , but you had my favorite color , who could resist the price . When you live in FL you are swimming every day .
 I bought these pants to wear running in the winter and ended up wearing them when i went skiing a lot . I wore them under my ski pants and they kept me warm.They keep you at a good temperature , not too cold , not too warm.However , DO NOT PUT THESE IN THE DRYER . I accidently put these in the dryer with all of my other clothes and now parts of the material are melted together . I ca n't wear them anymore because they are melted . I am planning on buying a new ones .
 Hahaha . Really , they 're so versatile . They 're breathable and cool in the gym and oh so warm at night in the winter . I wear them as leggings under my skirt when i go out at night in New York City . NO one notices they 're sport pants . They 're awesome !!
 I just received these yesterday . When I pulled them out of the package , I was concerned because they are so light weight . I ordered them for `` winter time '' running . Tried them on & instantly felt the warmth from my skin . They are super comfortable . I actually said out loud , `` I do n't feel like I have anything on . '' I am ready to take them out for their first run . Would definately recommend & want to order another color -LRB- bought black -RRB- . KC
 I love these pants ! They feel thin at first ; when you pick them up , or put them on , it 's hard to believe that they could offer any warmth at all . Do n't let the lightweight fabric fool you , though . My legs are perfectly insulated for pretty much any temperature above freezing , but they 're also thin enough that if the temperature rises a little , there 's no overheating at all . Like one reviewer mentioned , you almost ca n't tell you 're wearing anything.I can only attest to their warmth above freezing because I have n't yet been running in sub-freezing temperatures , but I have no doubt that they 'd be fine in lower ranges as well .
 I ordered these to wear on my runs in NYC , it 's freezing and my legs kept getting cold . These are the perfect extra layer , so far I have only worn them as a base layer because it 's been 28 with winds , but I 'm sure once the temps go up to 35-40 , I 'll be perfectly comfortable wearing these on their own . I 'm ordering a few more pairs to wear under jeans as well and my husband asked me to get him the men ' s version as a base layer under clothes . Great product!ETA
 This items fits very well and it warm . I wore it on a recent trip to the Arctic , and I could not complain , but the sizes do tend to run small -LRB- a Helly Hansen thing I think -RRB- , so keep that in mind when purchasing .
 These long underwear are form fitting , warm and lightweight . Fits well under all garments , even dress pants . I recommend them .
 Great insulation , they keep me warm but they are so thin I can wear them under even the tightest pants ! I own two pairs and would definitely recommend them , I 'd even love a third in the future . I 've had one pair for at least a year and they are still in great condition , as long as you take care of them they can last you years of comfort in the cold , without adding too much bulk !
 Really pretty . Purchased for classroom costumes , the kids and adults love it !! Glad I purchased it . Not sure why I have to have a certain number of words to describe it . It 's great !!
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Living in Chicago , I often exercise by strolling around windy streets on the North side . When the windchill factor dips below zero , regular jeans just do n't cut it . So , after some online window shopping , I located the Guide Gear flannel jeans and have been a happy customer since.Basically , the jeans have a very thin layer of flannel that adds to the insulating properties . The thinness of the flannel has the benefit of not creating a bulky look . Insulation , however , is facilitated by the absence of any conductive substrate such as provided by stagnant air that exists between the layers or individual fibers . This of course causes a direct conflict with typically fashion trends suggesting thinner is better . The Guide Gear jeans are a happy medium , providing additional insulation with minimal bulk.While the Guide Gear flannel jeans fit relatively well , they are tighter than my other relaxed fit jeans of the same size . Specifically , the leg diameters are smaller . Combined with the flannel lining and there is simply less space . As I have over-developed quadriceps due to cycling and weight lifting , I am probably outside of the norm for which the jeans were designed . Yet , you might want to go up a size if you have muscular legs.The true test of the product comes from actual use . The flannel is very comfortable and provides some additional warmth . Yet , do n't expect to substitute your snow pants with these jeans . Instead , they are great for casual or work activities in cold climates . I have been wearing these in weather that is 0 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit with a reasonable amount of comfort.Lacking any sophisticated equipment to evaluate thermal insulation , I employed the only objective numeric evaluations I could by weighing these jeans and measuring the fabric thickness . These results were compared with those from a pair of Wrangler relaxed fit jeans.Wrangler
 My husband is always cold , so I picked these up , he just loves them , ca n't wait until this winter to wear them again . Great purchase . I 'm going to pick him up another pair .
 My husband love 's these jeans . He does n't have to wear flannel underwear , so he is much more comfortably .
 I absolutely loved the flannel jeans , especially the price of $ 19.95 as well as the quality . I ordered another pair within a week , unfortunately , same size etc , but completely different fit . I had to return them , but must say the customer service people are incredibly nice . They offered to send me another pair .
 I ordered a pair for me and another pair for my dad and I was very happy with these jeans . They look like normal jeans . There is n't anything weird about the back pockets or anything . The only problem is the high shipping so if you can order several or have coupons , that helps .
 Excellent Shirt , exactly as pictured , true to size and excellent quality.Good Deal !
 Living in Chicago , I often exercise by strolling around windy streets on the North side . When the windchill factor dips below zero , regular jeans just do n't cut it . So , after some online window shopping , I located the Guide Gear flannel jeans and have been a happy customer since.Basically , the jeans have a very thin layer of flannel that adds to the insulating properties . The thinness of the flannel has the benefit of not creating a bulky look . Insulation , however , is facilitated by the absence of any conductive substrate such as provided by stagnant air that exists between the layers or individual fibers . This of course causes a direct conflict with typically fashion trends suggesting thinner is better . The Guide Gear jeans are a happy medium , providing additional insulation with minimal bulk.While the Guide Gear flannel jeans fit relatively well , they are tighter than my other relaxed fit jeans of the same size . Specifically , the leg diameters are smaller . Combined with the flannel lining and there is simply less space . As I have over-developed quadriceps due to cycling and weight lifting , I am probably outside of the norm for which the jeans were designed . Yet , you might want to go up a size if you have muscular legs.The true test of the product comes from actual use . The flannel is very comfortable and provides some additional warmth . Yet , do n't expect to substitute your snow pants with these jeans . Instead , they are great for casual or work activities in cold climates . I have been wearing these in weather that is 0 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit with a reasonable amount of comfort.Lacking any sophisticated equipment to evaluate thermal insulation , I employed the only objective numeric evaluations I could by weighing these jeans and measuring the fabric thickness . These results were compared with those from a pair of Wrangler relaxed fit jeans.Wrangler
 My husband is always cold , so I picked these up , he just loves them , ca n't wait until this winter to wear them again . Great purchase . I 'm going to pick him up another pair .
 My husband love 's these jeans . He does n't have to wear flannel underwear , so he is much more comfortably .
 I absolutely loved the flannel jeans , especially the price of $ 19.95 as well as the quality . I ordered another pair within a week , unfortunately , same size etc , but completely different fit . I had to return them , but must say the customer service people are incredibly nice . They offered to send me another pair .
 I ordered a pair for me and another pair for my dad and I was very happy with these jeans . They look like normal jeans . There is n't anything weird about the back pockets or anything . The only problem is the high shipping so if you can order several or have coupons , that helps .
 Living in Chicago , I often exercise by strolling around windy streets on the North side . When the windchill factor dips below zero , regular jeans just do n't cut it . So , after some online window shopping , I located the Guide Gear flannel jeans and have been a happy customer since.Basically , the jeans have a very thin layer of flannel that adds to the insulating properties . The thinness of the flannel has the benefit of not creating a bulky look . Insulation , however , is facilitated by the absence of any conductive substrate such as provided by stagnant air that exists between the layers or individual fibers . This of course causes a direct conflict with typically fashion trends suggesting thinner is better . The Guide Gear jeans are a happy medium , providing additional insulation with minimal bulk.While the Guide Gear flannel jeans fit relatively well , they are tighter than my other relaxed fit jeans of the same size . Specifically , the leg diameters are smaller . Combined with the flannel lining and there is simply less space . As I have over-developed quadriceps due to cycling and weight lifting , I am probably outside of the norm for which the jeans were designed . Yet , you might want to go up a size if you have muscular legs.The true test of the product comes from actual use . The flannel is very comfortable and provides some additional warmth . Yet , do n't expect to substitute your snow pants with these jeans . Instead , they are great for casual or work activities in cold climates . I have been wearing these in weather that is 0 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit with a reasonable amount of comfort.Lacking any sophisticated equipment to evaluate thermal insulation , I employed the only objective numeric evaluations I could by weighing these jeans and measuring the fabric thickness . These results were compared with those from a pair of Wrangler relaxed fit jeans.Wrangler
 My husband is always cold , so I picked these up , he just loves them , ca n't wait until this winter to wear them again . Great purchase . I 'm going to pick him up another pair .
 My husband love 's these jeans . He does n't have to wear flannel underwear , so he is much more comfortably .
 I absolutely loved the flannel jeans , especially the price of $ 19.95 as well as the quality . I ordered another pair within a week , unfortunately , same size etc , but completely different fit . I had to return them , but must say the customer service people are incredibly nice . They offered to send me another pair .
 I ordered a pair for me and another pair for my dad and I was very happy with these jeans . They look like normal jeans . There is n't anything weird about the back pockets or anything . The only problem is the high shipping so if you can order several or have coupons , that helps .
 I purchases two same ties as replacements for tie I wore out through constant use . I am pleased with product , with quickness of delivery , and competitive price . I would use this service again .
 It looks very nice but I ca n't really say how it is until I give it to my husband and he wears it .
 Very nice . Would have preferred it be in a more sturdy box.Person for whom it was a gift was very pleased .
 This tie was beautiful , and my brother-in-law -LRB- whose birthday it was -RRB- loved it . My husband also thought it was a great-looking tie . If someone you know is very patriotic , you wo n't go wrong with this one .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 I used to wear Levi 's , then switched to Lee jeans years ago . Used to buy Lee Jeans at Mervyns -LRB- great sale prices -RRB- . Now that Mervyn 's is out of business and I need to replace aging Jeans.I gave these a try based on the reviews here . Fit is very good . -LRB- I 'm slender 6 ' 160lbs -RRB- Jean material is thick , overall well made . I have bought 2 pairs now . -LRB- Dk stone and stone wash -RRB- . Very happy with these jeans . . I will buy more before the holiday sale ends.Update
 My title says it all . These jeans come in 35 inch waist and the traditional fit is really nice . Nice material too
 I discovered Carhartt jeans about 5 years ago . Best jeans I ever wore . I prefer a tapered leg fit and nobody but Carhartt makes them this way anymore.I 've always worn B18 34x30 's but lately the last several pairs I 've purchased the fit is inconsistent . Either the leg is too short or too long . The waist is too tight or too loose -LRB- and no , I have n't gained or lost weight , grew or shrunk either -RRB- . After having washed and washed the last few pairs I 've bought hoping they 'd fit better and rendering them nonreturnable , I have given them to Goodwill.Not sure if the problem is with Carhartt or their manufacturer in Guatemala . I 'll have find a local retailer where I can actually try them on before purchase .
 A very well made , sturdy product . Denim weight is advertised at 15 ounces/yard and is the heaviest weight I could find in the current market . Levis , Wrangler , Lee and a few other brands I examined are all of lesser weight , some considerably so . I make this point because I had n't purchased jeans since the late 1990s and went to buy Levis 501 shrink-to-fit -LRB- my jean of choice since at least 1968 -RRB- only to find out that they are no longer the same quality and weight - they are now very light weight and `` flimsy '' . Levis core product in my opinion , is no longer a work pant , but a fashion statement and because of this I did n't buy their product . Until somebody makes something better , I 'm a Carhartt customer for jeans - they 're the best I could find for my definition of a jean . They are also true-to-size with minimal shrinkage ; I 'm a 34 '' waist , but bought a 35 '' thinking they would shrink a little - not so , they remain a 35 '' waist and I did n't notice any significant shrinkage in length either . Finally , these jeans are not only better than current production 501s , but about half the price also .
 I thought quality jeans were a thing of the past , until I discovered Carhartts . -LRB- I was a die-hard Levi 's fan , until their quality plummeted in recent years . -RRB- These jeans are made from nice , thick denim , yet they flex well and are very comfortable . The seams , riveting , pockets , and zipper appear to be high quality , the sizing is reliable , and they fit very well ... at least for me . In short , they are exactly the way good rugged jeans should be , and they are very suitable for work or play . Count me a Carhartt convert !
 I 've been wearing Levi jeans for over 30 years -LRB- 501 & 550 -RRB- ... they 've always fit and have been very durable . I do n't mind paying more if I know I 'm getting quality . Yes , I 'm one of those that stick with a product for decades as long as the quality of the product remains superior and Levi 's has always fit into that category ... until now . I recently bought several pairs of Levi 's and the stitching on the back pocket `` V 's '' started coming undone after a single wash . Not just on one pair ... on all of them . Extremely irritating to say the least ... especially since I paid almost $ 40 for each pair . In addition , the denim just does n't seem as rugged/tough as it used to be . I suspect Levi has lost their dedication to quality to cut costs ... unfortunately , not all that unusual with a lot of larger companies these days.After some advice from a co-worker , I decided to try the Carhartt jeans -LRB- Traditional Fit -RRB- and purchased a single pair on Amazon to try them out . They arrived on Tuesday , I washed them Tuesday night , I wore them all day Wednesday , and today -LRB- Thursday -RRB- I will buy at least 4 more pair on Amazon . Folks , these are good jeans ... they 're what Levi 's use to be . As a bonus , they are much more reasonably priced -LRB- around $ 10 less than the Levi 's I purchased -RRB- . I 've worn other Carhartt products over the years and have always been impressed ... I 'm glad I found these jeans . Here is where you really need to pay attention . . this is my very first review I 've ever posted on Amazon and I 've bought a lot of products on Amazon . If that does n't tell you something about these jeans , I do n't know what will . My only concern at this point is to see how they perform after a long period of wear and multiple washes ... will update review if they do n't perform as I expect they will .
 I am buying more and more Carhartt products lately , it seems ... why ? QUALITY ! They have great products that are well constructed and very rugged . I have been wearing the men 's twill work pants now for months and enjoy them a lot . So , I decided to try out their jeans . Very nice indeed . BUT ... where are the other two loops ? The last pairs of jeans I bought were from Lands End and they were great . Very comfy and 7 loops on them , as they should have . So , when I went looking for Carhartt jeans , I looked at reviews and photos very carefully before buying , and what I saw was encouraging . The photos for the jeans I chose all had 7 belt loops so I thought this would be exactly what I was looking for ... um ... nope . When they arrived , they only had 5 , more like cheaper brands that do n't have as much `` attention to detail '' as the better ones . I was so used to the 7 loops on my previous jeans , that 5 just does n't `` feel '' right ? Does that make sense ? I decided to keep them , and to be honest , they are comfy and durable and very nice to wear , they look good too ! But , I wish I had the 7 vs. 5 loops . It may be a `` small '' thing in the grand scheme of things , but it bothers me that their product description does n't mention number of belt loops , but the photos all show 7 loops , but that is n't what you get . But , again , I am happy with them and will continue to wear them . And the price point was great . Half of what I spent on the Lands End jeans . So , if you can live with 5 belt loops , their GREAT ! Go for it .
 My husband was a Levi man for years . When our adult son gave him a pair of Carhartt 's for Christmas a couple of years ago , he was reluctant but tried them away . Now he 's convinced these are the Best Jeans Ever ! For the working man especially , Carhartt jeans hold up very well .
 I used to be strictly a Levis guy for the last 40 yrs ... until they started using inferior light grade denim and jacking up the price at the same time . I now am a Carhartt convert . These are heavy weight denim with 7 belt loops unlike Levis that has only 5 . They fit well , but wish they made a slim version like the old Levis 512s . Glad I tried them !
 sturdy jeans with a comfortable fit and the extra belt loops are well placed . a good price does n't hurt either . definitely something i would recommend and would buy again .
 These have held up very well and seem true to size . I 'd buy them again if the price was right .
 I bought these for my Son-In-Law for Christmas . He is in a 30 X 34 and this is an almost inpossible size to find . The price was good -LRB- compared to the retail stores -RRB- and they had the size in all the different colors . Thank Goodness . I will no longer go to the store to look - I 'll just order . I also had &#34; prime &#34; so I got 2 day free shipping . Could n't be any easier .
 Perfect fit and last very long . I love how they hold up and continue to buy them . I get many compliments .
 Have tried but one of the two pairs I purchased , and they are just fine . They fit correctly and are made of substantive fabric . I expect them to last a while and plan to order a couple more pairs in the not too distant future .
 The old man looks good in them . They are sturdy and look like they will last a long , long time .
 I have tried them all over the years . I wear jeans every day for work , and have done so for over 40 years . The most dependable , comfortable , and durable for the money are by far Carhardt .
 My husband loves his Carhart Jeans and they can be really hard to find in the local stores . Very durable jean as well . Price was better than we found as well . Will be ordering more for Christmas for sure .
 Carhartt Jeans are fantastic . They are what jeans should be , they feel and fit great . Made of heavy denim with all the right stitching and quality . My husband says they are like the Levi 's 501 after washing . I ordered another pair and will buy in the future . Thanks Carhartt !
 High quality , long wearing jean for the working man or just a man hard on his clothes . This style is for those that do not want a loose fit or have a slim build . I have been buying them for years and can say that this fit is hard to find and the price on Amazon is lower plus Super Saving as a bonus saves a lot of money .
 Sturdy , thick , but very soon turning soft fabric , Seven well-spaced belt loops - your belt will NEVER separate like it happens in five-loop pants , nor will the tip of the belt stick to the side!I am size 48 :-LRB- - they felt small to the size for the first ten minutes -LRB- without a belt -RRB- , then were on a tighter side for an evening ; after two days of mostly sitting in them - I do not feel them to the point that I think what would have happened if I ordered one size smaller : -RRB- Wife liked the look so much , that I am ordering the second pair in a different color .
 This is the best pair of jeans I 've owned in a very many years , and in every respect . The cut is ideal and handles my not-quite-slim gut while giving my leg a slim look . The denim is a real heavy weight that feels great on the legs . The pockets look good and are well sized . The jeans cold wash well . I hang them dry and they take quite a while . They 've really made me feel more confident about how I look . Nice surprise given I never heard of the brand before .
 These Carhartt Jeans fit better than any jeans I 've tried including CK . They fit nice in the seat and legs without being too snug in the crotch . The fabric seems to be of good quality and they wash up nice without noticeable shrinkage . I really like the belt loops ; perfectly placed . I purchased three pair of these jeans and plan to buy more .
 I bought a pair of relaxed fit Carhartt jeans for one of my sons . he was impressed with the fit , workmanship and nice heavy weight denim material . My oldest son always wears Levi 501 button fly jeans . He has been unhappy with the light weight denim now that they are made in China . I told him about the Carhartt jeans and got him a pair for his birthday . He loves the Carhartt button fly jeans . Please keep making them just like they are now .
 Jeans arrived in a timely manner . Jeans were in great condition on arrival and fit quite well . Denim was better quality than other jeans I 've seen . Liked the extra belt loops .
 The nice thing about these jeans is the price . They were at least $ 8 more at other sites and up to $ 17 more in stores . The price at Amazon is good at $ 29 . The product is what I would expect . I like a heavier denim and the fit of these jeans is good . There were 2 pairs of jeans on my order . Both are Carhartt . One style is the traditional fit and the other is the relaxed fit . The traditional is a good cut and slimmer than the relaxed . Relaxed jeans are great for work and allow good movement.The cons on this product is the manufacturing location . One pair is made in Mexico and the other is made in Nicaragua of fabric made in Mexico . This is a little pet peeve of mine . Carhartt wants to be the brand for the American worker . Carhartt touts its pride in surviving the depression and the humble beginnings to growth as a great American brand . At the prices they normally charge their products should be made in the USA . On the bright side there is no union label .
 A functional step up from today 's work denims ie Lee , Wrangler , Levis . More heavy duty , and regular size fit well without fanny droop . Worth every penny , though I found the dungaree cut products too loose and felt bulky .
 Great fit . Love the feel and weight of the cloth . Seven belt loops is a winner for me , as I always have something to hang from my belt . I 'm a believer now . I will never buy another brand of jeans , and that 's saying something after wearing them for over 50 years !!!
 I wore Wrangler jeans as a younger man , and did n't begin wearing Carhartt Traditional jeans until I was about 40 . Needless to say , I 've purchased Carhartt ever since . While I had always liked Wranglers , they were always a little too snug in the legs on my 6 ' 3 '' frame . The Carhartt Traditional jeans give me the added room I need without a baggy clown pants appearance - neatness counts with me , and I 'm not into any look that makes it appear I 'm wearing someone larger 's hand-me-down clothing - or clothing that is tight enough to be restrictive of movement or look vulgar.I have always sized my jeans smaller in the waist than my dress pants , as jeans always stretch . Carhartt jeans are no different in this respect as it is the nature of all cotton jeans . At over 60 now , I wear a size 38 to 39 in dress pants , so I buy size 36 Carhartt jeans . This gives me jeans that will stay up without a belt . When I was wearing size 40 dress pants , I wore size 38 jeans and bought more than a few pair of Carhartt . Those 38 Carhartt jeans still are n't worn out after years of wearing them . They are faded , but the 15-ounce fabric thickness is still comfortable and without any holes . Since I trimmed up in the waist , the 38 size jeans wo n't stay up without a belt , but I continue wearing them working around home in the yard - with a good belt . Dropping from 220 to 195 almost got me back to the size 34 jeans I wore before I aged past 40 . With some work , I 'll stay at 195 and get the middle `` bulge '' back where it used to be on my chest . Then , I should be back to the size 34 Carhartt traditional jeans I originally began wearing so many years back.When I wore my first pair of Carhartt jeans I was hooked . In winter , the added thickness helps keep you warmer , and the material is soft enough it always feels good . Carhartt jeans wear like iron and are never uncomfortable , and the traditional fit Carhartt jean has never let me down for a great fit - a fit that all women admire on me even at my over 60 years of age . Carhartt ? I guess you could say they are perfect for the `` ageless male '' . Young or old , these are jeans that always offer a great look and a good fit . With Carhartt , you know you 're getting quality - and with Amazon , you know you 're getting the best price.Note
 Awesome product and VERY happy with the quality and the price . would HIGHLY recommend to everyone . They fit perfect and we actually ordered 2 more pairs
 These jeans are made the way jeans should be . Brands that I used to buy just do n't make the cut anymore . Thankfully , Carhart makes jeans the ` traditional ' way . Quality material and no crazy stitching patterns on the backside , perfectly fitting and well constructed . Do n't pass these up if you 're looking for that all-purpose jean .
 Get these Carhartt jeans if you want to feel good and look good . The traditional fit is comfortable , neither too tight nor too loose .
 I have had several pairs of Carhartt heavy duck cloth work pants and they take about a year to break in . these are soft out of the package , but not quite as beefy . definitely thicker cloth than LL Bean 1912 jeans . I am 6 ' 5 '' , and the 34 '' inseam works because they have decent rise . No shrinkage after washing . I am told I have no butt , and the classic fit of these is very comfortable , without the bubble butt look -LRB- on me -RRB- of Lee and Wrangler . Mine were made in Mexico if you track country of origin .
 Great jeans ! ran a little long in length but Carhartt quality - great denim . True to size true to fit of the Traditional fit .
 I have seen other reviews about these jeans and decided to give them a try . They are great jeans . I must say they are the best looking and fit jeans I ever had . A great product .
 My husband has been buying these for a long time and Amazon is the cheapest place I ` ve found to date ... they fit very well specially with men with a small behind lol .
 great quality jeans from a good brand at a good price . best fitting jeans of this style i 've had . way better than wrangler !
 I like these jeans . They are durable , comfortable , and good looking . The length suits me perfectly . The waist runs small . This has been my experience with other Carhartt jeans as well . I suggest you buy a size that 's two inches bigger in the waist than what you normally wear . After 1-2 wash cycles the jeans should fit great.I 'm 6 ' -0 '' and 180lbs . My normal jean size is 34 '' x 32 '' .
 Good quality , fit , and price . One negative thought . . Not made in the USA . I searched out Carhartt due to a brothers comment about Made in USA .
 GIFT -- Just the size he needs . 35 inch waist . Hard to findJeans Carhartt traditional fit -- 35W X 30L DARK STONE
 I ordered this item because I wanted a pair of jeans , and low and behold - what arrived , on time , was a pair of jeans . They were blue as ordered and exactly the same size as I ordered so on first inspection I was happy.Then I tried them on , and they fit so the secondary inspection was also satisfactory - life is good when things work out the way you expect.What else can I say , I ordered jeans , jeans arrived . They fit . I have a new pair of jeans ... I 'm a happy man . It does n't take that much to make me happy .
 Excellent selection!Product arrived on time.Product fits as described or better.Mhuahh ! Mhuaaah ! Mhuahh ! Mhuaah ! Muahhh!XXOO XXOO XXOO XXOO OOXX OOXX !
 what else can be said , there carhartt.great jeans and even greater price . if you want long lasting jeans to work in then you cant do much better . i usually buy wranglers for work and thought you couldnt do better till i started wearing these and i still recomend wrangler but if you do construction like i do and can get these jeans at this price then i promise you will be happy with them .
 These blue jeans are made of high quality sturdy denim and the manufacturing quality is very high , they are made with 7 belt loops instead of just 5 like you see on some blue jeans these days . I will definitely buy more . They are similar to the old traditional indigo Levi 505 straight leg , and the two legs are sewn together with a roomy U-shaped seem . I found out that I can get the dark stone color directly from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Bought 2 pair at Sears -LRB- Relaxed fit -RRB- . Wanted to try a traditional fit pair so I ordered a pair from here . Size and quality were perfect , so I ordered two more pair . I 've been a diehard Levi 's fan for years , but like I have heard , the quality has gone down with Levi 's -LRB- apparently they buy cheap quality Chinese denim -RRB- . I will never buy Levi 's again based on principle alone ... they are arrogant because of their name and they know it . Besides why would I buy them when these WITH SHIPPING are cheaper than Levi 's ? I know for a fact these are built with thicker denim as I work in a diary cooler and my legs are MUCH warmer when I work all day in 38 degrees with these jeans on . In short ... CARHARTTS ROCK ...
 My husband is slim and a carpenter . So many producers of jeans have taken off some of the belt loops . He needs the extra belt loops , esp . when he has his carpenter belt on . The extra loops help him not to get a back ache by giving more support with his belt on . We have looked and looked and have not found any others . His waist is a 32-33 . The jeans are also very good quality and wash up nicely . They have a nice slim fit to them which he also likes and that is hard to find now days too . We hope they do not stop making them and that maybe other companies will return to the original loops . The only thing we could think of is that they are trying to save expense by cutting back on the loops.Mike and Sharen in Michigan
 The description says button fly jeans . They are zipper fly . I will keep them any way cause they fit so nice and the price is good .
 Just as good , if not better , than Levis . The hubby prefers these comfortable jeans . They wash well , size is perfect .
 These jeans are very comfortable , durable , and the fit is great for work.I work in a metal cutting shop and i put a lot abuse on clothes other pants only last me six months usually and these are still going strong a year and a half later , I highly recommend them .
 I 've been a Levis guy for several decades and with their quality going away I finally decided to try something different . I had almost forgotten what a real pair of jeans were like . Now I remember ! Solid material , strong stitching , sufficient belt loops ! Looks like I 've found a new jean !
 This review is more about the size availability offered by Amazon than the Carhartt jeans themselves . The fact that I always buy Carhartt is endorsement enough . What I really appreciate is the availability of the 35W that everyone else seems to be shying away from . Cabela 's , among others , no longer carries the 35W . You know , for years I was size 33W and now in my old age I 'm now a 35W . So I 'm odd , that 's the way it goes ; I 'm a 35W and not a 34 or 36 . Why should I have to go to a store and try on a dozen pairs of Carhartts looking for a pair of small size 36 's or large 34 's ? I get on the computer and order up my correct size at Amazon and have the perfect fit delivered to my door , often for a cheaper price and free shipping . Thanks Amazon .
 I quit buying Levis years ago when my son was in Boy Scouts . They took a social position against Scouting , so I took a purchasing position against Levis.Since then I have tried several brands , eventually discovering Carhartt . I am now 67 and like the way they fit , look and feel . They are very well made and reasonably priced . Just about all you can ask for in a pair of jeans .
 Jeans excellent ! A material and having sewed at the highest level ! The size as if are sewed on you ! I recommend to all!Has ordered one more of other color ! Thanks the manufacturer and firm Essential Apparel !!!
 The traditional fit in this jean is a good change of pace from the other loose fitting Carhartt work pants I own . These jeans fit well , are very durable , comfortable , and look great for life 's other events -LRB- dinner , school events , etc. -RRB- without looking like you just came from a construction site . I used to be a Levi jean guy out of habits from my youth , but Carhartt jeans are better .
 Just got these jeans and could not be more pleased . The denim is higher quality than my Levis and the fit is much better . Levis have lost out in my book . Not a thin person , but the traditional fit works for me . Buy 'em and see the difference .
 Great product ! got tired of running around town so decided to try online , what a way to buy . Great if you know what you want .
 Theres a very good reason Carhartt jeans are rated so highly . They are sturdy , always , always true to size , priced right for the quality , fit well and wear well . Just about everything you could ask for in jeans . Oh , I do wish for one more thing - a 29 &#34; inseam so I do n't have to re-hem them for my husband .
 Excellent product at excellent price . This is a heavyweight denim that last , unlike low quality denim used with Levis . I was an avid Levis customer until a pair of jeans would only last me three months at a fifty dollar price tag.I recommend Carhartt Jeans to anyone looking for high quality and durability . With this product you cant go wrong . .
 Great fit and great quality and from experience , long lasting . They are possibly made in the USA , but even if not for the price , it 's a value .
 Since I 'm not willing to pay $ 40 for Levis 505s , these are a good substitute . Only problem is the zipper tends to work down ; you have to make sure the tab is well seated .
 I bought these for my boyfriend and they are his favorite pair of pants . It 's hard to find these exact ones so I was happy to have finally found them .
 My husband has worn these jeans for several years . This is by far the best price we have found on this particular jean . Very pleased with this purchase .
 Got these today ... extremely well made and good quality ... very happy with the fit and quality ... was n't sure when I ordered them ... but am very glad I did and the price was very reasonable ...
 My boyfriend wears this brand and swears by it . He 's a farmer & wears them out . These hold up to his daily beatings . I bought him 3 pairs for Christmas & my brother purchased him 2 more for Christmas also . They are holding up well . Amazon sells them at the cheapest price so he 's going to purchase the jeans from here instead of going to the outlet stores or outdoor outfitters like he normally does .
 The waist and length for my partner is very difficult to find in brick & motar stores . This is only brand he like to wear and glad that Amazon has these in stock !!!!!!!
 Wont ever buy another brand of jeans for work . These jeans hold up well under lots of wear and tear . Highly recommend .
 Friends visiting from Germany had been asked by their nephew to buy special jeans for him . We were flabbergasted when they said &#34; Carhartt &#34; . Exactly what young man wanted as his is into the fashion scene in a major way in Dusseldorg .
 The traditional fit is perfect for me plus I can get a 35 waist . Not many jeans come in 35 .
 Absolutely a first rate product -- I have worn these jans for years -- will never wear any other jeans -- fine product -- the best fit ever !
 Great product , heavy demin , fit very well , have odd sizes that fit this old body , shipped very quickly , would buy again ,
 I like these jeans beter than Levi jeans . They are high quality , and fit perfectly for the same size each time that I buy them .
 I have been disappointed with the deteriorating quality of Levis jeans and thought I would give Carhartt a shot . Very happy I did . Quality and fit are great . Have bought several pairs of different colors .
 Solid jeans , like those that used to be the standard . Well built , cut to fit , durable denim . Well worth the price .
 Finally , pants that fit the way they were meant to fit . Have switched from store bought to these because of the many different styles .
 It is difficult to find a good pair of jeans these days . Both Levi 's and Lee jeans use such thin poor quality fabric but these new Carhartt jeans are awesome . The fabric is thick and durable and they seem to be well made . They fit well too . I 'm very glad I found this brand as I had never heard of them before . I 'll keep buying them .
 The color i got is dark stone wash , very pure and classic , you ca n't get this blue color from any other brand at this price , and the fabric , of course is heavy-woven , means durable.The size i bought is W30 , i found the waist band has only 5 belt loops instead of 7 , why?because of a careless QC ? other than that , i am very happy with the jeans .
 These jeans are exactly what I expected from Carhartt . Very good fit , durable , with little , to no shrinkage , after washing .
 Delivery was faster then expected and the product -LRB- jeans -RRB- were what I had hoped for . Really good price , fast delivery and sizing that matched what I ordered . With that said , this Amazon purchase was a really smart move on my part .
 These jeans are perfect . Thick material , good zipper and fastener , right number and placement of belt loops , nice color , accurate sizing , and acceptable shape .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 Levi 's Men 's Cinch Worker Slim Straight Style JeanThese jeans are great . I got them today and tried them on and love them . The cut of the front pockets is a nice change from the traditonal cut of normal jeans and gives a different look . The colour is good and hopefully should stand up to washing -LRB- I will keep this part of my review open for now until I do so -RRB- . It is not a glossy black but more of a darker matte charcoal which still looks very good . The blemish on the inside thigh on the featured image of the jeans on the site is non-existent and is probably a blemish on the picture used . The Levi tag on the waist is black and gives a better appearance than the tan ones normally used on jeans . All in all the overall look is smart , trendy and stylish and can be dressed up or down as desired .
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 Living in Chicago , I often exercise by strolling around windy streets on the North side . When the windchill factor dips below zero , regular jeans just do n't cut it . So , after some online window shopping , I located the Guide Gear flannel jeans and have been a happy customer since.Basically , the jeans have a very thin layer of flannel that adds to the insulating properties . The thinness of the flannel has the benefit of not creating a bulky look . Insulation , however , is facilitated by the absence of any conductive substrate such as provided by stagnant air that exists between the layers or individual fibers . This of course causes a direct conflict with typically fashion trends suggesting thinner is better . The Guide Gear jeans are a happy medium , providing additional insulation with minimal bulk.While the Guide Gear flannel jeans fit relatively well , they are tighter than my other relaxed fit jeans of the same size . Specifically , the leg diameters are smaller . Combined with the flannel lining and there is simply less space . As I have over-developed quadriceps due to cycling and weight lifting , I am probably outside of the norm for which the jeans were designed . Yet , you might want to go up a size if you have muscular legs.The true test of the product comes from actual use . The flannel is very comfortable and provides some additional warmth . Yet , do n't expect to substitute your snow pants with these jeans . Instead , they are great for casual or work activities in cold climates . I have been wearing these in weather that is 0 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit with a reasonable amount of comfort.Lacking any sophisticated equipment to evaluate thermal insulation , I employed the only objective numeric evaluations I could by weighing these jeans and measuring the fabric thickness . These results were compared with those from a pair of Wrangler relaxed fit jeans.Wrangler
 My husband is always cold , so I picked these up , he just loves them , ca n't wait until this winter to wear them again . Great purchase . I 'm going to pick him up another pair .
 My husband love 's these jeans . He does n't have to wear flannel underwear , so he is much more comfortably .
 I absolutely loved the flannel jeans , especially the price of $ 19.95 as well as the quality . I ordered another pair within a week , unfortunately , same size etc , but completely different fit . I had to return them , but must say the customer service people are incredibly nice . They offered to send me another pair .
 I ordered a pair for me and another pair for my dad and I was very happy with these jeans . They look like normal jeans . There is n't anything weird about the back pockets or anything . The only problem is the high shipping so if you can order several or have coupons , that helps .
 This is a really nice money clip ... the workmanship is evident and I like it . The only problem is that it is thick so it is not super springy ... after having many bills in the clip , it is loose when there are less bills to carry.Can ' t beat the quality for the price though .
 My wife loves this swinsuit ! She said that is really a miracle , because fixes very well and it 's very confortable too . Also , she said the swinsuit makes she feels more confident with her body . Now she loves me a little bit more because of this gift .
 5 Stars and I will start with what sounds like a complaint ; -RRB- I am 6 ' 6 &#34; and 235 lbs . I always get 2XL size to be comfy after sweatshirts inevitably shrink . Since they had talls , I ordered an 2XLT . It is my best sweatshirt ever , but it IS definitely a tall . It is long enough to cover my Driod belt holster phone -LRB- elastic waistband is fully below phone -RRB- and sometimes I pull the full holster out vs the phone because of this . Maybe the 2XL made it longer and I may even order an XLT for a little tighter fit whenj I want one . I would say very little shrinkage after one wash/dry , and in fact it feels exactly as it did before wash . Sleeves are nice and long also . Pushed up does not cut off circulation to arms either . It is definitely medium weight , but has a very soft feel , and it is not stiff cottony like Champion ones are -LRB- my other fav -RRB- .
 This Hoodie is excellent quality for an excellent price . My son just loves it . I ordered as many colors as I could since he likes them so much ! A word about AMAZON
 It 's so nice to buy something by size and have it actually BE a tall , with longer sleeves and longer body . Russell makes the best zip-front hoodies , period . Having them in big and tall sizes makes Russell super cool - big dudes want to have something to work out/walk/camp / chill in too !
 Bought this for my wonderful husband whom is very hard to fit ! It fit great and was just the right weight for him .
 I just bought a one of the Russell Hooded sweatshirts and I would advise to purchase a size up due to the fact that it does shrink after it has been washed and dryer dried , other than that I 'm very happy with the product.Mel
 Admittedly California 's winters are mild , but this hooded sweatshirt was a real comfort when the winds blew chilly in Southern California . Best money I ever spent !
 I am a BIG Guy and this jacket is great in all the sizes amazon carries.Nice jacket and great price !
 I am extremely pleased with the sweatshirt . It was the perfect size and fit . It is plush and very warm . It also had lots of extras like the Russel logo zip pull and the embroidered logo on the sleeve . I am very pleased with the item . I have ordered more .
 For those of you with longer hair who do n't always want to take the time to straighten or fix , I highly recommend this hat . Great fit , very comfortable and stylish !!
 I love the softness , feel and fit of these short-pant Cuddl Duds so much I 'm buying more . The lace is a pretty and feminine and it softened up after the first wash . Could be because I accidentally washed mine in hot water . The hot water did n't seem to hurt the shorts at all but I wo n't push my luck . I like these for warmth but will wear them into the summer as well .
 These are fabulous under skirts during hot summers . Avoids any unplesant chafing .
 I 've ben looking for these for a long time ! Especially in black and shorter than ankle length.I highly recommend this product .
 I have bought this product for years and I like them soooo much , I keep coming back to buy more when needed . I hope you continue to sell them .
 I have bought this item previously and they provide warmth and fit well . Very satisfied with product . Recommended it to friends .
 I like skirts . Slacks , too , but I 'm partial to skirts because I like being girlie . Chuckle . But skirts are way too cold in the winter , even in Virginia ... but not when I wear these short pants . I 've used CuddlDuds for YEARS and loved them , but this is the best yet . Both my office and my church are drafty , but with these , I 'm warm as toast . Needless to say , I recommend them to everyone . They wear forever and do extremely well in both washer and dryer . They 're so light weight and take hardly any room in my suitcase -LRB- I travel to a number of countries where women still wear more skirts than slacks . -RRB-
 I like the swim suit . I ordered a size 28 and I am supposed to wear 32 , so just watch out for the size so that you do n't have to ship it back .
 I was very pleased with the price -LRB- 21.99 each -RRB- , as I typically have paid 28-30 in stores . They arrived in just a few days . One negative comment is I wish they had more of the colors available to order , even if it would have been a back-order . They only offered 3 or 4 colors . But I 'm very pleased , and will by my swimming suits from Amazon again in the future .
 One of the things about this suit is that if you are an avid swimmer like I am , do not wear it to the pool , because the chlorine will eat it up -LRB- the rear end of the suit , right along the seam , usually goes first -RRB- . Otherwise it is great for swimming and sunning , it offers minimal coverage without being obscene . If if was n't for the fact that this suit wear out so easily if you do n't take care of it , it would be perfect .
 I am satisified with the product because of the quality and style .
 fit is great wife likes it and thats all that countsill buy more from here
 I bought the white one to tease my husband on our honeymoon . I told him if I had to wear lingerie so should he . He actually wore it and it looked great on him , however/therefore I would never have him leave the house in it . We did not test it in water but I would guess it would be quite see through . If you are not in really great shape or would feel uncomfortable if others saw you naked , I would not recommend it for use in public because it will show every detail of your physique and it is tiny -LRB- very little coverage of `` stuff '' -RRB- . Please also never get it wet in public -LRB- or wear it at all -RRB- , especially if children are present , that would just be all kinds of icky . However , in the right private setting , wearing it may just `` WOW '' the right lady !
 I have 17 pairs of these now because they are good . I feel like a bird in the water , um ... . i have 18 of these . i apparently bought another . They good :-RRB- - Kristna Yalimanchili
 The best Swim suit that I have ever seen in the USI strongly believe that this is the best Speedo suits that I have ever bought in this country . The swim suites being made of very soft and elastic fabric , it does not cause the itchiness on your waste , hips , and crotch , which usually happens when you put on small Speedos like this . The suits actually have only one inch cloth on the sides , you may move your legs in the water very easily , and it makes your swim performance far better than the other Speedos . Another good feature of this suit is that there are many variation of color . I own white , black and dark blue one . I personally do not recommend the one in white and very light color , since it become absolutely see-through when wet.I know there is one big concern when men wearing this suite . Here is my comment to someone who does not have confidence to wear them in swimming pool
 Over the years I have owned my share of swim suits . I do a lot of lap swimming and just recently started doing triathlons . I got this suit when I was training for a triathlon over the summer and it was one of the smartest things that I have ever done . When it comes to racing , or just working out , I am a firm believer that less is more . I own several other suits by TYR and Nike and this one is by far the best . You have complete freedom of movement and are able to glide through the water like a knife . The difference really is amazing . I do admit that it does take a little to get over the shyness , but once your in the water all that dos n't matter anyway . Only your performance matters . It fits perfect and looks good as well . It really is the best suit I have ever owned and wo n't buy anything else now . I am planning on getting several others just so they do n't wear out as fast .
 This suit is small , tight , low , and very sexy . I bought this strictly for the beach and for tan lines , but have n't made it out there yet . Ca n't wait to see the tan lines this suit leaves ! Should be hot .
 I was very pleased with this selection of men 's swimsuits . I bought a Black , Red and also a White . I am a very picky person but am very sartisfied with my selecting Speedo .
 I am a serious swimmer , and I am a great believer in `` Less is Best ! '' I know that the Speedo Fastskin full body suit creates an artificial surface that may be faster than bare skin alone , but when the chips are down for the Big Meet , I 'll shave down and really zip along with only minimal coverage . Body hair is really a drag . So this Speedo , along with similar low-rider briefs are my favorites.Please , guys , if you do n't have the proper build or are obese and/or have a paunch , DO NOT WEAR THIS or anything else resembling this Speedo !! Your goal should be to work on your physique so you can safely look great in this wonderful Speedo.However , if you are in decent condition , then go for it and be proud to show off your body ! People will naturally look at you ! Women will admire your looks and men will be envious ! So there you have it .
 I swim a miles 3-4 times/week and prefer a comfortable suit and the Speedo `` Solar '' is definitely it ; excellent fit , inexpensive , durable , and a wide selection of nice colors with mine being `` Ocean '' -LRB- light blue -RRB- and `` Eucalyptus '' -LRB- darkish green -RRB- with the `` Dark Maroon '' probably next ; sizing seems a little on the large side so if you normally wear a 30 '' you might want to order a 28 '' ; fabric seems softer to the touch than Speedo 's competition suits ; really a GREAT SUIT for anyone who simply wants to dive in the pool and swim a relaxing mile or so before breakfast ; `` beach wear '' only for those in good shape !
 The Solar 1 '' has been awesome . I got Navy and White and they both look stellar . They are definately not for the modest as they do not cover much -LRB- much less in the front and about 1/4 inch less coverage on each side of the back -RRB- . Both colors show every contour of your parts , so be warned ! The blue is very shimmery , high quality material , and I expect it to last a while . The white almost seems like a stiffer material and uses a different lining . The lining in the white is fairly useless when wet . You will definately get looks because the white becomes almost completely see-through . Other than that , they make for a great training suit . Lots of freedom of movement .
 Bought for husband . He loves it ! Looks great on him ! Seems to be quality material .
 great product . . i got an empty box on my first shipment , but the sent a new one overnight ... ca n't complain
 Speedo makes great swimming suits and this 1 '' model -LRB- the one inch being the measurement of the material at the side of the hip -RRB- , is designed for friction-free swimming . It is very `` brief '' , and covers only the essentials . Please men , if you have a roll of fat or a huge rear end , this is not the suit for you!Relatively inexpensive at around 20 bucks , this suit has just one drawback - it will fade in color and get thinner as it is exposed to chlorinated water . To make it last longer , always rinse the suit out in cold water after swimming , this will slow the wearing of the suit . There are other suits that are of heavier construction that will not thin as much as this Speedo , but with the heavier construction comes more bulk and more friction - so choose your enemy -LRB- bulk and longer-lasting , or a faster more comfortable suit but wears out quicker -RRB- . Most of my suits last about a year , and I swim about 3-4 times a week.I do recommend Speedo suits and most Speedo products for they are made for both the recreational lap-swimmer and the competitive swimmer . When you jump in the pool with one of these babies on , the rest of the swimmers know you are there for business and not a casual dip!Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
 I swim 3-5 miles a week and I have been wearing this suit for 3 years . Excellent fit with great support . The higher leg cut allows more movement without bunching up . Like all swimwear , I do have to replace it after 4-5 months of continuous wear because color fades and material thins . But that is expected with the amount of chlorine exposure . One way I have found to prolong its life is to soak it in ice water for a few hours after use.Some reviews have stated that the sizing is on the small side . I believe the sizing is intended to be slightly smaller than regular clothes . Because the material will stretch a bit after a couple of uses , if one gets a size larger -LRB- which I did once by accident -RRB- , then the streamline fit is lost.As for the color , as a serious swimmer , I personally prefer the darker shades -LRB- black or navy -RRB- . I assume that I already get plenty of attention with the 1 '' cut that I do not want to draw even more attention with a bright red or yellow suit . But if that is your intent , go for the light colors.Bottom line
 I have several of these bikinis and have never had a problem with them . Recently picked up the new white version and even though it is fully lined -LRB- front & back -RRB- it is completely see through when wet . Maybe not a bad thing ?
 I 'm really not one to order swimsuits online . I prefer to look at and try on my suits first , as they are all sized differently in their various styles . This year , however , my swimsuits style of choice , the speedo , has been very hard to find . I 've had this style of suit before , so I felt safe ordering it online . When I got the suit , I realized just how small the style of suit actually was . The cut is fine , the fabric just right , but this suit is n't for the squeamish or shy . The 1 '' measurement is for the hip measurement , and it realy is only 1 '' wide there . The suit has a full back , but due to the small cut of the suit in general , it seems smaller . The front is fully lined , and both front and back have seams down the middle . Really , only confident , fit guys should have this suit , as any physical flaws will be magnified by a suit of this type . If you have low body fat , good self-confidence , and want a good tan , go for it !
 I got the white . Yes , it is completely see through while wet , but feels weird since it 's double ply , all around . That makes it feel a little bulky , as if it was a heavy Poly . But that also means it will last a lot longer , and a snag or hole will not ruin the suit.If you want to show everything , this is the one for you . I got my normal waist size -LRB- 36 -RRB- and it fits as expected .
 I own three , a black , a navy , and a gold . Now , I do have a couple of others from another manufacturer which are extremely sexy -LRB- at least to the women I 've met -RRB- but I would n't recommend swimming in them.Now , Speedo with their 1 '' bikini -LRB- Solar -RRB- style is perfect . It fits , looks good , stays on in the water , and I get compliments on my tan line . The gold shows the outline of all that is man so I do n't wear it around kids . But the dark ones are perfect for the public pools and beaches so I usually get those . I am planning to buy a white one for the tan I 'll get later this year . : -RRB- Speedo is my favorite . I order one size smaller because it stretches after a few wears but seems to stop at the right size .
 This suit fits perfectly . It is brief-flatteringly so , and to allow freedom of movement-without being tacky . Very comfortable ... I ordered a second one .
 it is impossible to top the review from rebecca who bought this for her husband to wear in the bedroom , so i will just say that i swim 14 km weekly and the usual lycra-poly suit -LRB- including Speedo 's ` endurance ' -RRB- lasts 2 months for me . now after 2 months using the 1 '' solar , it shows essentially no signs of wear and has not lost its shape . it is does not , unfortunately , make me swim any faster . but the comfort , quality , and good looks make my daily swim more pleasant . i agree with the review that suggested 1 size down from actual , i.e. if you are 34 '' waist , choose the 32 '' solar , but this is only a suit for fit and athletic men .
 I have been wearing the solar speedo for years . It fits perfectly with the center and rear seam . As a fitness trainer , I have my corporate logo put on them as well . Having a built body , with a suit designed for a man who should be wearing a speedo only helps to boost my business . I would recommend this Speedo to any man who wants comfort on the beach , or competitive swimming in a pool . The look is great , the look is confidence . START WEARING THEM !
 I bought this costume for my 7 year old granddaughter for Christmas . I had to have my sister stuff the headpiece because it looked like a headband . With the stuffing , it looked more like what it 's suppose to look like . Overall , it was a big hit with my granddaughter . She put on a fashion show for us with all the costumes I bought her for Christmas .
 I ordered this for a play my daughter was in . It fit perfectly ... I 'd say to buy a size up . She looked gorgeous . It 's very nicely made too
 Great fit , quality , and price ! I will be back ! Received order quickly , too !
 I was looking for these on several web sites and these jeans were a great buy . I use them along with a pair of wind breakers for riding a motorcycle in cold weather . They work just fine ...
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 Speedo makes great swimming suits and this 1 '' model -LRB- the one inch being the measurement of the material at the side of the hip -RRB- , is designed for friction-free swimming . It is very `` brief '' , and covers only the essentials . Please men , if you have a roll of fat or a huge rear end , this is not the suit for you!Relatively inexpensive at around 20 bucks , this suit has just one drawback - it will fade in color and get thinner as it is exposed to chlorinated water . To make it last longer , always rinse the suit out in cold water after swimming , this will slow the wearing of the suit . There are other suits that are of heavier construction that will not thin as much as this Speedo , but with the heavier construction comes more bulk and more friction - so choose your enemy -LRB- bulk and longer-lasting , or a faster more comfortable suit but wears out quicker -RRB- . Most of my suits last about a year , and I swim about 3-4 times a week.I do recommend Speedo suits and most Speedo products for they are made for both the recreational lap-swimmer and the competitive swimmer . When you jump in the pool with one of these babies on , the rest of the swimmers know you are there for business and not a casual dip!Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
 I swim 3-5 miles a week and I have been wearing this suit for 3 years . Excellent fit with great support . The higher leg cut allows more movement without bunching up . Like all swimwear , I do have to replace it after 4-5 months of continuous wear because color fades and material thins . But that is expected with the amount of chlorine exposure . One way I have found to prolong its life is to soak it in ice water for a few hours after use.Some reviews have stated that the sizing is on the small side . I believe the sizing is intended to be slightly smaller than regular clothes . Because the material will stretch a bit after a couple of uses , if one gets a size larger -LRB- which I did once by accident -RRB- , then the streamline fit is lost.As for the color , as a serious swimmer , I personally prefer the darker shades -LRB- black or navy -RRB- . I assume that I already get plenty of attention with the 1 '' cut that I do not want to draw even more attention with a bright red or yellow suit . But if that is your intent , go for the light colors.Bottom line
 I have several of these bikinis and have never had a problem with them . Recently picked up the new white version and even though it is fully lined -LRB- front & back -RRB- it is completely see through when wet . Maybe not a bad thing ?
 I 'm really not one to order swimsuits online . I prefer to look at and try on my suits first , as they are all sized differently in their various styles . This year , however , my swimsuits style of choice , the speedo , has been very hard to find . I 've had this style of suit before , so I felt safe ordering it online . When I got the suit , I realized just how small the style of suit actually was . The cut is fine , the fabric just right , but this suit is n't for the squeamish or shy . The 1 '' measurement is for the hip measurement , and it realy is only 1 '' wide there . The suit has a full back , but due to the small cut of the suit in general , it seems smaller . The front is fully lined , and both front and back have seams down the middle . Really , only confident , fit guys should have this suit , as any physical flaws will be magnified by a suit of this type . If you have low body fat , good self-confidence , and want a good tan , go for it !
 I got the white . Yes , it is completely see through while wet , but feels weird since it 's double ply , all around . That makes it feel a little bulky , as if it was a heavy Poly . But that also means it will last a lot longer , and a snag or hole will not ruin the suit.If you want to show everything , this is the one for you . I got my normal waist size -LRB- 36 -RRB- and it fits as expected .
 I own three , a black , a navy , and a gold . Now , I do have a couple of others from another manufacturer which are extremely sexy -LRB- at least to the women I 've met -RRB- but I would n't recommend swimming in them.Now , Speedo with their 1 '' bikini -LRB- Solar -RRB- style is perfect . It fits , looks good , stays on in the water , and I get compliments on my tan line . The gold shows the outline of all that is man so I do n't wear it around kids . But the dark ones are perfect for the public pools and beaches so I usually get those . I am planning to buy a white one for the tan I 'll get later this year . : -RRB- Speedo is my favorite . I order one size smaller because it stretches after a few wears but seems to stop at the right size .
 This suit fits perfectly . It is brief-flatteringly so , and to allow freedom of movement-without being tacky . Very comfortable ... I ordered a second one .
 it is impossible to top the review from rebecca who bought this for her husband to wear in the bedroom , so i will just say that i swim 14 km weekly and the usual lycra-poly suit -LRB- including Speedo 's ` endurance ' -RRB- lasts 2 months for me . now after 2 months using the 1 '' solar , it shows essentially no signs of wear and has not lost its shape . it is does not , unfortunately , make me swim any faster . but the comfort , quality , and good looks make my daily swim more pleasant . i agree with the review that suggested 1 size down from actual , i.e. if you are 34 '' waist , choose the 32 '' solar , but this is only a suit for fit and athletic men .
 I have been wearing the solar speedo for years . It fits perfectly with the center and rear seam . As a fitness trainer , I have my corporate logo put on them as well . Having a built body , with a suit designed for a man who should be wearing a speedo only helps to boost my business . I would recommend this Speedo to any man who wants comfort on the beach , or competitive swimming in a pool . The look is great , the look is confidence . START WEARING THEM !
 great product . . i got an empty box on my first shipment , but the sent a new one overnight ... ca n't complain
 The best Swim suit that I have ever seen in the USI strongly believe that this is the best Speedo suits that I have ever bought in this country . The swim suites being made of very soft and elastic fabric , it does not cause the itchiness on your waste , hips , and crotch , which usually happens when you put on small Speedos like this . The suits actually have only one inch cloth on the sides , you may move your legs in the water very easily , and it makes your swim performance far better than the other Speedos . Another good feature of this suit is that there are many variation of color . I own white , black and dark blue one . I personally do not recommend the one in white and very light color , since it become absolutely see-through when wet.I know there is one big concern when men wearing this suite . Here is my comment to someone who does not have confidence to wear them in swimming pool
 Over the years I have owned my share of swim suits . I do a lot of lap swimming and just recently started doing triathlons . I got this suit when I was training for a triathlon over the summer and it was one of the smartest things that I have ever done . When it comes to racing , or just working out , I am a firm believer that less is more . I own several other suits by TYR and Nike and this one is by far the best . You have complete freedom of movement and are able to glide through the water like a knife . The difference really is amazing . I do admit that it does take a little to get over the shyness , but once your in the water all that dos n't matter anyway . Only your performance matters . It fits perfect and looks good as well . It really is the best suit I have ever owned and wo n't buy anything else now . I am planning on getting several others just so they do n't wear out as fast .
 This suit is small , tight , low , and very sexy . I bought this strictly for the beach and for tan lines , but have n't made it out there yet . Ca n't wait to see the tan lines this suit leaves ! Should be hot .
 I was very pleased with this selection of men 's swimsuits . I bought a Black , Red and also a White . I am a very picky person but am very sartisfied with my selecting Speedo .
 I am a serious swimmer , and I am a great believer in `` Less is Best ! '' I know that the Speedo Fastskin full body suit creates an artificial surface that may be faster than bare skin alone , but when the chips are down for the Big Meet , I 'll shave down and really zip along with only minimal coverage . Body hair is really a drag . So this Speedo , along with similar low-rider briefs are my favorites.Please , guys , if you do n't have the proper build or are obese and/or have a paunch , DO NOT WEAR THIS or anything else resembling this Speedo !! Your goal should be to work on your physique so you can safely look great in this wonderful Speedo.However , if you are in decent condition , then go for it and be proud to show off your body ! People will naturally look at you ! Women will admire your looks and men will be envious ! So there you have it .
 I swim a miles 3-4 times/week and prefer a comfortable suit and the Speedo `` Solar '' is definitely it ; excellent fit , inexpensive , durable , and a wide selection of nice colors with mine being `` Ocean '' -LRB- light blue -RRB- and `` Eucalyptus '' -LRB- darkish green -RRB- with the `` Dark Maroon '' probably next ; sizing seems a little on the large side so if you normally wear a 30 '' you might want to order a 28 '' ; fabric seems softer to the touch than Speedo 's competition suits ; really a GREAT SUIT for anyone who simply wants to dive in the pool and swim a relaxing mile or so before breakfast ; `` beach wear '' only for those in good shape !
 The Solar 1 '' has been awesome . I got Navy and White and they both look stellar . They are definately not for the modest as they do not cover much -LRB- much less in the front and about 1/4 inch less coverage on each side of the back -RRB- . Both colors show every contour of your parts , so be warned ! The blue is very shimmery , high quality material , and I expect it to last a while . The white almost seems like a stiffer material and uses a different lining . The lining in the white is fairly useless when wet . You will definately get looks because the white becomes almost completely see-through . Other than that , they make for a great training suit . Lots of freedom of movement .
 Bought for husband . He loves it ! Looks great on him ! Seems to be quality material .
 I like the swim suit . I ordered a size 28 and I am supposed to wear 32 , so just watch out for the size so that you do n't have to ship it back .
 I was very pleased with the price -LRB- 21.99 each -RRB- , as I typically have paid 28-30 in stores . They arrived in just a few days . One negative comment is I wish they had more of the colors available to order , even if it would have been a back-order . They only offered 3 or 4 colors . But I 'm very pleased , and will by my swimming suits from Amazon again in the future .
 One of the things about this suit is that if you are an avid swimmer like I am , do not wear it to the pool , because the chlorine will eat it up -LRB- the rear end of the suit , right along the seam , usually goes first -RRB- . Otherwise it is great for swimming and sunning , it offers minimal coverage without being obscene . If if was n't for the fact that this suit wear out so easily if you do n't take care of it , it would be perfect .
 I am satisified with the product because of the quality and style .
 fit is great wife likes it and thats all that countsill buy more from here
 I bought the white one to tease my husband on our honeymoon . I told him if I had to wear lingerie so should he . He actually wore it and it looked great on him , however/therefore I would never have him leave the house in it . We did not test it in water but I would guess it would be quite see through . If you are not in really great shape or would feel uncomfortable if others saw you naked , I would not recommend it for use in public because it will show every detail of your physique and it is tiny -LRB- very little coverage of `` stuff '' -RRB- . Please also never get it wet in public -LRB- or wear it at all -RRB- , especially if children are present , that would just be all kinds of icky . However , in the right private setting , wearing it may just `` WOW '' the right lady !
 I have 17 pairs of these now because they are good . I feel like a bird in the water , um ... . i have 18 of these . i apparently bought another . They good :-RRB- - Kristna Yalimanchili
 It 's so beautiful ! And it came so quickly ! I 'm completely satisfied ... it 's even better than the picture shows ... it 's exactly what I wanted ! If I did n't already have one , I 'd buy another . In fact , I might buy the spider one , because it looks pretty , too .
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 I used to buy clothes over the net . Many times they are not thesize ordered . These pants were a perfect fit . Correct size andperfect for cold weather . I 've washed and worn them sometimes and they are holding up very well .
 I bought this keychain to separate the keys I use everyday from all the keys I carry so i could conveniently find them . The keys are put on the ring by pressing it on both sides which disengages it from the sterling silver holder and then once the keys are on it snaps back in place . the key ring frequently came off the silver holder in my pocket until I manually spread it apart by brute force and now it stays in place . Until i did t6hat however , it was a real bother .
 Great fit , quality , and price ! I will be back ! Received order quickly , too !
 I was looking for these on several web sites and these jeans were a great buy . I use them along with a pair of wind breakers for riding a motorcycle in cold weather . They work just fine ...
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 This was a good buy . Everything was as it should have been . It arrived before schedule and was as described at Amazon . I love it . No regrets .
 This cincher holds up stockings securely with metal garter tabs , and gives a nice all-around squeeze without pinching , unlike some other garter belts I 've tried . Great if you 're worried about keeping your stockings up comfortably under clothing .
 Great fit , quality , and price ! I will be back ! Received order quickly , too !
 I was looking for these on several web sites and these jeans were a great buy . I use them along with a pair of wind breakers for riding a motorcycle in cold weather . They work just fine ...
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is a nic orangizer to have in the car . It fits perfectly into the glove compartment however nothing else fits in there except for a few napkins . I like the way it holds all important information but can be a bit bulky .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I have a custom 2002 silverado sport side show truck that has been in 2 magazines and has won countless first places at shows , it has a 5 speed Hurst shifter in it and I get compliments all the time about it , it rare to see a truck these days with a manual transmission , its even more rare to see a Hurst factory installed shifter . I also have a 2013 camaro 6 speed with a Hurst shifter and its all I use
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 Great fit , quality , and price ! I will be back ! Received order quickly , too !
 I was looking for these on several web sites and these jeans were a great buy . I use them along with a pair of wind breakers for riding a motorcycle in cold weather . They work just fine ...
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 Great fit , quality , and price ! I will be back ! Received order quickly , too !
 I was looking for these on several web sites and these jeans were a great buy . I use them along with a pair of wind breakers for riding a motorcycle in cold weather . They work just fine ...
 Great fit , quality , and price ! I will be back ! Received order quickly , too !
 I was looking for these on several web sites and these jeans were a great buy . I use them along with a pair of wind breakers for riding a motorcycle in cold weather . They work just fine ...
 this is really great for when your in and out of the water it really keeps you warm ...
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 My wife always gets runs in her stockings and these are pretty durable , she love them . Great service too !
 These are amazing ! With the regular run of the mill pantyhose that you get at the store I go through a pair a day . I wear them for work and I am running around all day , plus I am not very careful . At $ 5 bucks a pop with the regular ones , it was getting expensive . I bought these , which is a great price already , and I love them . They are durable.I wash them and wear them over and over again . They have saved me so much money . They may not be as snug as others but I can overlook that , not a big deal for me .
 Its a little heavy to be used for the purpose it was bought for -LRB- to be my 2nd bag/carryon when traveling with backpack -RRB- but it is a great , sturdy bag ! It fits my laptop in neophrene sleeve , and pretty large Crumpler camera bag , so its a nicer alternative to a daypack for business travel . The organizing pockets are great . There is no key chain as promised - not sure if my bag is defective or description is outdated . The only thing that would make this bag more perfect - but would probably mar the ease of use - is some sort of rain protection flap for under/over the zipper . I could see how water could seep in ...
 We are using this bag in the next size up -LRB- medium -RRB- as a diaper bag & we love it ! It 's cool enough for mom or dad to use , quite roomy without being huge , has usable pockets for baby related stuff & is totally durable . Another great product by Timbuk2 !
 I wanted this bag for a purse . Ultimately I found it was too small . But this is not really a problem since Timbuk2 makes the same bag in Medium . Well , the problem is that the zipper gussets are very wide in order to close the bag , and when the zipper is open and the gussets flap down into the bag , they cover up the openings to all the interior pockets . So then you have to hold the gussets up and out of the bag with one hand while fishing around inside for the thing you want . Too much hassle . But in every other way these Timbuk2 bags are great .
 I am using the bag for everything , it is the perfect size for on the go . Everything is in the bag the night before and I am out the door . This is the cheapest price I found online for these bags . Love it love it !!!
 Have this and several others by Timbuk2 . They are well made , good looking , practical and rugged bags that stand up to a lot of use . Ca n't go wrong . This small size is more handbag size and the medium is a the perfect tote size .
 I bought this bag for my new life in New York . I knew I needed a water-resistant bag for my laptop , so this is the one I chose . There is a way for water to still get in the bag , but it was n't enough to make me worry -LRB- but I do have a separate sleeve that I put my computer in . Most of the time , though , I just used this bag to carry my work shoes and purse . It fit everything nicely and was comfortable to carry . It has nice pockets inside -- I wish the big one was a little more rigid or tailored or something , but it still works great ... I just wish it had more pockets outside . Otherwise , though , I 'd recommend this . I have the medium one . : -RRB-
 This bag is attractive and built to last . I use it to haul personal belongings back and forth to work , but it also would make a great gym bag , overnight bag , carry-on , or beach tote . The top zips closed or folds back inside the bag . It easily stands upright with or without a load . The straps are a good practical length , and it comes with a detachable shoulder strap .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 very happy with the look and fit . the fabric feel is great , do n't even think of them as `` khakis '' .
 The pants are very soft and comfortable . The color holds up fairly well , but I do wish the darker colors held better . I do recommend them .
 To often I have made the mistake of ordering from unreliable clothing sellers , but not here . These are real Dockers slacks with real quality . These run true to size and are excellent quality materials for a decent price . I like the pleated slacks myself because after hitting thirty plus most men have a little extra in the handle section . Pleats seem to disguise that nicely . I recommend these because Dockers are great slacks and wear well , and these are true Dockers.CA Luster
 Product arrive well ahead of schedule , met expectations , and price was better than local retail .
 received the pants when you said . they fit . i am pleased with the purchase and the delivery
 I absolutely love these -LRB- white -RRB- Dockers pants ! They go very well with both polo shirts and long-sleeve dress shirts and are made of very comfortable cotton . For summer wear , you can get a casual yet very classy look if you pair them with a shirt from Van Heusen , DKNY , Pierre Cardin , Geoffrey Beene , Stafford or other such brand . The `` individual-fit '' waistband automatically expands by one inch for added comfort .
 I hate shopping anywhere but online . Pant sizes , however , tend to be so irregular that I 've had no choice but to head for a Sears or Kohl 's -LRB- or Walmart , if it 's closer -RRB- . Finally , a solution
 Pants fit real nice . They have the individual fit waistband that is real nice . No complaints so far .
 I bought these for my father who is 6 ' 5 '' for father 's day , in black -LCB- 36x36 -RCB- . They are excellent quality , have a great fit , and look perfect on him . Great range of sizes !
 I really like these pants . They fit and are a little stretchy in the waist . It is just enough to make up for some of the mid-life expansion my body is going through . I bet it will work for you too !
 I bought these pants for my husband for work and he loves them . They wash well and still look good !
 I did not pay extra for shipping and thought I might regret it . I received my son 's pants within 3 days !!! Awesome !!
 It 's tough to beat Dockers for casual pants - good looks and a good fit .
 These are great pants . They are really comfortable and easy to care for . I 'm saving money too because I do n't have to take these to the dry cleaners . I love the `` Individual Fit '' waste band . Who would n't like pants that fit a larger waste size without making you admit the weight gain by buying the larger size .
 These pants are really great . They fit well and rarely wrinkle . I like that they are really classic - I can wear them at the office and then I can wear them if I go out later in the evening as well . I have owned a lot of Docker 's pants and they all last extremely well .
 This product earns five stars not just because it is comfortable to wear and looks good but because it is available in more size -LRB- inseam -RRB- ranges than other Dockers products . And by ordering online one can largely avoid the disappointment of store stock outs .
 We had a hard time finding Dockers in 29x30 . This place had them , and they fit great . Shipping was quick . We would buy from again.Recommended !!
 The Dockers `` individual fit '' system works well , in that one can get by without `` odd '' waist sizes like 33 , 35 , etc. by ordering even sizes and allowing the system to stretch a bit if it needs to . These pants are very durable , and still look presentable after washing and machine drying . An ironing every so often would probably be useful for `` business casual '' . A good value .
 I went online for information about Dockers Khaki pants . The size my husband wears are very hard to find in stores . I was very impressed with the selection I had and he was thrilled to have all these pants without having them taken up in the length . The delivery was quick -LRB- especially during Christmas -RRB- and I really appreciate all the effort made to send us the selections we chose .
 The pants were just what I was looking for and the seller , Beals Florida was prompt and courteous .
 Ok so these are great pants . Come on guys . They are pleated . Even though the stores sell pleated pants does n't mean you should be wearing them.The only thing the pleats do is add bulk to the waist line area and make you look fat or fatter.Just get the flat front Dockers and do all of us a favor .
 This product was just what I was hoping for , and I had no problem with shipping . I highly recommend this product .
 `` Package arrived before the estimated date , and actually was delivered the same day as another item ordered from another seller which was sent 2nd-day air on the same day ! Way to go Bealls ! The pants fit fine , right colors , right size , so that 's what counts . ''
 Good communication and super-fast shipping ! Item arrived exactly as described -LRB- I am actually wearing them right now ... -RRB- . I have never had a better online purchasing experience . Thanks a million !
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I bought these for my father who is 6 ' 5 '' for father 's day , in black -LCB- 36x36 -RCB- . They are excellent quality , have a great fit , and look perfect on him . Great range of sizes !
 I really like these pants . They fit and are a little stretchy in the waist . It is just enough to make up for some of the mid-life expansion my body is going through . I bet it will work for you too !
 I bought these pants for my husband for work and he loves them . They wash well and still look good !
 I did not pay extra for shipping and thought I might regret it . I received my son 's pants within 3 days !!! Awesome !!
 It 's tough to beat Dockers for casual pants - good looks and a good fit .
 very happy with the look and fit . the fabric feel is great , do n't even think of them as `` khakis '' .
 The pants are very soft and comfortable . The color holds up fairly well , but I do wish the darker colors held better . I do recommend them .
 To often I have made the mistake of ordering from unreliable clothing sellers , but not here . These are real Dockers slacks with real quality . These run true to size and are excellent quality materials for a decent price . I like the pleated slacks myself because after hitting thirty plus most men have a little extra in the handle section . Pleats seem to disguise that nicely . I recommend these because Dockers are great slacks and wear well , and these are true Dockers.CA Luster
 Product arrive well ahead of schedule , met expectations , and price was better than local retail .
 received the pants when you said . they fit . i am pleased with the purchase and the delivery
 I absolutely love these -LRB- white -RRB- Dockers pants ! They go very well with both polo shirts and long-sleeve dress shirts and are made of very comfortable cotton . For summer wear , you can get a casual yet very classy look if you pair them with a shirt from Van Heusen , DKNY , Pierre Cardin , Geoffrey Beene , Stafford or other such brand . The `` individual-fit '' waistband automatically expands by one inch for added comfort .
 I hate shopping anywhere but online . Pant sizes , however , tend to be so irregular that I 've had no choice but to head for a Sears or Kohl 's -LRB- or Walmart , if it 's closer -RRB- . Finally , a solution
 Pants fit real nice . They have the individual fit waistband that is real nice . No complaints so far .
 This product was just what I was hoping for , and I had no problem with shipping . I highly recommend this product .
 `` Package arrived before the estimated date , and actually was delivered the same day as another item ordered from another seller which was sent 2nd-day air on the same day ! Way to go Bealls ! The pants fit fine , right colors , right size , so that 's what counts . ''
 Good communication and super-fast shipping ! Item arrived exactly as described -LRB- I am actually wearing them right now ... -RRB- . I have never had a better online purchasing experience . Thanks a million !
 Ok so these are great pants . Come on guys . They are pleated . Even though the stores sell pleated pants does n't mean you should be wearing them.The only thing the pleats do is add bulk to the waist line area and make you look fat or fatter.Just get the flat front Dockers and do all of us a favor .
 These are great pants . They are really comfortable and easy to care for . I 'm saving money too because I do n't have to take these to the dry cleaners . I love the `` Individual Fit '' waste band . Who would n't like pants that fit a larger waste size without making you admit the weight gain by buying the larger size .
 These pants are really great . They fit well and rarely wrinkle . I like that they are really classic - I can wear them at the office and then I can wear them if I go out later in the evening as well . I have owned a lot of Docker 's pants and they all last extremely well .
 This product earns five stars not just because it is comfortable to wear and looks good but because it is available in more size -LRB- inseam -RRB- ranges than other Dockers products . And by ordering online one can largely avoid the disappointment of store stock outs .
 We had a hard time finding Dockers in 29x30 . This place had them , and they fit great . Shipping was quick . We would buy from again.Recommended !!
 The Dockers `` individual fit '' system works well , in that one can get by without `` odd '' waist sizes like 33 , 35 , etc. by ordering even sizes and allowing the system to stretch a bit if it needs to . These pants are very durable , and still look presentable after washing and machine drying . An ironing every so often would probably be useful for `` business casual '' . A good value .
 I went online for information about Dockers Khaki pants . The size my husband wears are very hard to find in stores . I was very impressed with the selection I had and he was thrilled to have all these pants without having them taken up in the length . The delivery was quick -LRB- especially during Christmas -RRB- and I really appreciate all the effort made to send us the selections we chose .
 The pants were just what I was looking for and the seller , Beals Florida was prompt and courteous .
 These are great pants . They are really comfortable and easy to care for . I 'm saving money too because I do n't have to take these to the dry cleaners . I love the `` Individual Fit '' waste band . Who would n't like pants that fit a larger waste size without making you admit the weight gain by buying the larger size .
 These pants are really great . They fit well and rarely wrinkle . I like that they are really classic - I can wear them at the office and then I can wear them if I go out later in the evening as well . I have owned a lot of Docker 's pants and they all last extremely well .
 This product earns five stars not just because it is comfortable to wear and looks good but because it is available in more size -LRB- inseam -RRB- ranges than other Dockers products . And by ordering online one can largely avoid the disappointment of store stock outs .
 We had a hard time finding Dockers in 29x30 . This place had them , and they fit great . Shipping was quick . We would buy from again.Recommended !!
 The Dockers `` individual fit '' system works well , in that one can get by without `` odd '' waist sizes like 33 , 35 , etc. by ordering even sizes and allowing the system to stretch a bit if it needs to . These pants are very durable , and still look presentable after washing and machine drying . An ironing every so often would probably be useful for `` business casual '' . A good value .
 I went online for information about Dockers Khaki pants . The size my husband wears are very hard to find in stores . I was very impressed with the selection I had and he was thrilled to have all these pants without having them taken up in the length . The delivery was quick -LRB- especially during Christmas -RRB- and I really appreciate all the effort made to send us the selections we chose .
 The pants were just what I was looking for and the seller , Beals Florida was prompt and courteous .
 Ok so these are great pants . Come on guys . They are pleated . Even though the stores sell pleated pants does n't mean you should be wearing them.The only thing the pleats do is add bulk to the waist line area and make you look fat or fatter.Just get the flat front Dockers and do all of us a favor .
 This product was just what I was hoping for , and I had no problem with shipping . I highly recommend this product .
 `` Package arrived before the estimated date , and actually was delivered the same day as another item ordered from another seller which was sent 2nd-day air on the same day ! Way to go Bealls ! The pants fit fine , right colors , right size , so that 's what counts . ''
 Good communication and super-fast shipping ! Item arrived exactly as described -LRB- I am actually wearing them right now ... -RRB- . I have never had a better online purchasing experience . Thanks a million !
 very happy with the look and fit . the fabric feel is great , do n't even think of them as `` khakis '' .
 The pants are very soft and comfortable . The color holds up fairly well , but I do wish the darker colors held better . I do recommend them .
 To often I have made the mistake of ordering from unreliable clothing sellers , but not here . These are real Dockers slacks with real quality . These run true to size and are excellent quality materials for a decent price . I like the pleated slacks myself because after hitting thirty plus most men have a little extra in the handle section . Pleats seem to disguise that nicely . I recommend these because Dockers are great slacks and wear well , and these are true Dockers.CA Luster
 Product arrive well ahead of schedule , met expectations , and price was better than local retail .
 received the pants when you said . they fit . i am pleased with the purchase and the delivery
 I absolutely love these -LRB- white -RRB- Dockers pants ! They go very well with both polo shirts and long-sleeve dress shirts and are made of very comfortable cotton . For summer wear , you can get a casual yet very classy look if you pair them with a shirt from Van Heusen , DKNY , Pierre Cardin , Geoffrey Beene , Stafford or other such brand . The `` individual-fit '' waistband automatically expands by one inch for added comfort .
 I hate shopping anywhere but online . Pant sizes , however , tend to be so irregular that I 've had no choice but to head for a Sears or Kohl 's -LRB- or Walmart , if it 's closer -RRB- . Finally , a solution
 Pants fit real nice . They have the individual fit waistband that is real nice . No complaints so far .
 I bought these for my father who is 6 ' 5 '' for father 's day , in black -LCB- 36x36 -RCB- . They are excellent quality , have a great fit , and look perfect on him . Great range of sizes !
 I really like these pants . They fit and are a little stretchy in the waist . It is just enough to make up for some of the mid-life expansion my body is going through . I bet it will work for you too !
 I bought these pants for my husband for work and he loves them . They wash well and still look good !
 I did not pay extra for shipping and thought I might regret it . I received my son 's pants within 3 days !!! Awesome !!
 It 's tough to beat Dockers for casual pants - good looks and a good fit .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 These blue jeans are made of high quality sturdy denim and the manufacturing quality is very high , they are made with 7 belt loops instead of just 5 like you see on some blue jeans these days . I will definitely buy more . They are similar to the old traditional indigo Levi 505 straight leg , and the two legs are sewn together with a roomy U-shaped seem . I found out that I can get the dark stone color directly from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Bought 2 pair at Sears -LRB- Relaxed fit -RRB- . Wanted to try a traditional fit pair so I ordered a pair from here . Size and quality were perfect , so I ordered two more pair . I 've been a diehard Levi 's fan for years , but like I have heard , the quality has gone down with Levi 's -LRB- apparently they buy cheap quality Chinese denim -RRB- . I will never buy Levi 's again based on principle alone ... they are arrogant because of their name and they know it . Besides why would I buy them when these WITH SHIPPING are cheaper than Levi 's ? I know for a fact these are built with thicker denim as I work in a diary cooler and my legs are MUCH warmer when I work all day in 38 degrees with these jeans on . In short ... CARHARTTS ROCK ...
 My husband is slim and a carpenter . So many producers of jeans have taken off some of the belt loops . He needs the extra belt loops , esp . when he has his carpenter belt on . The extra loops help him not to get a back ache by giving more support with his belt on . We have looked and looked and have not found any others . His waist is a 32-33 . The jeans are also very good quality and wash up nicely . They have a nice slim fit to them which he also likes and that is hard to find now days too . We hope they do not stop making them and that maybe other companies will return to the original loops . The only thing we could think of is that they are trying to save expense by cutting back on the loops.Mike and Sharen in Michigan
 The description says button fly jeans . They are zipper fly . I will keep them any way cause they fit so nice and the price is good .
 Just as good , if not better , than Levis . The hubby prefers these comfortable jeans . They wash well , size is perfect .
 These jeans are very comfortable , durable , and the fit is great for work.I work in a metal cutting shop and i put a lot abuse on clothes other pants only last me six months usually and these are still going strong a year and a half later , I highly recommend them .
 I 've been a Levis guy for several decades and with their quality going away I finally decided to try something different . I had almost forgotten what a real pair of jeans were like . Now I remember ! Solid material , strong stitching , sufficient belt loops ! Looks like I 've found a new jean !
 This review is more about the size availability offered by Amazon than the Carhartt jeans themselves . The fact that I always buy Carhartt is endorsement enough . What I really appreciate is the availability of the 35W that everyone else seems to be shying away from . Cabela 's , among others , no longer carries the 35W . You know , for years I was size 33W and now in my old age I 'm now a 35W . So I 'm odd , that 's the way it goes ; I 'm a 35W and not a 34 or 36 . Why should I have to go to a store and try on a dozen pairs of Carhartts looking for a pair of small size 36 's or large 34 's ? I get on the computer and order up my correct size at Amazon and have the perfect fit delivered to my door , often for a cheaper price and free shipping . Thanks Amazon .
 I quit buying Levis years ago when my son was in Boy Scouts . They took a social position against Scouting , so I took a purchasing position against Levis.Since then I have tried several brands , eventually discovering Carhartt . I am now 67 and like the way they fit , look and feel . They are very well made and reasonably priced . Just about all you can ask for in a pair of jeans .
 Jeans excellent ! A material and having sewed at the highest level ! The size as if are sewed on you ! I recommend to all!Has ordered one more of other color ! Thanks the manufacturer and firm Essential Apparel !!!
 Great product , heavy demin , fit very well , have odd sizes that fit this old body , shipped very quickly , would buy again ,
 The traditional fit in this jean is a good change of pace from the other loose fitting Carhartt work pants I own . These jeans fit well , are very durable , comfortable , and look great for life 's other events -LRB- dinner , school events , etc. -RRB- without looking like you just came from a construction site . I used to be a Levi jean guy out of habits from my youth , but Carhartt jeans are better .
 Just got these jeans and could not be more pleased . The denim is higher quality than my Levis and the fit is much better . Levis have lost out in my book . Not a thin person , but the traditional fit works for me . Buy 'em and see the difference .
 Great product ! got tired of running around town so decided to try online , what a way to buy . Great if you know what you want .
 Theres a very good reason Carhartt jeans are rated so highly . They are sturdy , always , always true to size , priced right for the quality , fit well and wear well . Just about everything you could ask for in jeans . Oh , I do wish for one more thing - a 29 &#34; inseam so I do n't have to re-hem them for my husband .
 Excellent product at excellent price . This is a heavyweight denim that last , unlike low quality denim used with Levis . I was an avid Levis customer until a pair of jeans would only last me three months at a fifty dollar price tag.I recommend Carhartt Jeans to anyone looking for high quality and durability . With this product you cant go wrong . .
 Great fit and great quality and from experience , long lasting . They are possibly made in the USA , but even if not for the price , it 's a value .
 Since I 'm not willing to pay $ 40 for Levis 505s , these are a good substitute . Only problem is the zipper tends to work down ; you have to make sure the tab is well seated .
 These jeans are perfect . Thick material , good zipper and fastener , right number and placement of belt loops , nice color , accurate sizing , and acceptable shape .
 I like these jeans . They are durable , comfortable , and good looking . The length suits me perfectly . The waist runs small . This has been my experience with other Carhartt jeans as well . I suggest you buy a size that 's two inches bigger in the waist than what you normally wear . After 1-2 wash cycles the jeans should fit great.I 'm 6 ' -0 '' and 180lbs . My normal jean size is 34 '' x 32 '' .
 Good quality , fit , and price . One negative thought . . Not made in the USA . I searched out Carhartt due to a brothers comment about Made in USA .
 GIFT -- Just the size he needs . 35 inch waist . Hard to findJeans Carhartt traditional fit -- 35W X 30L DARK STONE
 I ordered this item because I wanted a pair of jeans , and low and behold - what arrived , on time , was a pair of jeans . They were blue as ordered and exactly the same size as I ordered so on first inspection I was happy.Then I tried them on , and they fit so the secondary inspection was also satisfactory - life is good when things work out the way you expect.What else can I say , I ordered jeans , jeans arrived . They fit . I have a new pair of jeans ... I 'm a happy man . It does n't take that much to make me happy .
 Excellent selection!Product arrived on time.Product fits as described or better.Mhuahh ! Mhuaaah ! Mhuahh ! Mhuaah ! Muahhh!XXOO XXOO XXOO XXOO OOXX OOXX !
 what else can be said , there carhartt.great jeans and even greater price . if you want long lasting jeans to work in then you cant do much better . i usually buy wranglers for work and thought you couldnt do better till i started wearing these and i still recomend wrangler but if you do construction like i do and can get these jeans at this price then i promise you will be happy with them .
 great quality jeans from a good brand at a good price . best fitting jeans of this style i 've had . way better than wrangler !
 I like these jeans beter than Levi jeans . They are high quality , and fit perfectly for the same size each time that I buy them .
 I have been disappointed with the deteriorating quality of Levis jeans and thought I would give Carhartt a shot . Very happy I did . Quality and fit are great . Have bought several pairs of different colors .
 Solid jeans , like those that used to be the standard . Well built , cut to fit , durable denim . Well worth the price .
 Finally , pants that fit the way they were meant to fit . Have switched from store bought to these because of the many different styles .
 It is difficult to find a good pair of jeans these days . Both Levi 's and Lee jeans use such thin poor quality fabric but these new Carhartt jeans are awesome . The fabric is thick and durable and they seem to be well made . They fit well too . I 'm very glad I found this brand as I had never heard of them before . I 'll keep buying them .
 The color i got is dark stone wash , very pure and classic , you ca n't get this blue color from any other brand at this price , and the fabric , of course is heavy-woven , means durable.The size i bought is W30 , i found the waist band has only 5 belt loops instead of 7 , why?because of a careless QC ? other than that , i am very happy with the jeans .
 These jeans are exactly what I expected from Carhartt . Very good fit , durable , with little , to no shrinkage , after washing .
 Delivery was faster then expected and the product -LRB- jeans -RRB- were what I had hoped for . Really good price , fast delivery and sizing that matched what I ordered . With that said , this Amazon purchase was a really smart move on my part .
 A functional step up from today 's work denims ie Lee , Wrangler , Levis . More heavy duty , and regular size fit well without fanny droop . Worth every penny , though I found the dungaree cut products too loose and felt bulky .
 My husband has worn these jeans for several years . This is by far the best price we have found on this particular jean . Very pleased with this purchase .
 Got these today ... extremely well made and good quality ... very happy with the fit and quality ... was n't sure when I ordered them ... but am very glad I did and the price was very reasonable ...
 My boyfriend wears this brand and swears by it . He 's a farmer & wears them out . These hold up to his daily beatings . I bought him 3 pairs for Christmas & my brother purchased him 2 more for Christmas also . They are holding up well . Amazon sells them at the cheapest price so he 's going to purchase the jeans from here instead of going to the outlet stores or outdoor outfitters like he normally does .
 The waist and length for my partner is very difficult to find in brick & motar stores . This is only brand he like to wear and glad that Amazon has these in stock !!!!!!!
 Wont ever buy another brand of jeans for work . These jeans hold up well under lots of wear and tear . Highly recommend .
 Friends visiting from Germany had been asked by their nephew to buy special jeans for him . We were flabbergasted when they said &#34; Carhartt &#34; . Exactly what young man wanted as his is into the fashion scene in a major way in Dusseldorg .
 The traditional fit is perfect for me plus I can get a 35 waist . Not many jeans come in 35 .
 Absolutely a first rate product -- I have worn these jans for years -- will never wear any other jeans -- fine product -- the best fit ever !
 I used to wear Levi 's , then switched to Lee jeans years ago . Used to buy Lee Jeans at Mervyns -LRB- great sale prices -RRB- . Now that Mervyn 's is out of business and I need to replace aging Jeans.I gave these a try based on the reviews here . Fit is very good . -LRB- I 'm slender 6 ' 160lbs -RRB- Jean material is thick , overall well made . I have bought 2 pairs now . -LRB- Dk stone and stone wash -RRB- . Very happy with these jeans . . I will buy more before the holiday sale ends.Update
 My title says it all . These jeans come in 35 inch waist and the traditional fit is really nice . Nice material too
 I discovered Carhartt jeans about 5 years ago . Best jeans I ever wore . I prefer a tapered leg fit and nobody but Carhartt makes them this way anymore.I 've always worn B18 34x30 's but lately the last several pairs I 've purchased the fit is inconsistent . Either the leg is too short or too long . The waist is too tight or too loose -LRB- and no , I have n't gained or lost weight , grew or shrunk either -RRB- . After having washed and washed the last few pairs I 've bought hoping they 'd fit better and rendering them nonreturnable , I have given them to Goodwill.Not sure if the problem is with Carhartt or their manufacturer in Guatemala . I 'll have find a local retailer where I can actually try them on before purchase .
 A very well made , sturdy product . Denim weight is advertised at 15 ounces/yard and is the heaviest weight I could find in the current market . Levis , Wrangler , Lee and a few other brands I examined are all of lesser weight , some considerably so . I make this point because I had n't purchased jeans since the late 1990s and went to buy Levis 501 shrink-to-fit -LRB- my jean of choice since at least 1968 -RRB- only to find out that they are no longer the same quality and weight - they are now very light weight and `` flimsy '' . Levis core product in my opinion , is no longer a work pant , but a fashion statement and because of this I did n't buy their product . Until somebody makes something better , I 'm a Carhartt customer for jeans - they 're the best I could find for my definition of a jean . They are also true-to-size with minimal shrinkage ; I 'm a 34 '' waist , but bought a 35 '' thinking they would shrink a little - not so , they remain a 35 '' waist and I did n't notice any significant shrinkage in length either . Finally , these jeans are not only better than current production 501s , but about half the price also .
 I thought quality jeans were a thing of the past , until I discovered Carhartts . -LRB- I was a die-hard Levi 's fan , until their quality plummeted in recent years . -RRB- These jeans are made from nice , thick denim , yet they flex well and are very comfortable . The seams , riveting , pockets , and zipper appear to be high quality , the sizing is reliable , and they fit very well ... at least for me . In short , they are exactly the way good rugged jeans should be , and they are very suitable for work or play . Count me a Carhartt convert !
 I 've been wearing Levi jeans for over 30 years -LRB- 501 & 550 -RRB- ... they 've always fit and have been very durable . I do n't mind paying more if I know I 'm getting quality . Yes , I 'm one of those that stick with a product for decades as long as the quality of the product remains superior and Levi 's has always fit into that category ... until now . I recently bought several pairs of Levi 's and the stitching on the back pocket `` V 's '' started coming undone after a single wash . Not just on one pair ... on all of them . Extremely irritating to say the least ... especially since I paid almost $ 40 for each pair . In addition , the denim just does n't seem as rugged/tough as it used to be . I suspect Levi has lost their dedication to quality to cut costs ... unfortunately , not all that unusual with a lot of larger companies these days.After some advice from a co-worker , I decided to try the Carhartt jeans -LRB- Traditional Fit -RRB- and purchased a single pair on Amazon to try them out . They arrived on Tuesday , I washed them Tuesday night , I wore them all day Wednesday , and today -LRB- Thursday -RRB- I will buy at least 4 more pair on Amazon . Folks , these are good jeans ... they 're what Levi 's use to be . As a bonus , they are much more reasonably priced -LRB- around $ 10 less than the Levi 's I purchased -RRB- . I 've worn other Carhartt products over the years and have always been impressed ... I 'm glad I found these jeans . Here is where you really need to pay attention . . this is my very first review I 've ever posted on Amazon and I 've bought a lot of products on Amazon . If that does n't tell you something about these jeans , I do n't know what will . My only concern at this point is to see how they perform after a long period of wear and multiple washes ... will update review if they do n't perform as I expect they will .
 I am buying more and more Carhartt products lately , it seems ... why ? QUALITY ! They have great products that are well constructed and very rugged . I have been wearing the men 's twill work pants now for months and enjoy them a lot . So , I decided to try out their jeans . Very nice indeed . BUT ... where are the other two loops ? The last pairs of jeans I bought were from Lands End and they were great . Very comfy and 7 loops on them , as they should have . So , when I went looking for Carhartt jeans , I looked at reviews and photos very carefully before buying , and what I saw was encouraging . The photos for the jeans I chose all had 7 belt loops so I thought this would be exactly what I was looking for ... um ... nope . When they arrived , they only had 5 , more like cheaper brands that do n't have as much `` attention to detail '' as the better ones . I was so used to the 7 loops on my previous jeans , that 5 just does n't `` feel '' right ? Does that make sense ? I decided to keep them , and to be honest , they are comfy and durable and very nice to wear , they look good too ! But , I wish I had the 7 vs. 5 loops . It may be a `` small '' thing in the grand scheme of things , but it bothers me that their product description does n't mention number of belt loops , but the photos all show 7 loops , but that is n't what you get . But , again , I am happy with them and will continue to wear them . And the price point was great . Half of what I spent on the Lands End jeans . So , if you can live with 5 belt loops , their GREAT ! Go for it .
 My husband was a Levi man for years . When our adult son gave him a pair of Carhartt 's for Christmas a couple of years ago , he was reluctant but tried them away . Now he 's convinced these are the Best Jeans Ever ! For the working man especially , Carhartt jeans hold up very well .
 I used to be strictly a Levis guy for the last 40 yrs ... until they started using inferior light grade denim and jacking up the price at the same time . I now am a Carhartt convert . These are heavy weight denim with 7 belt loops unlike Levis that has only 5 . They fit well , but wish they made a slim version like the old Levis 512s . Glad I tried them !
 I bought these for my boyfriend and they are his favorite pair of pants . It 's hard to find these exact ones so I was happy to have finally found them .
 sturdy jeans with a comfortable fit and the extra belt loops are well placed . a good price does n't hurt either . definitely something i would recommend and would buy again .
 These have held up very well and seem true to size . I 'd buy them again if the price was right .
 I bought these for my Son-In-Law for Christmas . He is in a 30 X 34 and this is an almost inpossible size to find . The price was good -LRB- compared to the retail stores -RRB- and they had the size in all the different colors . Thank Goodness . I will no longer go to the store to look - I 'll just order . I also had &#34; prime &#34; so I got 2 day free shipping . Could n't be any easier .
 Perfect fit and last very long . I love how they hold up and continue to buy them . I get many compliments .
 Have tried but one of the two pairs I purchased , and they are just fine . They fit correctly and are made of substantive fabric . I expect them to last a while and plan to order a couple more pairs in the not too distant future .
 The old man looks good in them . They are sturdy and look like they will last a long , long time .
 I have tried them all over the years . I wear jeans every day for work , and have done so for over 40 years . The most dependable , comfortable , and durable for the money are by far Carhardt .
 My husband loves his Carhart Jeans and they can be really hard to find in the local stores . Very durable jean as well . Price was better than we found as well . Will be ordering more for Christmas for sure .
 High quality , long wearing jean for the working man or just a man hard on his clothes . This style is for those that do not want a loose fit or have a slim build . I have been buying them for years and can say that this fit is hard to find and the price on Amazon is lower plus Super Saving as a bonus saves a lot of money .
 Sturdy , thick , but very soon turning soft fabric , Seven well-spaced belt loops - your belt will NEVER separate like it happens in five-loop pants , nor will the tip of the belt stick to the side!I am size 48 :-LRB- - they felt small to the size for the first ten minutes -LRB- without a belt -RRB- , then were on a tighter side for an evening ; after two days of mostly sitting in them - I do not feel them to the point that I think what would have happened if I ordered one size smaller : -RRB- Wife liked the look so much , that I am ordering the second pair in a different color .
 This is the best pair of jeans I 've owned in a very many years , and in every respect . The cut is ideal and handles my not-quite-slim gut while giving my leg a slim look . The denim is a real heavy weight that feels great on the legs . The pockets look good and are well sized . The jeans cold wash well . I hang them dry and they take quite a while . They 've really made me feel more confident about how I look . Nice surprise given I never heard of the brand before .
 These Carhartt Jeans fit better than any jeans I 've tried including CK . They fit nice in the seat and legs without being too snug in the crotch . The fabric seems to be of good quality and they wash up nice without noticeable shrinkage . I really like the belt loops ; perfectly placed . I purchased three pair of these jeans and plan to buy more .
 I bought a pair of relaxed fit Carhartt jeans for one of my sons . he was impressed with the fit , workmanship and nice heavy weight denim material . My oldest son always wears Levi 501 button fly jeans . He has been unhappy with the light weight denim now that they are made in China . I told him about the Carhartt jeans and got him a pair for his birthday . He loves the Carhartt button fly jeans . Please keep making them just like they are now .
 Jeans arrived in a timely manner . Jeans were in great condition on arrival and fit quite well . Denim was better quality than other jeans I 've seen . Liked the extra belt loops .
 The nice thing about these jeans is the price . They were at least $ 8 more at other sites and up to $ 17 more in stores . The price at Amazon is good at $ 29 . The product is what I would expect . I like a heavier denim and the fit of these jeans is good . There were 2 pairs of jeans on my order . Both are Carhartt . One style is the traditional fit and the other is the relaxed fit . The traditional is a good cut and slimmer than the relaxed . Relaxed jeans are great for work and allow good movement.The cons on this product is the manufacturing location . One pair is made in Mexico and the other is made in Nicaragua of fabric made in Mexico . This is a little pet peeve of mine . Carhartt wants to be the brand for the American worker . Carhartt touts its pride in surviving the depression and the humble beginnings to growth as a great American brand . At the prices they normally charge their products should be made in the USA . On the bright side there is no union label .
 Carhartt Jeans are fantastic . They are what jeans should be , they feel and fit great . Made of heavy denim with all the right stitching and quality . My husband says they are like the Levi 's 501 after washing . I ordered another pair and will buy in the future . Thanks Carhartt !
 Great fit . Love the feel and weight of the cloth . Seven belt loops is a winner for me , as I always have something to hang from my belt . I 'm a believer now . I will never buy another brand of jeans , and that 's saying something after wearing them for over 50 years !!!
 I wore Wrangler jeans as a younger man , and did n't begin wearing Carhartt Traditional jeans until I was about 40 . Needless to say , I 've purchased Carhartt ever since . While I had always liked Wranglers , they were always a little too snug in the legs on my 6 ' 3 '' frame . The Carhartt Traditional jeans give me the added room I need without a baggy clown pants appearance - neatness counts with me , and I 'm not into any look that makes it appear I 'm wearing someone larger 's hand-me-down clothing - or clothing that is tight enough to be restrictive of movement or look vulgar.I have always sized my jeans smaller in the waist than my dress pants , as jeans always stretch . Carhartt jeans are no different in this respect as it is the nature of all cotton jeans . At over 60 now , I wear a size 38 to 39 in dress pants , so I buy size 36 Carhartt jeans . This gives me jeans that will stay up without a belt . When I was wearing size 40 dress pants , I wore size 38 jeans and bought more than a few pair of Carhartt . Those 38 Carhartt jeans still are n't worn out after years of wearing them . They are faded , but the 15-ounce fabric thickness is still comfortable and without any holes . Since I trimmed up in the waist , the 38 size jeans wo n't stay up without a belt , but I continue wearing them working around home in the yard - with a good belt . Dropping from 220 to 195 almost got me back to the size 34 jeans I wore before I aged past 40 . With some work , I 'll stay at 195 and get the middle `` bulge '' back where it used to be on my chest . Then , I should be back to the size 34 Carhartt traditional jeans I originally began wearing so many years back.When I wore my first pair of Carhartt jeans I was hooked . In winter , the added thickness helps keep you warmer , and the material is soft enough it always feels good . Carhartt jeans wear like iron and are never uncomfortable , and the traditional fit Carhartt jean has never let me down for a great fit - a fit that all women admire on me even at my over 60 years of age . Carhartt ? I guess you could say they are perfect for the `` ageless male '' . Young or old , these are jeans that always offer a great look and a good fit . With Carhartt , you know you 're getting quality - and with Amazon , you know you 're getting the best price.Note
 Awesome product and VERY happy with the quality and the price . would HIGHLY recommend to everyone . They fit perfect and we actually ordered 2 more pairs
 These jeans are made the way jeans should be . Brands that I used to buy just do n't make the cut anymore . Thankfully , Carhart makes jeans the ` traditional ' way . Quality material and no crazy stitching patterns on the backside , perfectly fitting and well constructed . Do n't pass these up if you 're looking for that all-purpose jean .
 Get these Carhartt jeans if you want to feel good and look good . The traditional fit is comfortable , neither too tight nor too loose .
 I have had several pairs of Carhartt heavy duck cloth work pants and they take about a year to break in . these are soft out of the package , but not quite as beefy . definitely thicker cloth than LL Bean 1912 jeans . I am 6 ' 5 '' , and the 34 '' inseam works because they have decent rise . No shrinkage after washing . I am told I have no butt , and the classic fit of these is very comfortable , without the bubble butt look -LRB- on me -RRB- of Lee and Wrangler . Mine were made in Mexico if you track country of origin .
 Great jeans ! ran a little long in length but Carhartt quality - great denim . True to size true to fit of the Traditional fit .
 I have seen other reviews about these jeans and decided to give them a try . They are great jeans . I must say they are the best looking and fit jeans I ever had . A great product .
 My husband has been buying these for a long time and Amazon is the cheapest place I ` ve found to date ... they fit very well specially with men with a small behind lol .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 The best Swim suit that I have ever seen in the USI strongly believe that this is the best Speedo suits that I have ever bought in this country . The swim suites being made of very soft and elastic fabric , it does not cause the itchiness on your waste , hips , and crotch , which usually happens when you put on small Speedos like this . The suits actually have only one inch cloth on the sides , you may move your legs in the water very easily , and it makes your swim performance far better than the other Speedos . Another good feature of this suit is that there are many variation of color . I own white , black and dark blue one . I personally do not recommend the one in white and very light color , since it become absolutely see-through when wet.I know there is one big concern when men wearing this suite . Here is my comment to someone who does not have confidence to wear them in swimming pool
 Over the years I have owned my share of swim suits . I do a lot of lap swimming and just recently started doing triathlons . I got this suit when I was training for a triathlon over the summer and it was one of the smartest things that I have ever done . When it comes to racing , or just working out , I am a firm believer that less is more . I own several other suits by TYR and Nike and this one is by far the best . You have complete freedom of movement and are able to glide through the water like a knife . The difference really is amazing . I do admit that it does take a little to get over the shyness , but once your in the water all that dos n't matter anyway . Only your performance matters . It fits perfect and looks good as well . It really is the best suit I have ever owned and wo n't buy anything else now . I am planning on getting several others just so they do n't wear out as fast .
 This suit is small , tight , low , and very sexy . I bought this strictly for the beach and for tan lines , but have n't made it out there yet . Ca n't wait to see the tan lines this suit leaves ! Should be hot .
 I was very pleased with this selection of men 's swimsuits . I bought a Black , Red and also a White . I am a very picky person but am very sartisfied with my selecting Speedo .
 I am a serious swimmer , and I am a great believer in `` Less is Best ! '' I know that the Speedo Fastskin full body suit creates an artificial surface that may be faster than bare skin alone , but when the chips are down for the Big Meet , I 'll shave down and really zip along with only minimal coverage . Body hair is really a drag . So this Speedo , along with similar low-rider briefs are my favorites.Please , guys , if you do n't have the proper build or are obese and/or have a paunch , DO NOT WEAR THIS or anything else resembling this Speedo !! Your goal should be to work on your physique so you can safely look great in this wonderful Speedo.However , if you are in decent condition , then go for it and be proud to show off your body ! People will naturally look at you ! Women will admire your looks and men will be envious ! So there you have it .
 I swim a miles 3-4 times/week and prefer a comfortable suit and the Speedo `` Solar '' is definitely it ; excellent fit , inexpensive , durable , and a wide selection of nice colors with mine being `` Ocean '' -LRB- light blue -RRB- and `` Eucalyptus '' -LRB- darkish green -RRB- with the `` Dark Maroon '' probably next ; sizing seems a little on the large side so if you normally wear a 30 '' you might want to order a 28 '' ; fabric seems softer to the touch than Speedo 's competition suits ; really a GREAT SUIT for anyone who simply wants to dive in the pool and swim a relaxing mile or so before breakfast ; `` beach wear '' only for those in good shape !
 The Solar 1 '' has been awesome . I got Navy and White and they both look stellar . They are definately not for the modest as they do not cover much -LRB- much less in the front and about 1/4 inch less coverage on each side of the back -RRB- . Both colors show every contour of your parts , so be warned ! The blue is very shimmery , high quality material , and I expect it to last a while . The white almost seems like a stiffer material and uses a different lining . The lining in the white is fairly useless when wet . You will definately get looks because the white becomes almost completely see-through . Other than that , they make for a great training suit . Lots of freedom of movement .
 Bought for husband . He loves it ! Looks great on him ! Seems to be quality material .
 I like the swim suit . I ordered a size 28 and I am supposed to wear 32 , so just watch out for the size so that you do n't have to ship it back .
 I was very pleased with the price -LRB- 21.99 each -RRB- , as I typically have paid 28-30 in stores . They arrived in just a few days . One negative comment is I wish they had more of the colors available to order , even if it would have been a back-order . They only offered 3 or 4 colors . But I 'm very pleased , and will by my swimming suits from Amazon again in the future .
 One of the things about this suit is that if you are an avid swimmer like I am , do not wear it to the pool , because the chlorine will eat it up -LRB- the rear end of the suit , right along the seam , usually goes first -RRB- . Otherwise it is great for swimming and sunning , it offers minimal coverage without being obscene . If if was n't for the fact that this suit wear out so easily if you do n't take care of it , it would be perfect .
 I am satisified with the product because of the quality and style .
 fit is great wife likes it and thats all that countsill buy more from here
 I bought the white one to tease my husband on our honeymoon . I told him if I had to wear lingerie so should he . He actually wore it and it looked great on him , however/therefore I would never have him leave the house in it . We did not test it in water but I would guess it would be quite see through . If you are not in really great shape or would feel uncomfortable if others saw you naked , I would not recommend it for use in public because it will show every detail of your physique and it is tiny -LRB- very little coverage of `` stuff '' -RRB- . Please also never get it wet in public -LRB- or wear it at all -RRB- , especially if children are present , that would just be all kinds of icky . However , in the right private setting , wearing it may just `` WOW '' the right lady !
 I have 17 pairs of these now because they are good . I feel like a bird in the water , um ... . i have 18 of these . i apparently bought another . They good :-RRB- - Kristna Yalimanchili
 Speedo makes great swimming suits and this 1 '' model -LRB- the one inch being the measurement of the material at the side of the hip -RRB- , is designed for friction-free swimming . It is very `` brief '' , and covers only the essentials . Please men , if you have a roll of fat or a huge rear end , this is not the suit for you!Relatively inexpensive at around 20 bucks , this suit has just one drawback - it will fade in color and get thinner as it is exposed to chlorinated water . To make it last longer , always rinse the suit out in cold water after swimming , this will slow the wearing of the suit . There are other suits that are of heavier construction that will not thin as much as this Speedo , but with the heavier construction comes more bulk and more friction - so choose your enemy -LRB- bulk and longer-lasting , or a faster more comfortable suit but wears out quicker -RRB- . Most of my suits last about a year , and I swim about 3-4 times a week.I do recommend Speedo suits and most Speedo products for they are made for both the recreational lap-swimmer and the competitive swimmer . When you jump in the pool with one of these babies on , the rest of the swimmers know you are there for business and not a casual dip!Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
 I swim 3-5 miles a week and I have been wearing this suit for 3 years . Excellent fit with great support . The higher leg cut allows more movement without bunching up . Like all swimwear , I do have to replace it after 4-5 months of continuous wear because color fades and material thins . But that is expected with the amount of chlorine exposure . One way I have found to prolong its life is to soak it in ice water for a few hours after use.Some reviews have stated that the sizing is on the small side . I believe the sizing is intended to be slightly smaller than regular clothes . Because the material will stretch a bit after a couple of uses , if one gets a size larger -LRB- which I did once by accident -RRB- , then the streamline fit is lost.As for the color , as a serious swimmer , I personally prefer the darker shades -LRB- black or navy -RRB- . I assume that I already get plenty of attention with the 1 '' cut that I do not want to draw even more attention with a bright red or yellow suit . But if that is your intent , go for the light colors.Bottom line
 I have several of these bikinis and have never had a problem with them . Recently picked up the new white version and even though it is fully lined -LRB- front & back -RRB- it is completely see through when wet . Maybe not a bad thing ?
 I 'm really not one to order swimsuits online . I prefer to look at and try on my suits first , as they are all sized differently in their various styles . This year , however , my swimsuits style of choice , the speedo , has been very hard to find . I 've had this style of suit before , so I felt safe ordering it online . When I got the suit , I realized just how small the style of suit actually was . The cut is fine , the fabric just right , but this suit is n't for the squeamish or shy . The 1 '' measurement is for the hip measurement , and it realy is only 1 '' wide there . The suit has a full back , but due to the small cut of the suit in general , it seems smaller . The front is fully lined , and both front and back have seams down the middle . Really , only confident , fit guys should have this suit , as any physical flaws will be magnified by a suit of this type . If you have low body fat , good self-confidence , and want a good tan , go for it !
 I got the white . Yes , it is completely see through while wet , but feels weird since it 's double ply , all around . That makes it feel a little bulky , as if it was a heavy Poly . But that also means it will last a lot longer , and a snag or hole will not ruin the suit.If you want to show everything , this is the one for you . I got my normal waist size -LRB- 36 -RRB- and it fits as expected .
 I own three , a black , a navy , and a gold . Now , I do have a couple of others from another manufacturer which are extremely sexy -LRB- at least to the women I 've met -RRB- but I would n't recommend swimming in them.Now , Speedo with their 1 '' bikini -LRB- Solar -RRB- style is perfect . It fits , looks good , stays on in the water , and I get compliments on my tan line . The gold shows the outline of all that is man so I do n't wear it around kids . But the dark ones are perfect for the public pools and beaches so I usually get those . I am planning to buy a white one for the tan I 'll get later this year . : -RRB- Speedo is my favorite . I order one size smaller because it stretches after a few wears but seems to stop at the right size .
 This suit fits perfectly . It is brief-flatteringly so , and to allow freedom of movement-without being tacky . Very comfortable ... I ordered a second one .
 it is impossible to top the review from rebecca who bought this for her husband to wear in the bedroom , so i will just say that i swim 14 km weekly and the usual lycra-poly suit -LRB- including Speedo 's ` endurance ' -RRB- lasts 2 months for me . now after 2 months using the 1 '' solar , it shows essentially no signs of wear and has not lost its shape . it is does not , unfortunately , make me swim any faster . but the comfort , quality , and good looks make my daily swim more pleasant . i agree with the review that suggested 1 size down from actual , i.e. if you are 34 '' waist , choose the 32 '' solar , but this is only a suit for fit and athletic men .
 I have been wearing the solar speedo for years . It fits perfectly with the center and rear seam . As a fitness trainer , I have my corporate logo put on them as well . Having a built body , with a suit designed for a man who should be wearing a speedo only helps to boost my business . I would recommend this Speedo to any man who wants comfort on the beach , or competitive swimming in a pool . The look is great , the look is confidence . START WEARING THEM !
 great product . . i got an empty box on my first shipment , but the sent a new one overnight ... ca n't complain
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 this a really awesome t-shirt and they should rerelease everything from the original tv series
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 The Toy Rifle was well Packaged and prompt . The Rifle was complete and was pleased with my purchase . I did repainted the Stock and Barrel to give it the age look . Took off the Orange plug which was easy to do . This item is perfect for a Wall hanger in the ` Man 's Cave ' .
 I think this gun is great ! It 's really big , about 32 in ! I really suggest this gun . Make sure you get the right caps though !
 My son was delighted with his new rifle at Christmas time ! This gun was delivered in a timely fashion , and the quality did not disappoint us . My son re-enacts the civil war outside using it !!!
 The packaging was terrible when it came it was all scuffed up there was stickers on it every where and when I toulk them off there was residue adhisive on it . But I have to admie it is a cool cap gun , and theres nothing any paint and paint friendly adhesive remover cant do ! :0 -RRB-
 My 6 yr old received this `` indian Rifle '' for Christmas and absolutly loves it !! He would give this a 5 star rating . ** Parents note : The wood used is a soft wood and therefore it can dent and chip easilyStickers placed over design -LRB- I had to carefully use nail polish remover to remove most of the unsightly stickers -RRB- . The single shot pull off plastic Caps require adult assistence.I would still buy this for my son because he does not care about the issues I mentioned . My son has hours of fun with his friends without use of the caps . The paint job was much better then the $ 15 doller rifles I ordered and returned . My son also received the `` Kentuckian '' and gives that riffle a 5 star rating . Paint job was nice on the Kentuckian and it was packaged well .
 It came in perfect time for the show it was purchased for . The girl who played Amaryllis loved it so much she asked her mom to buy it from me so she could keep it . It was bought to be used as a prop in `` The Music Man '' and made the scene a lot more funny .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I guess you ca n't expect them to . I got ultra sheer , barely black and I 'm african american , with caramel skin . They looked sort of grey but my legs looked great for 2 days of court .
 If you are looking for a `` different '' Cubs look than they standard tee 's out there I reccomend this item . Be advised it is not made of nylon `` jersey '' type material but is cotton t-shirt material . Not dissapointed with this as it is a heavy/thicker weight t-shirt material that will last but assumed it was jersey material based on the photo for some reason . All logos are embrodered and give the shirt an overall high quality look that is sharp enough to get away with for slightly `` dressy '' occassions when you still want to represent your Cubbie loyalty . Now , if I can just keep it out of the dryer so it wo n't shrink or fade , I 'll probably wear this oh , once a week !
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I only ordered one to check it out . Now I have an order in for 5 more ! Their not cheap , but worth the price . Fits good and built so well.I hunted in store after store for a bra that suits me , but could n't find anything . That 's when I searched the internet and found Amoena bras .
 These are a very good sheer all day pantyhose . They wear like iron so they last a long time and fit and feel good on your legs . Your legs feel good even after being on your feet for 8 hours . I have been a fan of Hanes Products for a long time and these did not disappoint me.The shipping was on time and my package arrived in great condition .
 I love these because they are so sheer that it looks as if you are not wearing anything at all . However , they tear very easily so you have to be careful . It is likely that you may wear them 3 or 4 times if you are super careful , otherwise you may only get 1-2 uses out of them before you have an accident and they tear . They are also non-irritating to the skin and feel very comfortable .
 I love these barely there pantyhose . My husband could not even tell I was wearing them . You can see bruises and scrapes through -- I 'm an active -LRB- or clumsy ? -RRB- girl -- BUT they provide just enough smoothness and cover for me . My last pair was only worn about 4 times before it shredded past the point of function . They are SO thin . File your nails down ladies . Be wary of boots with buckles . I 'm going to extend the life of this next pair . But yes , I did buy the `` next pair . ''
 I 'm in my mid 30 's and I 've been wearing these for about 12 years . I wore them even when hosiery was way out of style because no one can tell I have them on when I wear the `` barely there '' color . I do n't know how many times I 've confided in a friend that I 'm wearing stockings to have her say , `` What , no way ! I wondered how your legs looked so smooth . '' Plus , the control top is stellar while still being comfortable for hours - even after children . Yes , the leg portion is incredibly fine and you can snag them if you are n't paying attention , but I make sure my nails are smooth and my feet are n't terribly rough before wearing them . You ca n't pull on them quite as much as the stretchier kind when putting them on but , then again , I do n't find it necessary . I can usually get about 4 or 5 wears out of each pair before getting a run . Oh , and I usually go down a size from what the chart tells me in order to maximize the control top effect .
 Our lab uses these to make the strings on weights for tissue slices . They work great ! We also use them to make baskets to hold the tissue slices in buffer during recovery after slicing . Again , what a great use ! Its a lot of fun to be able to ask other lab members , ` Do you know where the pantyhose are ? ' or ` Were you the last one to use the pantyhose ? ' , especially when the lab door is open and people are walking by in the hallway . As for their intended use , I would n't know - I do n't wear pantyhose .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I have a bike in the shop and I need a new way to release the Ghost Rider within me . So , I am going with this mask . I can already picture me beating my friends in a race and my friend asks me `` Who are you ? '' then I 'll reply with `` The name 's Ghost Rider '' in a devil tone . during the summer on Saturday , I 'd get up around 9:00 am and go for a morning drive , but now my nieghborhood will tremble in fear when the Ghost Rider is here BWA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA !!!
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I bought this when it was originally released by the band . It 's a great looking shirt - Humanistic era `` Sad Robot '' accompanied by the text `` Abandoned Pools . '' Get it while it lasts !
 I only ordered one to check it out . Now I have an order in for 5 more ! Their not cheap , but worth the price . Fits good and built so well.I hunted in store after store for a bra that suits me , but could n't find anything . That 's when I searched the internet and found Amoena bras .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 Very nice gift for the woman in your life . It is difficult to find 100 % silk in typical department stores and these are a real bargain . The quality is good and the length of the top is very generous . Recommended .
 I had been shopping for silk pajamas for a year now . The department stores as well as the specialty stores had none to offer , even at Christmas . I am delighted with the 3 pair of Intimo silk pajamas that I purchased from Amazon.com . They are just what I have been searching for . What an easy way to shop for my needs .
 Great product . Instant hit and success as a gift . Good timely delivery of product . No complaints .
 These are wonderful , very light weight pajamas . The color -LRB- ivory -RRB- looks richer than stark white . I bought a large because I like things loose , but could have used a medium , so the sizing is accurate . If you 're looking for a reasonably-priced bit of luxury , you wo n't be disappointed with these !
 My wife likes silk pajamas , but some sets just do n't hold up well . This is the second set of Intimo pajamas I 've given her , and she loves them . Great silk feel , but still sturdy enough for everyday use -LRB- and washing -RRB- .
 The fit is fine and loose where it needs to be . Quality appears good and the wife is happy . For the price you ca n't beat it . So far it has not fallen apart from washing , although we do n't run it in the dryer . It dries quickly enough on the hanger .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I have been driving all over the Dallas-Fort Worth region and found about six pairs at SteinMart . Was I delighted to find this site . These hose last FOREVER and look great . They have a dressy look about them - - - but the varying degrees of firmness are fantastic -LRB- especially after the holiday eating :--RRB- . I am so glad I found this site . Since department stores are carrying fewer good brands of pantyhose , buy them from Amazon before they run out !
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 Very cool vintage T-shirt ! I 'm a huge fan of the Chris Reeve Superman films , so I 'll definitely be purchasing the General Zod shirt !
 They are definitely a man 's pair of jeans . Could n't imagine they would be more stiff and plain then when I tried them on . Good working jeans now .
 I love the fit and feel of these jeans . Very comfortable and consistent sizing . Never any problems with shrinking when washed .
 I have worn nothing but Levi 's slim fit for many , many years and the decided to discontinue manufacturing them . I looked at several other brands but the Wranglers seemed to have both the fit and color I wanted . I am very pleased with the fit , the look and price . Good bye Levi .
 This style and the size my husband needs has not been available in our local stores . I was able to find what I needed quickly online and the shipping was very prompt . I would have given it five stars but he has n't had time to try them on yet so I ca n't give a perfect score .
 For price , quality and appearence ... Ya ' ca n't beat Wranglers . I need the 33 '' waist and ca n't find it in local stores but here ... no problems . Good product !!!
 What else can I say ? They fit the skinny guy so much better than regular fit and forget relaxed fit ! My husband loves them too . They last . They 're jeans .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I have bought at least eight of these bras since I first discovered it . It is very flattering and comfortable . Even though I have other bras , this is the one I wear the most , by far .
 It is the only minimizer that fits right . Definitely takes you down a size . I have worn this style for many years .
 This has been my favorite bra for about 8 years . It is comfortable and makes me look SO much better in my clothes . It truely minimizes . I have even used it as a sports bra because it is very supportive and has very little give .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I bought these as gym shorts for my daughter . They 're comfortable -LRB- my daughter wants a pair for home -RRB- and durable -- she 's been wearing them for half a year and I see no snags , holes in seams or general wear at all . They do run a little small , she was in a girls size 12 jean when I bought these and she fit in the adult small very comfortably though there was little difference between that size and youth large . -LRB- I bought both sizes thinking she 'd grow into the adult sm -RRB- I will be buying more in the near future as she 's hit a growth spurt .
 I bought these for running . No one should be misled by the price , these are well made shorts with good quality fabric . If I had anything negative to say about them is that they 're actually kind of on the heavy side for running shorts . But they 're soccer shorts are n't they ? Still , these were great buys and I run in them everyday .
 I ordered these shorts for my child to wear for P.E. . The material is great and the shorts are a perfect fit . Processing of my order was fast and the items were received before the estimated arrival date . If you would like slightly longer shorts , then order the `` Monster Short '' . These Cascade shorts are about mid-thigh .
 these are an excellent buy.they 're not the best construction , but compared to expensive shorts that probably come from the same Chinese sweatshop , they 've done just fine by me .
 2 soccer girls later and these shorts look like the day they came in the Amazon box !
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I have bought at least eight of these bras since I first discovered it . It is very flattering and comfortable . Even though I have other bras , this is the one I wear the most , by far .
 It is the only minimizer that fits right . Definitely takes you down a size . I have worn this style for many years .
 This has been my favorite bra for about 8 years . It is comfortable and makes me look SO much better in my clothes . It truely minimizes . I have even used it as a sports bra because it is very supportive and has very little give .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 Awesome item that is the right size and works great .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I was very pleased with this product . I gave this as a gift at Christmas to a person that is very much into their heritage . They enjoyed it emmensely .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 Its a little heavy to be used for the purpose it was bought for -LRB- to be my 2nd bag/carryon when traveling with backpack -RRB- but it is a great , sturdy bag ! It fits my laptop in neophrene sleeve , and pretty large Crumpler camera bag , so its a nicer alternative to a daypack for business travel . The organizing pockets are great . There is no key chain as promised - not sure if my bag is defective or description is outdated . The only thing that would make this bag more perfect - but would probably mar the ease of use - is some sort of rain protection flap for under/over the zipper . I could see how water could seep in ...
 We are using this bag in the next size up -LRB- medium -RRB- as a diaper bag & we love it ! It 's cool enough for mom or dad to use , quite roomy without being huge , has usable pockets for baby related stuff & is totally durable . Another great product by Timbuk2 !
 I wanted this bag for a purse . Ultimately I found it was too small . But this is not really a problem since Timbuk2 makes the same bag in Medium . Well , the problem is that the zipper gussets are very wide in order to close the bag , and when the zipper is open and the gussets flap down into the bag , they cover up the openings to all the interior pockets . So then you have to hold the gussets up and out of the bag with one hand while fishing around inside for the thing you want . Too much hassle . But in every other way these Timbuk2 bags are great .
 I am using the bag for everything , it is the perfect size for on the go . Everything is in the bag the night before and I am out the door . This is the cheapest price I found online for these bags . Love it love it !!!
 Have this and several others by Timbuk2 . They are well made , good looking , practical and rugged bags that stand up to a lot of use . Ca n't go wrong . This small size is more handbag size and the medium is a the perfect tote size .
 I bought this bag for my new life in New York . I knew I needed a water-resistant bag for my laptop , so this is the one I chose . There is a way for water to still get in the bag , but it was n't enough to make me worry -LRB- but I do have a separate sleeve that I put my computer in . Most of the time , though , I just used this bag to carry my work shoes and purse . It fit everything nicely and was comfortable to carry . It has nice pockets inside -- I wish the big one was a little more rigid or tailored or something , but it still works great ... I just wish it had more pockets outside . Otherwise , though , I 'd recommend this . I have the medium one . : -RRB-
 This bag is attractive and built to last . I use it to haul personal belongings back and forth to work , but it also would make a great gym bag , overnight bag , carry-on , or beach tote . The top zips closed or folds back inside the bag . It easily stands upright with or without a load . The straps are a good practical length , and it comes with a detachable shoulder strap .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 Comfort , style , and a great fit.Lee carpenter jeans fit and feel comfortableat work , not too tight or too baggy , just perfect .
 Very sturdy pair of jeans and extremely comfortable . The sizing is very accurate . Purchased other colors and am very satisfied .
 These are the only Jeans that i wear , They are triple stitched , and they last forever .
 Nice look ... extremely comfortable ... one draw back I have found with all Lee jeans is that they wear out sooner then I feel they should , but for the price that is something I can live with ...
 Would highly recommend the Lee Men 's Dungarees Carpenter Jeans , love the fit and the feel , very comfortable probably will order more .
 These jeans seem to run a bit smaller than comparable Levi 's carpenter jeans -LRB- which apparently Levis does n't make any more -RRB- . That said , they are well-made and comfortable and the price was a good value . They were delivered very quickly .
 I 've bought these before , through JC Penney , so I knew they were going to be what I wanted . The fabric is thinner than other jeans so they do n't wear real well but even for a skinny guy , the relaxed fit is very comfortable . Like other clothing I buy , the advertised measurements -LRB- 30W x 30L -RRB- seem pretty approximate , erring on the big side . I guess that 's in keeping with our &#34; expanding &#34; population . I will buy these in the future .
 Bought these for my son . He loves the fit . I buy them wherever I find them on sale , which is sometimes in stores . The ones in the stores have never run as much during the first washing as these did , so make sure you are washing only darks with these . Happy with my purchase !
 I purchased these just before a long trip . Unfortunately , the first time I pulled them down , the fabric tore near the zipper and made them unwearable . I 'm sure this was just an unusual weak point in the fabric . The fabric is n't as heavy as other brands of jeans . This keeps them from getting 5 stars . There are certainly times where lighter fabric is desirable , but I would n't wear them for actual carpenter work.For casual wear as pants , they are great . I carry all sorts of things in my pockets . The thigh pockets on the right leg are large enough for today 's smart phones - which is awesome . It 's my preferred place to carry my phone and so often carpenter pants or cargo pants do n't make those pockets big enough.The rest of the pockets are a generous size as well.Good fit , even if a little bit vanity-sized .
 I 'm super peculiar when it comes to Jeans . I ca n't stand anything that 's skin-tight . Ca n't stand inseams that squeeze my ... gonads . But I 'm not into the ultra saggy , baggy look either . So , it 's pretty damn impossible for me to buy a pair of jeans . Recently I bought a similar model to this one at local retailer and was very much impressed with the look and fit . As soon as I realized that after so long I had found a pair of jeans that met my needs I came to amazon to buy these . Son , I 'm not disappoint . These jeans fit nicely . Very nice as a matter of fact . lots of leg room , nice inseam length , and nice fit from the waist to the end of your pockets . If you got yourself a small beer belly , I highly suggest buying one full size larger than you usually get . Otherwise , at least for me , these jeans are perfect .
 I ordered 3 pair . I love how they fit and feel . Only problem is 3 pair wears out in about 6-8 months wearing them every day .
 I bought these pants the correct W & L - but they are n't a true 32 in length . So , if you are ordering just know that they run longish . Otherwise they are constructed really well . They fit my husband perfectly and they seem to not shrink at all !
 These are really my favorite type of Jeans . Been wearing this brand nearly 12 years . They are loose fit and the pocket on the right side is perfect for my cell phone . being able to order these online is a bonus . They came right when then seller said they would . These pants are durable and fit great .
 Just bought two pairs to replace some jeans I had that were falling apart ; ended up deciding to get another two . Would definitely recommend . Seemed pretty true to size , seams are solid , fabric is weighty & will probably stand up to a fair deal of abuse , and they look great . Exactly what I wanted .
 Great jeans , comfortable and durable . The color is a great shade of blue , the fit is relaxed , and they were made to last .
 My wonderful husband looks pretty great in these pants . He loves them , so I do too . They wash great , wear for years . And this price was better than the major retailer that sells them too .
 i truly love these jeans . i have no complaints whatsoever . the fit is very relaxed and feel even better with repeated washings . tough jeans with a nice look.i have a few pair of levis left but have been buying the lee dungarees as the levis wear out.i have a rough physical job and these jeans have been lasting me a good 3 years compared to the other brand that would last 2 years at best.the stitching is sturdy and doesnt come undone at any spots . buttons never pull off and the hole the button goes thru is reinforced stitched very well . the leg fit is very comfortable , i have good sized thighs , and the bottoms sit very well over my slip on boots.excellent , excellent jeans that i will highly recommend for work , play or casual dress
 buena calidad y talla a la perfeccion . No me quejo , es de lo mejor y todo en un solo click
 While opinions of jeans will always come down to personal taste , the quality of these jeans will no disappoint . They are made with high quality denim and have excellent stitching . The color is a bit darker than in the picture but is not overly so . The comfort level is extremely high , with the material being soft from delivery and the jeans have plenty of room for their size .
 Great jeans , not available in the u.k. Great fit if you have larger than average thighs.Was worried about ordering from . com but it was an easy transaction.Super fast delivery too . Well done Amazon !!
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I have bought at least eight of these bras since I first discovered it . It is very flattering and comfortable . Even though I have other bras , this is the one I wear the most , by far .
 It is the only minimizer that fits right . Definitely takes you down a size . I have worn this style for many years .
 This has been my favorite bra for about 8 years . It is comfortable and makes me look SO much better in my clothes . It truely minimizes . I have even used it as a sports bra because it is very supportive and has very little give .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I needed four pairs of grey pants for a wedding . These pants came in plenty of time and looked great on all of the groomsmen . We had to order an extra pair at the last minute because one groomsman was bigger than I thought , but another pair came quickly . Great service ! They looked great in the wedding . I sent a picture with the pair I had to send back . You were great to work with .
 I like the swim suit . I ordered a size 28 and I am supposed to wear 32 , so just watch out for the size so that you do n't have to ship it back .
 I was very pleased with the price -LRB- 21.99 each -RRB- , as I typically have paid 28-30 in stores . They arrived in just a few days . One negative comment is I wish they had more of the colors available to order , even if it would have been a back-order . They only offered 3 or 4 colors . But I 'm very pleased , and will by my swimming suits from Amazon again in the future .
 One of the things about this suit is that if you are an avid swimmer like I am , do not wear it to the pool , because the chlorine will eat it up -LRB- the rear end of the suit , right along the seam , usually goes first -RRB- . Otherwise it is great for swimming and sunning , it offers minimal coverage without being obscene . If if was n't for the fact that this suit wear out so easily if you do n't take care of it , it would be perfect .
 I am satisified with the product because of the quality and style .
 fit is great wife likes it and thats all that countsill buy more from here
 I bought the white one to tease my husband on our honeymoon . I told him if I had to wear lingerie so should he . He actually wore it and it looked great on him , however/therefore I would never have him leave the house in it . We did not test it in water but I would guess it would be quite see through . If you are not in really great shape or would feel uncomfortable if others saw you naked , I would not recommend it for use in public because it will show every detail of your physique and it is tiny -LRB- very little coverage of `` stuff '' -RRB- . Please also never get it wet in public -LRB- or wear it at all -RRB- , especially if children are present , that would just be all kinds of icky . However , in the right private setting , wearing it may just `` WOW '' the right lady !
 I have 17 pairs of these now because they are good . I feel like a bird in the water , um ... . i have 18 of these . i apparently bought another . They good :-RRB- - Kristna Yalimanchili
 The best Swim suit that I have ever seen in the USI strongly believe that this is the best Speedo suits that I have ever bought in this country . The swim suites being made of very soft and elastic fabric , it does not cause the itchiness on your waste , hips , and crotch , which usually happens when you put on small Speedos like this . The suits actually have only one inch cloth on the sides , you may move your legs in the water very easily , and it makes your swim performance far better than the other Speedos . Another good feature of this suit is that there are many variation of color . I own white , black and dark blue one . I personally do not recommend the one in white and very light color , since it become absolutely see-through when wet.I know there is one big concern when men wearing this suite . Here is my comment to someone who does not have confidence to wear them in swimming pool
 Over the years I have owned my share of swim suits . I do a lot of lap swimming and just recently started doing triathlons . I got this suit when I was training for a triathlon over the summer and it was one of the smartest things that I have ever done . When it comes to racing , or just working out , I am a firm believer that less is more . I own several other suits by TYR and Nike and this one is by far the best . You have complete freedom of movement and are able to glide through the water like a knife . The difference really is amazing . I do admit that it does take a little to get over the shyness , but once your in the water all that dos n't matter anyway . Only your performance matters . It fits perfect and looks good as well . It really is the best suit I have ever owned and wo n't buy anything else now . I am planning on getting several others just so they do n't wear out as fast .
 This suit is small , tight , low , and very sexy . I bought this strictly for the beach and for tan lines , but have n't made it out there yet . Ca n't wait to see the tan lines this suit leaves ! Should be hot .
 I was very pleased with this selection of men 's swimsuits . I bought a Black , Red and also a White . I am a very picky person but am very sartisfied with my selecting Speedo .
 I am a serious swimmer , and I am a great believer in `` Less is Best ! '' I know that the Speedo Fastskin full body suit creates an artificial surface that may be faster than bare skin alone , but when the chips are down for the Big Meet , I 'll shave down and really zip along with only minimal coverage . Body hair is really a drag . So this Speedo , along with similar low-rider briefs are my favorites.Please , guys , if you do n't have the proper build or are obese and/or have a paunch , DO NOT WEAR THIS or anything else resembling this Speedo !! Your goal should be to work on your physique so you can safely look great in this wonderful Speedo.However , if you are in decent condition , then go for it and be proud to show off your body ! People will naturally look at you ! Women will admire your looks and men will be envious ! So there you have it .
 I swim a miles 3-4 times/week and prefer a comfortable suit and the Speedo `` Solar '' is definitely it ; excellent fit , inexpensive , durable , and a wide selection of nice colors with mine being `` Ocean '' -LRB- light blue -RRB- and `` Eucalyptus '' -LRB- darkish green -RRB- with the `` Dark Maroon '' probably next ; sizing seems a little on the large side so if you normally wear a 30 '' you might want to order a 28 '' ; fabric seems softer to the touch than Speedo 's competition suits ; really a GREAT SUIT for anyone who simply wants to dive in the pool and swim a relaxing mile or so before breakfast ; `` beach wear '' only for those in good shape !
 The Solar 1 '' has been awesome . I got Navy and White and they both look stellar . They are definately not for the modest as they do not cover much -LRB- much less in the front and about 1/4 inch less coverage on each side of the back -RRB- . Both colors show every contour of your parts , so be warned ! The blue is very shimmery , high quality material , and I expect it to last a while . The white almost seems like a stiffer material and uses a different lining . The lining in the white is fairly useless when wet . You will definately get looks because the white becomes almost completely see-through . Other than that , they make for a great training suit . Lots of freedom of movement .
 Bought for husband . He loves it ! Looks great on him ! Seems to be quality material .
 great product . . i got an empty box on my first shipment , but the sent a new one overnight ... ca n't complain
 Speedo makes great swimming suits and this 1 '' model -LRB- the one inch being the measurement of the material at the side of the hip -RRB- , is designed for friction-free swimming . It is very `` brief '' , and covers only the essentials . Please men , if you have a roll of fat or a huge rear end , this is not the suit for you!Relatively inexpensive at around 20 bucks , this suit has just one drawback - it will fade in color and get thinner as it is exposed to chlorinated water . To make it last longer , always rinse the suit out in cold water after swimming , this will slow the wearing of the suit . There are other suits that are of heavier construction that will not thin as much as this Speedo , but with the heavier construction comes more bulk and more friction - so choose your enemy -LRB- bulk and longer-lasting , or a faster more comfortable suit but wears out quicker -RRB- . Most of my suits last about a year , and I swim about 3-4 times a week.I do recommend Speedo suits and most Speedo products for they are made for both the recreational lap-swimmer and the competitive swimmer . When you jump in the pool with one of these babies on , the rest of the swimmers know you are there for business and not a casual dip!Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
 I swim 3-5 miles a week and I have been wearing this suit for 3 years . Excellent fit with great support . The higher leg cut allows more movement without bunching up . Like all swimwear , I do have to replace it after 4-5 months of continuous wear because color fades and material thins . But that is expected with the amount of chlorine exposure . One way I have found to prolong its life is to soak it in ice water for a few hours after use.Some reviews have stated that the sizing is on the small side . I believe the sizing is intended to be slightly smaller than regular clothes . Because the material will stretch a bit after a couple of uses , if one gets a size larger -LRB- which I did once by accident -RRB- , then the streamline fit is lost.As for the color , as a serious swimmer , I personally prefer the darker shades -LRB- black or navy -RRB- . I assume that I already get plenty of attention with the 1 '' cut that I do not want to draw even more attention with a bright red or yellow suit . But if that is your intent , go for the light colors.Bottom line
 I have several of these bikinis and have never had a problem with them . Recently picked up the new white version and even though it is fully lined -LRB- front & back -RRB- it is completely see through when wet . Maybe not a bad thing ?
 I 'm really not one to order swimsuits online . I prefer to look at and try on my suits first , as they are all sized differently in their various styles . This year , however , my swimsuits style of choice , the speedo , has been very hard to find . I 've had this style of suit before , so I felt safe ordering it online . When I got the suit , I realized just how small the style of suit actually was . The cut is fine , the fabric just right , but this suit is n't for the squeamish or shy . The 1 '' measurement is for the hip measurement , and it realy is only 1 '' wide there . The suit has a full back , but due to the small cut of the suit in general , it seems smaller . The front is fully lined , and both front and back have seams down the middle . Really , only confident , fit guys should have this suit , as any physical flaws will be magnified by a suit of this type . If you have low body fat , good self-confidence , and want a good tan , go for it !
 I got the white . Yes , it is completely see through while wet , but feels weird since it 's double ply , all around . That makes it feel a little bulky , as if it was a heavy Poly . But that also means it will last a lot longer , and a snag or hole will not ruin the suit.If you want to show everything , this is the one for you . I got my normal waist size -LRB- 36 -RRB- and it fits as expected .
 I own three , a black , a navy , and a gold . Now , I do have a couple of others from another manufacturer which are extremely sexy -LRB- at least to the women I 've met -RRB- but I would n't recommend swimming in them.Now , Speedo with their 1 '' bikini -LRB- Solar -RRB- style is perfect . It fits , looks good , stays on in the water , and I get compliments on my tan line . The gold shows the outline of all that is man so I do n't wear it around kids . But the dark ones are perfect for the public pools and beaches so I usually get those . I am planning to buy a white one for the tan I 'll get later this year . : -RRB- Speedo is my favorite . I order one size smaller because it stretches after a few wears but seems to stop at the right size .
 This suit fits perfectly . It is brief-flatteringly so , and to allow freedom of movement-without being tacky . Very comfortable ... I ordered a second one .
 it is impossible to top the review from rebecca who bought this for her husband to wear in the bedroom , so i will just say that i swim 14 km weekly and the usual lycra-poly suit -LRB- including Speedo 's ` endurance ' -RRB- lasts 2 months for me . now after 2 months using the 1 '' solar , it shows essentially no signs of wear and has not lost its shape . it is does not , unfortunately , make me swim any faster . but the comfort , quality , and good looks make my daily swim more pleasant . i agree with the review that suggested 1 size down from actual , i.e. if you are 34 '' waist , choose the 32 '' solar , but this is only a suit for fit and athletic men .
 I have been wearing the solar speedo for years . It fits perfectly with the center and rear seam . As a fitness trainer , I have my corporate logo put on them as well . Having a built body , with a suit designed for a man who should be wearing a speedo only helps to boost my business . I would recommend this Speedo to any man who wants comfort on the beach , or competitive swimming in a pool . The look is great , the look is confidence . START WEARING THEM !
 As everyone else has written , this seems well made , packs into its own pouch , and has already saved my hide from a sudden downpour . The underarm grommets are a nice touch for breathability.The only way I can think to improve it would be to include an elastic belt , like the french K-Ways , to carry it around .
 I bought the jacket to wear running since I lost my veryfavorite running jacket -LRB- that I had for about 7 years ! -RRB- . I am really pleased and happy with this purchase . Thejacket is roomy colorful and perfect for even rainy days !
 This windbreaker is perfect for layering over a couple other shirts . I wear it while walking in the winter here in the southwest . An added advantage is it 's dark color for absorbing the warm sun 's rays.The `` Newport Collection '' Pack-N-Go Pullover Jacket from Charles River Apparel
 I purchased this pullover for a trip to Alaska in early July and it was the perfect solution for the misty weather encountered in the Glacier Bay area . I highly recommend this portable hooded parka for temperatures down to 45F .
 Two decades ago I used to purchase an unlined nylon windbreaker/anorak at LL Bean every 5-6 years . They were wonderful in almost every season because they were cut full -- lots of room in the armpits , full enough to easily layer with a sweater or more and still go on and come off easily . The last two I purchased there were really stingy with the fabric and less than comfortable for that reason.Not so this Newport Collection &#34; pull-over jacket &#34; -- it 's really an anorak . It 's roomy and exactly what I used to get from LL Bean -- and it comes at a very reasonable price . The seller delivered it to me in 4 days .
 The jacket is well-made and lightweight . It will be ideal for upcoming trips I have this spring , where the weather may be a little unpredictable.The color -LRB- navy -RRB- is tasteful -LRB- a little darker than the image online -RRB- , and it fits well.As far as size , I 'm a male , 5 ' 9 &#34; and 170 lbs , and wear a size 16-34 shirt . I ordered an XL , and it 's just the right size . It will be plenty roomy , even if I have a sweater on , but it 's not too big .
 This jacket comes in two days via fedex and it is perfect . I wear it most of the day at work because my office is usually freezing . I have three of these in different colors ! I recommend this to anyone needing a jacket for rain or indoors .
 It 's cute and serves the purpose . It does run big though . No need to size up to gain a little room .
 I bought this for my boyfriend for a camping trip to the bottom of the Grand Canyon . Thankfully we did n't have to use it , but it is well made and packs up well .
 Love the color ; very roomy ; fit was great . Arrived in time for my vacation in Boston in December and kept me warm and dry .
 After my LL Bean anorak windbreaker finally bit the dust after 15 years , I could n't find one to replace it for quite some time . I wanted similar material that could at least shed some moisture , and was slick , so it would stand up to wind and other uses -LSB- lots of anoraks are a soft , powdery material that stands up under virtually no wind or rain -RSB- . I was thrilled with the material , fit , colour and style . I bought two , in case they stop making these . LL Bean starting making the anorak again this year , but the fit is n't the same , the material is wimpy and the cost is double . This is the way to go !
 Lightweight , good construction and it is `` quiet , '' ie the material does not make a lot of rustling noise with movement . Good as a windbreaker and lightweight jacket .
 WAS HESITANT TO ORDER BUT THE REVIEWS HELPED ME CHOOSE A LARGER SIZE THAN I WOULD HAVE AND THE ITEM IS JUST WHAT I WANTED FOR GOLF AND SUMMER RAINY DAYS
 I love my Newport Collection Pack-N-Go pullover jacket . I fit 's real good ! I got a Large size to put over layers for cross country skiing.My wife loves the burgundy color . I have to hid it from her !!! It rolls up so easy in the little bag to put in my backpackerThe `` Newport Collection '' Pack-N-Go Pullover Jacket from Charles River Apparel
 I bought this jacket for my dad , who is an avid golfer and wanted something to keep him dry during light rains . The Large was a perfect fit , and the blue is the perfect shade - not too bright or too dark . He said it has plenty of flexibility for his swing , and is n't too warm or cool . It does well with keeping him dry , too !
 LOVE , LOVE this jacket . It is lightweight enough to wear year around ! I wear it out in the winter with a sweater underneath and it 's just fine :-RRB- I work with children so I can wear and just wipe off paint , baby food , etc. . The only color I 've had problems with is the light blue . For some reason , it does n't clean as well when washed . Love the darker colors and just recently replaced a black one I 've had for three years and worn A LOT ! Great jacket ... great price !
 Great product . Lightweight . Folds into a very small pouch . However they run large . the small is pretty wide . Check measurements before ordering .
 The jacket does n't wrinkle easily . Mild rain beads up quickly . The jacket is attractive and simple . It weighs nothing . It 's great !
 This very thin windbreaker is EXACTLY what I had been searching for ! It 's perfect ! It 's very thin , but keeps me warm and it 's water resistant . Very soft and flexible . Others I had seen were stiff and too heavy . I had been searching all over for this jacket and was so happy to find it . The price was right , too .
 These are great to put on for a cool evening . You can wear them anywhere.They wash and dry very nice . I have many and enjoy wearing them .
 After looking everywhere , I found this exact jacket my son wanted to replace one he had lost a couple of years ago -LRB- and he was `` lost '' without it -RRB- . He uses it as a lightweight rainproof jacket in spring and fall , and also layers it over a winter fleece or sweatshirt for winter and snow or mixed precipitation , since he walks to work and everywhere possible . The design and quality are excellent , it was a great price , the service was excellent and fast . I plan to buy more for my grandsons also .
 We bought this to replace a beloved L.L. Bean Anorak that was just worn out and could n't have been happier with the replacement !
 I bought this before my trip to Alaska . Wonderful ! Enough protection for wind & moderate rain ... packs into such a small space -LRB- its own pouch -RRB- . Well made . good quality . Nice color variety .
 I left my LL Bean maroon Anorak pullover in a cab and was surprised to find LL Bean did n't make them anymore . However , the jacket was roughly 15 years old and was definitely starting to look like it had run it 's course - time for a new one anyway . After a few searches I found this and based on the positive reviews decided to give it a shot . This turned out to be great replacement indeed . I 'd say it about as close to those old LL Bean Anoraks as you 'll ever get . Main differences is the air holes in the under arm area , the fabric is slightly softer/shinier and possibly thinner -LRB- not by much if at all -RRB- . The draw cords do n't hang down like they did on the LL Beans either - they 're looped . Overall , I 'm very pleased I was able to find this doppelganger - thanks !!!
 I had an LL Bean Anorak that was about 18 years old and showing its age ... I needed something to take to Hawaii for a variety of situations . This jacket is awesome ... even though it rained/misted pretty much every day I was there , I stayed dry and it was the perfect level of warmth for Hawaii in the winter .
 Will be taking this to South America for some light travelling and hiking ... lightweight and packs nicely in the backpack . Material seems to be water repellent and wind resistant . Just what I was looking for !
 I got this jacket for a backpacking trip through Central America . It worked out very well for sudden rain and it was so lightweight it was n't a burden to roll it up and shove it in my day pack for easy access to it . I would definitely recommend this for a tropical environment .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I bought it for my little lady for Christmas . She loves it . If she 's happy , I 'm happy . And all is right with the world .
 I bought this hat for Halloween . And I just love it . I wish the veil could be removed . but all n all a really great hat .
 This is a durable and attractive hat -- great costume accessory ! The veil is a little thin , so I added some more lace for dramatic effect , but it 's ok on it 's own , too .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I love this swimsuit , it is flattering and also cute to wear pool side . The the skirt idea . This suit is true to size .
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I just love it.i do n't lose script pads , an I can put a pen right in w / it . Very nice Xmas gift .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 I love my pink sunglasses . I have been using it since a year . No problems , they are light and do not break even if i put it away the way i want . Also in the other sunglasses that i have used its gets unconfortable on the ears after wearing it for long time but these are very comfortable and above all i found these with an excellent price on amazon .
 They were very crooked when I got them . Bent or something ?
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 The best Swim suit that I have ever seen in the USI strongly believe that this is the best Speedo suits that I have ever bought in this country . The swim suites being made of very soft and elastic fabric , it does not cause the itchiness on your waste , hips , and crotch , which usually happens when you put on small Speedos like this . The suits actually have only one inch cloth on the sides , you may move your legs in the water very easily , and it makes your swim performance far better than the other Speedos . Another good feature of this suit is that there are many variation of color . I own white , black and dark blue one . I personally do not recommend the one in white and very light color , since it become absolutely see-through when wet.I know there is one big concern when men wearing this suite . Here is my comment to someone who does not have confidence to wear them in swimming pool
 Over the years I have owned my share of swim suits . I do a lot of lap swimming and just recently started doing triathlons . I got this suit when I was training for a triathlon over the summer and it was one of the smartest things that I have ever done . When it comes to racing , or just working out , I am a firm believer that less is more . I own several other suits by TYR and Nike and this one is by far the best . You have complete freedom of movement and are able to glide through the water like a knife . The difference really is amazing . I do admit that it does take a little to get over the shyness , but once your in the water all that dos n't matter anyway . Only your performance matters . It fits perfect and looks good as well . It really is the best suit I have ever owned and wo n't buy anything else now . I am planning on getting several others just so they do n't wear out as fast .
 This suit is small , tight , low , and very sexy . I bought this strictly for the beach and for tan lines , but have n't made it out there yet . Ca n't wait to see the tan lines this suit leaves ! Should be hot .
 I was very pleased with this selection of men 's swimsuits . I bought a Black , Red and also a White . I am a very picky person but am very sartisfied with my selecting Speedo .
 I am a serious swimmer , and I am a great believer in `` Less is Best ! '' I know that the Speedo Fastskin full body suit creates an artificial surface that may be faster than bare skin alone , but when the chips are down for the Big Meet , I 'll shave down and really zip along with only minimal coverage . Body hair is really a drag . So this Speedo , along with similar low-rider briefs are my favorites.Please , guys , if you do n't have the proper build or are obese and/or have a paunch , DO NOT WEAR THIS or anything else resembling this Speedo !! Your goal should be to work on your physique so you can safely look great in this wonderful Speedo.However , if you are in decent condition , then go for it and be proud to show off your body ! People will naturally look at you ! Women will admire your looks and men will be envious ! So there you have it .
 I swim a miles 3-4 times/week and prefer a comfortable suit and the Speedo `` Solar '' is definitely it ; excellent fit , inexpensive , durable , and a wide selection of nice colors with mine being `` Ocean '' -LRB- light blue -RRB- and `` Eucalyptus '' -LRB- darkish green -RRB- with the `` Dark Maroon '' probably next ; sizing seems a little on the large side so if you normally wear a 30 '' you might want to order a 28 '' ; fabric seems softer to the touch than Speedo 's competition suits ; really a GREAT SUIT for anyone who simply wants to dive in the pool and swim a relaxing mile or so before breakfast ; `` beach wear '' only for those in good shape !
 The Solar 1 '' has been awesome . I got Navy and White and they both look stellar . They are definately not for the modest as they do not cover much -LRB- much less in the front and about 1/4 inch less coverage on each side of the back -RRB- . Both colors show every contour of your parts , so be warned ! The blue is very shimmery , high quality material , and I expect it to last a while . The white almost seems like a stiffer material and uses a different lining . The lining in the white is fairly useless when wet . You will definately get looks because the white becomes almost completely see-through . Other than that , they make for a great training suit . Lots of freedom of movement .
 Bought for husband . He loves it ! Looks great on him ! Seems to be quality material .
 I like the swim suit . I ordered a size 28 and I am supposed to wear 32 , so just watch out for the size so that you do n't have to ship it back .
 I was very pleased with the price -LRB- 21.99 each -RRB- , as I typically have paid 28-30 in stores . They arrived in just a few days . One negative comment is I wish they had more of the colors available to order , even if it would have been a back-order . They only offered 3 or 4 colors . But I 'm very pleased , and will by my swimming suits from Amazon again in the future .
 One of the things about this suit is that if you are an avid swimmer like I am , do not wear it to the pool , because the chlorine will eat it up -LRB- the rear end of the suit , right along the seam , usually goes first -RRB- . Otherwise it is great for swimming and sunning , it offers minimal coverage without being obscene . If if was n't for the fact that this suit wear out so easily if you do n't take care of it , it would be perfect .
 I am satisified with the product because of the quality and style .
 fit is great wife likes it and thats all that countsill buy more from here
 I bought the white one to tease my husband on our honeymoon . I told him if I had to wear lingerie so should he . He actually wore it and it looked great on him , however/therefore I would never have him leave the house in it . We did not test it in water but I would guess it would be quite see through . If you are not in really great shape or would feel uncomfortable if others saw you naked , I would not recommend it for use in public because it will show every detail of your physique and it is tiny -LRB- very little coverage of `` stuff '' -RRB- . Please also never get it wet in public -LRB- or wear it at all -RRB- , especially if children are present , that would just be all kinds of icky . However , in the right private setting , wearing it may just `` WOW '' the right lady !
 I have 17 pairs of these now because they are good . I feel like a bird in the water , um ... . i have 18 of these . i apparently bought another . They good :-RRB- - Kristna Yalimanchili
 Speedo makes great swimming suits and this 1 '' model -LRB- the one inch being the measurement of the material at the side of the hip -RRB- , is designed for friction-free swimming . It is very `` brief '' , and covers only the essentials . Please men , if you have a roll of fat or a huge rear end , this is not the suit for you!Relatively inexpensive at around 20 bucks , this suit has just one drawback - it will fade in color and get thinner as it is exposed to chlorinated water . To make it last longer , always rinse the suit out in cold water after swimming , this will slow the wearing of the suit . There are other suits that are of heavier construction that will not thin as much as this Speedo , but with the heavier construction comes more bulk and more friction - so choose your enemy -LRB- bulk and longer-lasting , or a faster more comfortable suit but wears out quicker -RRB- . Most of my suits last about a year , and I swim about 3-4 times a week.I do recommend Speedo suits and most Speedo products for they are made for both the recreational lap-swimmer and the competitive swimmer . When you jump in the pool with one of these babies on , the rest of the swimmers know you are there for business and not a casual dip!Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
 I swim 3-5 miles a week and I have been wearing this suit for 3 years . Excellent fit with great support . The higher leg cut allows more movement without bunching up . Like all swimwear , I do have to replace it after 4-5 months of continuous wear because color fades and material thins . But that is expected with the amount of chlorine exposure . One way I have found to prolong its life is to soak it in ice water for a few hours after use.Some reviews have stated that the sizing is on the small side . I believe the sizing is intended to be slightly smaller than regular clothes . Because the material will stretch a bit after a couple of uses , if one gets a size larger -LRB- which I did once by accident -RRB- , then the streamline fit is lost.As for the color , as a serious swimmer , I personally prefer the darker shades -LRB- black or navy -RRB- . I assume that I already get plenty of attention with the 1 '' cut that I do not want to draw even more attention with a bright red or yellow suit . But if that is your intent , go for the light colors.Bottom line
 I have several of these bikinis and have never had a problem with them . Recently picked up the new white version and even though it is fully lined -LRB- front & back -RRB- it is completely see through when wet . Maybe not a bad thing ?
 I 'm really not one to order swimsuits online . I prefer to look at and try on my suits first , as they are all sized differently in their various styles . This year , however , my swimsuits style of choice , the speedo , has been very hard to find . I 've had this style of suit before , so I felt safe ordering it online . When I got the suit , I realized just how small the style of suit actually was . The cut is fine , the fabric just right , but this suit is n't for the squeamish or shy . The 1 '' measurement is for the hip measurement , and it realy is only 1 '' wide there . The suit has a full back , but due to the small cut of the suit in general , it seems smaller . The front is fully lined , and both front and back have seams down the middle . Really , only confident , fit guys should have this suit , as any physical flaws will be magnified by a suit of this type . If you have low body fat , good self-confidence , and want a good tan , go for it !
 I got the white . Yes , it is completely see through while wet , but feels weird since it 's double ply , all around . That makes it feel a little bulky , as if it was a heavy Poly . But that also means it will last a lot longer , and a snag or hole will not ruin the suit.If you want to show everything , this is the one for you . I got my normal waist size -LRB- 36 -RRB- and it fits as expected .
 I own three , a black , a navy , and a gold . Now , I do have a couple of others from another manufacturer which are extremely sexy -LRB- at least to the women I 've met -RRB- but I would n't recommend swimming in them.Now , Speedo with their 1 '' bikini -LRB- Solar -RRB- style is perfect . It fits , looks good , stays on in the water , and I get compliments on my tan line . The gold shows the outline of all that is man so I do n't wear it around kids . But the dark ones are perfect for the public pools and beaches so I usually get those . I am planning to buy a white one for the tan I 'll get later this year . : -RRB- Speedo is my favorite . I order one size smaller because it stretches after a few wears but seems to stop at the right size .
 This suit fits perfectly . It is brief-flatteringly so , and to allow freedom of movement-without being tacky . Very comfortable ... I ordered a second one .
 it is impossible to top the review from rebecca who bought this for her husband to wear in the bedroom , so i will just say that i swim 14 km weekly and the usual lycra-poly suit -LRB- including Speedo 's ` endurance ' -RRB- lasts 2 months for me . now after 2 months using the 1 '' solar , it shows essentially no signs of wear and has not lost its shape . it is does not , unfortunately , make me swim any faster . but the comfort , quality , and good looks make my daily swim more pleasant . i agree with the review that suggested 1 size down from actual , i.e. if you are 34 '' waist , choose the 32 '' solar , but this is only a suit for fit and athletic men .
 I have been wearing the solar speedo for years . It fits perfectly with the center and rear seam . As a fitness trainer , I have my corporate logo put on them as well . Having a built body , with a suit designed for a man who should be wearing a speedo only helps to boost my business . I would recommend this Speedo to any man who wants comfort on the beach , or competitive swimming in a pool . The look is great , the look is confidence . START WEARING THEM !
 great product . . i got an empty box on my first shipment , but the sent a new one overnight ... ca n't complain
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This pant is awsome . It looks better and feels better when put on . The price is excellent and the quality is good .
 like the jeans the weird black color was kinda weird at first but then i like it ????????
 My son really love it , difficult to find so big size working jeans in our country Malaysia , he ask me to buy more.I will do it soon.Edward from Malaysia .
 In my opinion Dickies are the best jeans on the market . They are durable and unless you are going to let trends be the only thing that decides the jeans you buy they are the perfect jean . They look decent for a traditional style carpenter or regular styled jeans . They last longer than any other brand I have ever owned . They have the best bang for the buck .
 These jeans are comfortable yet sturdy . They look great on me . What more could you ask of a pair of jeans ?
 Great price and comfortable I was very pleased to learn they came with a lifetime warenty
 I ordered the wrong size the first time , so now I need to order the right size.I like these pants because they are very comfortable and they are long lasting if taken care of properly.I will order the right size soon.Thank you .
 Good quality for the price . In Russia , for this price are not kpit jeans . At least 4-6 times more expensive . Came perfectly . I recommend
 Her likes these jeans they are comfort for him fabric is get for him great fit . Love Dickie products will continue to purchase as long as the quality stays the same .
 My son loves these pants . They look good on him . He is very happy with them . No skimping on length either .
 The fit is fantastic . They are extremely well made and look great on . They live up to their Industrial strength claim .
 These were sized correctly , were exactly as advertised , an excellent product . They were a gift and really appreciated ! Thanks you . !
 My nephew is hard to fit . I was so pleased to find these , the jeans he likes , and for the great price , also .
 Throw this shirt on and just wait for the women to surround you . Nothing is more attractive than a pink Op T-shirt .
 My nephew is hard to fit . I was so pleased to find these , the jeans he likes , and for the great price , also .
 This pant is awsome . It looks better and feels better when put on . The price is excellent and the quality is good .
 like the jeans the weird black color was kinda weird at first but then i like it ????????
 My son really love it , difficult to find so big size working jeans in our country Malaysia , he ask me to buy more.I will do it soon.Edward from Malaysia .
 In my opinion Dickies are the best jeans on the market . They are durable and unless you are going to let trends be the only thing that decides the jeans you buy they are the perfect jean . They look decent for a traditional style carpenter or regular styled jeans . They last longer than any other brand I have ever owned . They have the best bang for the buck .
 These jeans are comfortable yet sturdy . They look great on me . What more could you ask of a pair of jeans ?
 Great price and comfortable I was very pleased to learn they came with a lifetime warenty
 I ordered the wrong size the first time , so now I need to order the right size.I like these pants because they are very comfortable and they are long lasting if taken care of properly.I will order the right size soon.Thank you .
 Good quality for the price . In Russia , for this price are not kpit jeans . At least 4-6 times more expensive . Came perfectly . I recommend
 Her likes these jeans they are comfort for him fabric is get for him great fit . Love Dickie products will continue to purchase as long as the quality stays the same .
 My son loves these pants . They look good on him . He is very happy with them . No skimping on length either .
 The fit is fantastic . They are extremely well made and look great on . They live up to their Industrial strength claim .
 These were sized correctly , were exactly as advertised , an excellent product . They were a gift and really appreciated ! Thanks you . !
 This pant is awsome . It looks better and feels better when put on . The price is excellent and the quality is good .
 like the jeans the weird black color was kinda weird at first but then i like it ????????
 My son really love it , difficult to find so big size working jeans in our country Malaysia , he ask me to buy more.I will do it soon.Edward from Malaysia .
 In my opinion Dickies are the best jeans on the market . They are durable and unless you are going to let trends be the only thing that decides the jeans you buy they are the perfect jean . They look decent for a traditional style carpenter or regular styled jeans . They last longer than any other brand I have ever owned . They have the best bang for the buck .
 These jeans are comfortable yet sturdy . They look great on me . What more could you ask of a pair of jeans ?
 Great price and comfortable I was very pleased to learn they came with a lifetime warenty
 I ordered the wrong size the first time , so now I need to order the right size.I like these pants because they are very comfortable and they are long lasting if taken care of properly.I will order the right size soon.Thank you .
 Good quality for the price . In Russia , for this price are not kpit jeans . At least 4-6 times more expensive . Came perfectly . I recommend
 Her likes these jeans they are comfort for him fabric is get for him great fit . Love Dickie products will continue to purchase as long as the quality stays the same .
 My son loves these pants . They look good on him . He is very happy with them . No skimping on length either .
 The fit is fantastic . They are extremely well made and look great on . They live up to their Industrial strength claim .
 These were sized correctly , were exactly as advertised , an excellent product . They were a gift and really appreciated ! Thanks you . !
 My nephew is hard to fit . I was so pleased to find these , the jeans he likes , and for the great price , also .
 I purchased this product for my daughter who is only 4 months . I love it.You can tell that the designer took time and care when creating this poncho . I ca n't wait to see her in it . It 's almost as beautiful as my little girl .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 This is the second time I have bought this jacket . I wore the first one out ! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman . I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size . This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old .
 Great price and comfortable I was very pleased to learn they came with a lifetime warenty
 I ordered the wrong size the first time , so now I need to order the right size.I like these pants because they are very comfortable and they are long lasting if taken care of properly.I will order the right size soon.Thank you .
 Good quality for the price . In Russia , for this price are not kpit jeans . At least 4-6 times more expensive . Came perfectly . I recommend
 Her likes these jeans they are comfort for him fabric is get for him great fit . Love Dickie products will continue to purchase as long as the quality stays the same .
 My son loves these pants . They look good on him . He is very happy with them . No skimping on length either .
 The fit is fantastic . They are extremely well made and look great on . They live up to their Industrial strength claim .
 These were sized correctly , were exactly as advertised , an excellent product . They were a gift and really appreciated ! Thanks you . !
 My nephew is hard to fit . I was so pleased to find these , the jeans he likes , and for the great price , also .
 This pant is awsome . It looks better and feels better when put on . The price is excellent and the quality is good .
 like the jeans the weird black color was kinda weird at first but then i like it ????????
 My son really love it , difficult to find so big size working jeans in our country Malaysia , he ask me to buy more.I will do it soon.Edward from Malaysia .
 In my opinion Dickies are the best jeans on the market . They are durable and unless you are going to let trends be the only thing that decides the jeans you buy they are the perfect jean . They look decent for a traditional style carpenter or regular styled jeans . They last longer than any other brand I have ever owned . They have the best bang for the buck .
 These jeans are comfortable yet sturdy . They look great on me . What more could you ask of a pair of jeans ?
 This hat is very comfortable to wear . It firmly fits the head . The hat protects not only the head but also the face due to its wide brim.The hat does not have a care instructions label ; so it is hard to tell how to clean it , or whether it can be dry-cleaned at all . After wearing it often , the hat absorbs skin oil.Vented Sun Hat by Mountain Hardwear
 This hat is very comfortable to wear . It firmly fits the head . The hat protects not only the head but also the face due to its wide brim.The hat does not have a care instructions label ; so it is hard to tell how to clean it , or whether it can be dry-cleaned at all . After wearing it often , the hat absorbs skin oil.Vented Sun Hat by Mountain Hardwear
 I am a six year ovarian cancer survivor without a recurrence . I support the Minnesota Ovarian Cancer Alliance and I was very pleased to find a way to support awareness with a different , but similar , wristband .
 This shaper offers a bunch of `` suck it up '' support . I knew I was n't buying a miracle for my weight problem , but trying to fit into a bridesmaid dress that was ordered 2 sizes too small was tricky on my own -LRB- no joke , one can only loose weight so fast -RRB- . This shaper really worked hard and helped move and shift parts very well . Sure , it 's super tight , but has a bunch of tummy support . Also , the bust cups did n't flatten me , but actually gave me shape and stayed up well . There is a snap crotch which I did n't realize , what a blessing . I have larger thighs so I knew it would be really tight at my bikini line , but it 's tollerable considering it could have been a lot worse . Overall , great item for the price ! The only way it could have gotten a 5 stars was if it has more thigh room and maybe a tiny bit more tushy coverage - but neither of those items will show in my dress .
 The mirclesuit is great it took me down a whole size ! The material is thick so winter use recommended but holds almost everything in . I ordered my size I found the breast portion a little bigger than I am so not alot of breast support but held me in everywhere else tightly not alot of work to get into either .
 I bought this cause I have a Miraclesuit swimming suit and it works wonders.BUT I hate how this this has a SUPER pad on the breast and although u look slim and love-handles free , you end up with a pair of papayas in front of you ... I found it a little soo short for tall women ... Maybe I should try the plus size one ... I do n't know ... Overall it is a great product . I am still studying what to do with it , maybe remove the bra and sew in another ...
 I picked this up last minute and prayed it would work after a disapointing first attempt with a different kind , and was very happy with it ! Only complaints are that it does n't stay up completely for me without the straps , and since I 've been gifted with large thighs it cut in a little at the bottom . Otherwise it was low enough in the back , it has a really good structure and amazing control for what little boning it has . Also , the boning it DOES have does n't show through my dress , which was a problem with the others . All in all a good pick : -RRB-
 I wore it under a bridesmaid dress , and it worked great !
 This is a terrific product and worked very well with a strapless prom dress . Can highly recommend it .
 I 've purchased this product for years and the quality continues to be excellent . I 'm very happy , also , with the very reasonable price for this order and the timely delivery .
 My wife has been using this product for 40 years and find 's them to be terrific . As far as the experience of ordering the Bra'a thru Amazon we found the price to be exceptional as well as the great delivery time and service provided . My wife will definately continue to use the product as well as use Amazon for ordering in the future .
 I am more upset than I can believe ! I decided more than 25 years ago that I was never going to buy another cheap , exspensive , pretty , ugly or uncomfortable bra ever again ! I would always buy this ` Cross your heart ' bra forever more . No matter how broke I was -LRB- I 'd buy 1 -RRB- or how flush -LRB- I 'd buy 6 -RRB- I 've bought only this bra for everything -LRB- well , except once or twice a decade when I 'd need a strapless -RRB- . Imagine my dismay when I went to my reg purchase site & `` they were n't there '' . I went to other sites , `` it was n't there either '' ! I 'm anxious , I 'm geting desperate ! I 'm searching the world wide web ! There ! My Amazon . Am I saved ... ? You did n't have my size ! I 'm crushed!Can ' t any of you people understand ?? There 's jobs I would n't have been able to do to provide for me & my kids without the lift , the separation , the support and most of all the comfort !?!! What am I suppose to wear now ??? Is there an equivelant out there for a 44C ? Somewhere ? Who do I ask ? Who has an answer?Yes , it 's that important .
 I love this bra . It is such a shame that the company is discontinuing this model . It was comfortable and the shoulders never slipped . Playtex , please rethink your decision .
 I was so glad to find my favorite best fitting bra . It arrived in good time and perfect shape .
 There is but one word for this bra . It is WONDERFUL . I have worn this particular style for many years and I have yet to find any other bra to fill my requirements as this bra does . It never lets me down . Seriously , it is great and I hope Playtex never stops making them .
 I buy this bra because I can find very few bras that have fully stretchable straps . I have had too much trouble with straps digging into my shoulders , and these do not tend to do that . This is also a very comfortable bra , with no binding on the sides or uncomfortable wires . It provides good support with a 4 hook back for larger busts . It has a middle section between the 2 cups which is elastic , which allows for ventilation in an area which otherwise gets too damp . I also appreciate the fact that the bottom band does not roll up . These bras are usually extremely low priced compared to other bras , so I get the support I need and no shoulder digging for a very moderate price ! The only thing that I do not like is whatever material they use for the undercup support does not tolerate continual use of bleach and machine drying . I love the feel of support from this part of the bra when it is new ; however , over time , the material here tends to break apart , I believe , due to bleach and heat from the dryer . Sorry , no time for hand washing . At the prices they usually sell for , I just buy more . I sure hope Playtex does not plan to quit production of this style .
 This item is very lightweight and comfortable . I bought 4 of them and I am happy with each and every one . The size was right and they wash up like brand new .
 I have been wearing this bra for years . It is the only one that fits right and comfortably ... so why cant I find it in a 40B . I have worn others that i absolutely hate because I havent been able to find this style . Now that i have found it ... you dont have my style ... PLEASE HELP !!!
 I found this probably over 35 + years ago and have worn this as my daily bra since then . It is everything one needs , and it lasts forever !! I have tried others occasionally , but always return to this one ! And now , it is being discontinued ???!!! -LRB- I do n't even know what else to buy !!! -RRB- I just wrote an email to the company ; I am sick !!!! I have worn Playtex intimate products all of my life and I attribute them to keeping my figure together , because of the excellent support they give . Now , if you see an old senior citizen letting it all hang out , that will probably be me ! -LRB- smile -RRB-
 I bought a tiara for each of my two granddaughters and they absolutely love it . It is better made than many I have seen and stays put on top of the head .
 Had to return the first one because some of the small sequins were missing so I 'm not sure about the durability of this product . The details are not as nice as I had hoped for , but overall this is the best tiara I have found and the only one that my child will wear because it does not have the uncomfortable claws that jab into your head . Also , it 's not too tight but stays on your head . Even adults can wear it to play along .
 Let me first say that my daughter does n't like anything on her head . Hats , barrettes , headbands , none of it meets with her approval -- except for this crown . It has jewels , which were hard for her to pass up , and the best part is it actually stays on her head despite being jostled around quite a bit . She can turn her head upside down , crawl through a tunnel , jump up and down and when she 's done the crown is still where I put it ! We purchased it to go with a Sleeping Beauty dress and it is the perfect match . Princess Aurora would approve .
 This is one of the sturdier princess headbands I 've seen , but already pieces need hot glue touch ups . If it were for my kids , I 'd stick with the dollar store for how quickly kids tear through things .
 My nephew is hard to fit . I was so pleased to find these , the jeans he likes , and for the great price , also .
 This pant is awsome . It looks better and feels better when put on . The price is excellent and the quality is good .
 like the jeans the weird black color was kinda weird at first but then i like it ????????
 My son really love it , difficult to find so big size working jeans in our country Malaysia , he ask me to buy more.I will do it soon.Edward from Malaysia .
 In my opinion Dickies are the best jeans on the market . They are durable and unless you are going to let trends be the only thing that decides the jeans you buy they are the perfect jean . They look decent for a traditional style carpenter or regular styled jeans . They last longer than any other brand I have ever owned . They have the best bang for the buck .
 These jeans are comfortable yet sturdy . They look great on me . What more could you ask of a pair of jeans ?
 Great price and comfortable I was very pleased to learn they came with a lifetime warenty
 I ordered the wrong size the first time , so now I need to order the right size.I like these pants because they are very comfortable and they are long lasting if taken care of properly.I will order the right size soon.Thank you .
 Good quality for the price . In Russia , for this price are not kpit jeans . At least 4-6 times more expensive . Came perfectly . I recommend
 Her likes these jeans they are comfort for him fabric is get for him great fit . Love Dickie products will continue to purchase as long as the quality stays the same .
 My son loves these pants . They look good on him . He is very happy with them . No skimping on length either .
 The fit is fantastic . They are extremely well made and look great on . They live up to their Industrial strength claim .
 These were sized correctly , were exactly as advertised , an excellent product . They were a gift and really appreciated ! Thanks you . !
 This pant is awsome . It looks better and feels better when put on . The price is excellent and the quality is good .
 like the jeans the weird black color was kinda weird at first but then i like it ????????
 My son really love it , difficult to find so big size working jeans in our country Malaysia , he ask me to buy more.I will do it soon.Edward from Malaysia .
 In my opinion Dickies are the best jeans on the market . They are durable and unless you are going to let trends be the only thing that decides the jeans you buy they are the perfect jean . They look decent for a traditional style carpenter or regular styled jeans . They last longer than any other brand I have ever owned . They have the best bang for the buck .
 These jeans are comfortable yet sturdy . They look great on me . What more could you ask of a pair of jeans ?
 Great price and comfortable I was very pleased to learn they came with a lifetime warenty
 I ordered the wrong size the first time , so now I need to order the right size.I like these pants because they are very comfortable and they are long lasting if taken care of properly.I will order the right size soon.Thank you .
 Good quality for the price . In Russia , for this price are not kpit jeans . At least 4-6 times more expensive . Came perfectly . I recommend
 Her likes these jeans they are comfort for him fabric is get for him great fit . Love Dickie products will continue to purchase as long as the quality stays the same .
 My son loves these pants . They look good on him . He is very happy with them . No skimping on length either .
 The fit is fantastic . They are extremely well made and look great on . They live up to their Industrial strength claim .
 These were sized correctly , were exactly as advertised , an excellent product . They were a gift and really appreciated ! Thanks you . !
 My nephew is hard to fit . I was so pleased to find these , the jeans he likes , and for the great price , also .
 Its a great quality tshirt at a decent price and my son loves it . I wore it to an Aerosmith concert and it was great .
 Very nice little bag . Soft fabric . Suits my purposes very well .
 I originally bought this in brown , which has a soft pink lining , at a local department store . The fit is so great that I then ordered one in taupe -LRB- lilac lining -RRB- and one in black -LRB- red lining -RRB- from Amazon . I usually buy only front-close racerbacks because I have always had a problem with straps slipping and the racerbacks eliminate that . However , for some clothes , the racerback would show and I 've had to endure the slipping strap problem.Well , for some reason , I DO NOT HAVE STRAP SLIPS with this particular style of WonderBra ! HALLELUJAH ! In addition , the gel filled cups give great lift without looking like I 'm trying to serve my meager offerings up on a platter under my chin.However , please note that , while the band size is spot on -LRB- a touch more generous and structured than the VS front-close gel push-ups -RRB- , the cup sizes run small SO ORDER THE NEXT CUP SIZE UP . I normally wear a 38B with room left over in the cup , but for this WonderBra style , I had to go up to a 38C instead . Yet it still does a great job of creating cleavage . Heh , hooda thunk I 'd ever wear a C-cup . ; - D
 One of my favorite undergarments ! I have purchased many bras over the years but this one is the best by far . The surface is molded and very smooth so you ca n't see it under a tshirt . Some other fancy bras have lace that looks lumpy/bumpy under a tight fitting tee.Very light padding for shape - does not add bulk.Front closure is very comfortable - unlike back closures which sometimes dig into the skin when you sit in a chair . The front closure is not adjustable -LRB- like back closures that have the 3 sets of hooks -RRB- so be sure to get the proper band size for a comfortable fit .
 My friend rates this product . Qood quality and a well known name at a good price . I would buy from this firm again .
 I actually own two of these bras , and Im very pleased with them . I have a white with light pink interior and a black with red interior . Im a big fan of the front close bras and I really like that these have adjustable straps that arent racerback . The staps dont get in the way , dont slip and are comfortable . The cups have gel in them that provide a very nice push up . I was actually suprised by how nice the results are without making my chest look unnatural but instead inhancing what 's already there . The material is very smooth and pretty as well . I really like that they have some sex appeal and are also convenient and comfortable . I would recommend this product , especially for women who are lacking a bit in that particular area lol .
 Good cleavage and smooth under tight tops . Unfortunately , not being in a store means you either order one of every size and send back a bunch , or live with your best guess .
 Saw bad reviews about receiving this item as well as people complaining it was n't what they expected and almost didnt order it . It looks exactly like it does in the picture -LRB- didnt expect the wings to be rigid -RRB- . After ordering I received it in a few days with no difficulty.Glad I ignored the reviews and bought it . It was absolutely adorable
 I was surprised when I read the other reviews and what a negative experience they had with the company - mine was much different . If I had seen them before I ordered , I probably would n't have ordered the costume ! However , I did n't have a bad experience at all . I also do not work for this company - although there is n't any way I can prove that I have reviewed other unrelated products on this website . I got this costume for my son who was two months old at Halloween . I ordered the costume in early October and received it in a week without any problems . The costume itself is nice quality and will last a long time . It is easy to get on and off -LRB- Which is fortunate because my son pooped his diaper halfway through trick-or-treating -RRB- . It might be a bit too heavy in hot/warm weather , but our Halloween was chilly so the costume kept him warm without overheating -LRB- my son is hot natured -RRB- . The wings attach with velcro , which is nice for when you have to take them off for traveling in the carseat . I have only two complaints -LRB- which is why I did n't give it five stars -RRB-
 This pant is awsome . It looks better and feels better when put on . The price is excellent and the quality is good .
 like the jeans the weird black color was kinda weird at first but then i like it ????????
 My son really love it , difficult to find so big size working jeans in our country Malaysia , he ask me to buy more.I will do it soon.Edward from Malaysia .
 In my opinion Dickies are the best jeans on the market . They are durable and unless you are going to let trends be the only thing that decides the jeans you buy they are the perfect jean . They look decent for a traditional style carpenter or regular styled jeans . They last longer than any other brand I have ever owned . They have the best bang for the buck .
 These jeans are comfortable yet sturdy . They look great on me . What more could you ask of a pair of jeans ?
 Great price and comfortable I was very pleased to learn they came with a lifetime warenty
 I ordered the wrong size the first time , so now I need to order the right size.I like these pants because they are very comfortable and they are long lasting if taken care of properly.I will order the right size soon.Thank you .
 Good quality for the price . In Russia , for this price are not kpit jeans . At least 4-6 times more expensive . Came perfectly . I recommend
 Her likes these jeans they are comfort for him fabric is get for him great fit . Love Dickie products will continue to purchase as long as the quality stays the same .
 My son loves these pants . They look good on him . He is very happy with them . No skimping on length either .
 The fit is fantastic . They are extremely well made and look great on . They live up to their Industrial strength claim .
 These were sized correctly , were exactly as advertised , an excellent product . They were a gift and really appreciated ! Thanks you . !
 My nephew is hard to fit . I was so pleased to find these , the jeans he likes , and for the great price , also .
 My nephew is hard to fit . I was so pleased to find these , the jeans he likes , and for the great price , also .
 This pant is awsome . It looks better and feels better when put on . The price is excellent and the quality is good .
 like the jeans the weird black color was kinda weird at first but then i like it ????????
 My son really love it , difficult to find so big size working jeans in our country Malaysia , he ask me to buy more.I will do it soon.Edward from Malaysia .
 In my opinion Dickies are the best jeans on the market . They are durable and unless you are going to let trends be the only thing that decides the jeans you buy they are the perfect jean . They look decent for a traditional style carpenter or regular styled jeans . They last longer than any other brand I have ever owned . They have the best bang for the buck .
 These jeans are comfortable yet sturdy . They look great on me . What more could you ask of a pair of jeans ?
 Great price and comfortable I was very pleased to learn they came with a lifetime warenty
 I ordered the wrong size the first time , so now I need to order the right size.I like these pants because they are very comfortable and they are long lasting if taken care of properly.I will order the right size soon.Thank you .
 Good quality for the price . In Russia , for this price are not kpit jeans . At least 4-6 times more expensive . Came perfectly . I recommend
 Her likes these jeans they are comfort for him fabric is get for him great fit . Love Dickie products will continue to purchase as long as the quality stays the same .
 My son loves these pants . They look good on him . He is very happy with them . No skimping on length either .
 The fit is fantastic . They are extremely well made and look great on . They live up to their Industrial strength claim .
 These were sized correctly , were exactly as advertised , an excellent product . They were a gift and really appreciated ! Thanks you . !
 THE SHIRT ARRIVE IN TIME AND THE SELLER WAS VERY KIND TO PRE-CHECK THE ITEMS BEFORE SENDING , AS SUCH SOME SPOTS WERE DISCOVERED ON THE OTHER SHIRT AND I WAS NOTIFY PROMPTLY FOR A CHANGE OF ITEMS THROUGH PHONE . . GREAT AND RESPONSIBLE SELLER : -RRB- As for the shirt it was quite plain than I expected but anyway nice to have it .
 For a tf2 medic cosplay these are great . They look kind of delicate though so I wo n't be too rough with them . Great colour and fit . I was hoping theyd be a bit wider at the openings but it looks fine anyway .
 The red gloves were sent to me immediately & they did fit quite well.thanks for your service .
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 It 's a great costume , for a kid like 20-25 pounds . Perfect for a colder environment .
 soft , perfect , great quality , plush , comfortable , if you want your child to receive a million compliments in a costume then buy this one , looks fantastic !!
 I did n't buy this on Amazon but at a store a few years ago . I have a small bust -LRB- AA or NA -RRB- and this fit wonderfully . I especially liked it because it did n't have any padding or wires . It was super comfortable and could keep it on all day . I tried to find the same bra in black but the store that I purchased it from said they do n't sell it in black anymore .
 I purchased these glove liners before a trip to Helsinki in December 2005 - they are wonderful . I never put another glove on top of them . No cold air comes through them and they are thin enough to use my hands normally . I 'm buying another pair because I finally lost them ... in addition to serving me well on the coast in Oregon , they had gone with me to Copenhagen and Paris , with the same results , before leaving my possession .
 I 'm using these glove liners as gloves only . The gloves are very comfortable and the thinness of the gloves allows for very good dexterity . Due to the thinness of the gloves , wind will come through them and I would not recommend them for very cold weather -LRB- keeping in mind that these gloves are meant to be glove liners -RRB- . I found the method for sizing to be accurate for the large size . Very nice
 The gloves are great for running . I wear them from about 40 degrees down to the mid-teens .
 My first pair was unfortunately left vulnerable to moths over the summer , and when I went to put them on a week or so ago I discovered that something terrible had happened to them.I wear mine under some windproof The North Face Gloves and the two together are the best glove combination I 've found . I had to add a second windproof layer last year with it got down to -22 , but then I was good . I used to use military wool glove liners , but they are n't nearly as warm or well fitting as the Smart Wool glove liners are.I 'm very happy with them .
 higreat fit and nice wool that is tolerable to wear . This pair replaces one that I had received as a gift.i have a really large hand and most large and many xlarge do not fit . when i got my first pair was skeptical of them , after wearing this past winter and year before really like them when i walk 2-3 miles every day with my dog .
 Too bulky for liners unless you use mittens to ski , which I do . They shrank slightly when I washed them , but that was OK for me because I have stubby fingers.The fabric does snag a bit so these are not work gloves . I wear them running , or skiing in warmer , no wind , conditions .
 They are smartwool , so of course this is a high quality product . Since they are unisex , the medium is just a hair large for my hands . Otherwise , I think they are perfect . They will fit well under my Burton mittens that I wear while I ski .
 These are great as liners or , in milder winter weather as the only glove you wear . I like them because you still have the use of your hands , can do fairly intricate work with your fingers while wearing them .
