 I was looking for a helmet that had the novelty look and the DOT protection . Oh golly gee did I find it boys and girls ! My dog , Gator , loves this helmet ! Every time we go tootling down to the pub for a cold pint , he now wears this groovy lid ! He ca n't imagine life without it now and I would n't want him to . Thanks to this great helmet Gator and I can now ride in style and look cool at the same time !
 I would not have bought this helmet except for the comments left by other buyers , and I could n't agree more ! I have looked at many other DOT approved German style helmets and all of them up to this point have had that over-sized mushroom look that I could n't stand . This helmet is the perfect balance between safty and look . The helmet fit great . I did order a small , even though I probably could have used a medium for max comfort , but that was my fault . I was worried about the helmet raising up while riding , which it does not . Great helmet . Great price . I would n't think twice before buying if you 're in the market for a stylish german style look .
 I must say it is nice to get a helmet that doesnt make me look like special ed when I wear it . This fits great and is DOT approved .
 This helmet is very nice . I have purchased several helmets for my husband only to return them because he thought they looked stupid . My husband is very picky so I was suprised that he actually liked this one . This helmet looks great on and does not look give you the `` mushroom look '' like other DOT helmets . Overall an excellent buy , I have no complaints .
 Just what i expected . Excelent quality , nice fit and comfortable . It 's the best buy i ever made on Amazon . Thanks Jafrum
 I look badass riding my bike Down the strip in the Summer time , matches my bike cheap and worth every penny
 As a result of being DOT approved , this helmet has very thick padding inside of it , so it ends up sitting too high on your head . The strap is pretty cheap quality too . Wore it once , now it 's going on craigslist .
 I got this a a Xmas present for my boyfriend . We had seen it at the Harley store but none of the sizes they had fit him . I was hesitant to get it online because I was n't sure what size would fit him but they have a return and exchange policy that I was comfortable with and it was cheaper online even with the shipping costs . I got the XL and it fit him perfectly . Very satisfied !
 I get complements on it every ride . It is great for someone with a smaller head and its not super bulky like you would expect a DOT certified helmet to be . Bad@$$ helmet
 I bought it for my husband who loves his motorcycle as much as me if not more . He loves it . He never rides without it .
 I love this helmet . I was apprehensive about how well the strap would fit after reading a few negative reviews about it . I have had no issues that other reviews have mentioned about the strap , its placement , or even how the helmet sits on my head . I love this helmet period . Cost effective and stylish . Highly recommended .
 Our friend rides a Harley and when he wears this helmet is looks awesome on him . He said the helmet ROCKS !
 this helmet is one the best i have seen and worn . very well made helmet at a very affordable price .
 The helmet looks great and fits great , too . It seems to be well made , but it will be a definite improvement over my full face helmet with the summer here in Georgia ! just be sure to double check your helmet sizes . The helmet I ordered is a large , though I usually wear an extra large . The padding is comfortable , and it comes with a helmet bag to keep it looking nice . it 's the right helmet at the right price ! Thanks Amazon and Thanks JAFRUM !
 Very good product , comfortable and the xlarge fit my big head . Most helmets look like a bowl on my head , this looked good . Recommend to all and what a great price over 50 % lower than all the stores .
 I do n't really understand the people that just complain about the strips , uncomfortable maybe for a few days , but you get used ... is just matter of attitude , I ride my bike above 60 mph without windshield , and if you have the helment tight enough it does n't move ! Once again uncomfortable for the first days yes ... but after that , you get used . So please stop being such weeping boys , also you ca n't expect 100 % awesomness for 30 something bucks , any ways the helmet looks cool , and what you have for the price is just fair and nice . I will absolutely recommend this product to anyone .
 I have been using it for two months and I am very happy to buy it . Looks good , protects good
 These German helmets seam to run small in size . This is my '' `` third '' '' helmet . I wear a medium sized helmet but I finally got this helmet that fits me and is comfortable to wear on my third try with a size `` large '' helmet . It is a cool helmet and I have been stopped at a light to have someone compliment me on this German helmet . Like I said though they seam to run small in the sizing chart so I would recommend going one to two sizes larger than you would normally wear . The other helmets would squeeze down on my forehead . This large just fits over and around my entire head and really is much more comfortable to wear . The wind does not catch under this helmet either because it fits much better , so you do not get that constant pulling on your chin from the chin strap . The others are like helmet parachutes .
 OK , this is a a good helemt , fit finish are excellent . BUT , the size tends to run small . so when you measure your head get the next size bigger . my head is 59cm so i ordered the correct size , and the label on the inside also said it was correct but it is to small , so i gave it to my 15year old son for his mini bike . next time i will order the XXL size .
 To those stating this helmet looks too big on your head and hangs over too much ; That is what the real german helmets looked like , they flair at the bottom . This helmet runs true to size , I own a Fulmer Half Shell helmet in an XL and that is the size I ordered for this German Helmet . Received Helmet 3 days after placing order . -LRB- very fast -RRB- It fits just the way the Fulmer does . The Photo does give this Helmet the look of a grainy Flat which I was not looking for , when I received it , I was relived to find that it has a rubberized feel to it and is a great looking Flat Black . I also ordered this Helmet in gloss black for my Dad and the gloss looks just as good if that is your preference . Straps are strong , and quality is great . Highly recommend this Helmet !!!!
 I just got this helmet to wear while riding short distance around town . I priced the helmet at several other places and this one with shipping was half the cost than the 2 local cycle shops.I think this is a great buy for the cost if you like this style helmet.The seller got it to me quick so I was very happy about that Quality seems to be great . I recommend this helmet.Eddie
 I DEBATED LONG AND HARD , I FINALLY DECIDED ON THIS HELMET ON A WHIM - PREPARED TO ORDER ANOTHER IF NOT SATISFIED . I LOVE IT , I HAVE HAD MANY COMPLIMENTS FROM PEOPLE WHO WERE ALSO HESITANT TO TRY ONE.I LIKE THE WEIGHT AND FEEL ON MY HEAD . MY ONLY DRAW BACK IS THAT I DID NOT ORDER A FACE SHIELD , BUT WILL DO .
 This helmet is of good quality and if fits nicley . The only problem I had is after 2 weeks the strap holder broke . But , I just tuck the strap into itself .
 It was a DOT German Half helmet . I didnt want a DOT helmet . My mistake . But it was what the seller said it was .
 i use this helmet for airsoft . . its nice item & nice looking . . its very hot -LRB- for sports -RRB- and kinda hard to hide . . just for nice looking . . useful for bike rider
 I bought this helmet as an XL , because I wear an XL hat . I would recommend everyone to get a size larger than what usually fits you . All i had to do was cut down some of the forehead and it fits awesome ! It 's very comfortable !
 We ordered this helmet and my husband really liked it , but unfortunately it was too small . The helmet was quality made and exactly what he wanted . He was disappointed when it did n't fit . We shipped it back and Edwin the owner of Electrik Gear was very helpful . He was quick to return my emails and answer my questions . We will definately order from Electric Gear anytime they have what we are looking for . I look for great costumer service and that is what we got from him .
 The fit is fantastic and does n't give you the `` Mushroom Head Look '' . Very comfortable ! The only thing missing is a snap to hold the extra strap from flapping in the wind . This is just a minor issue as they do have a band that holds it down pretty well .
 Bought the helmet online , delivered ontime and Love it . Great buying experience.I would buy this helmet again and will look to Amazon for future products for my Harley etc. . .
 I 've tried on a few helmets and this is one of the better looking DOT helmets that i 've put on for sure . You are still going to get a little of the `` mushroom head '' look but to me this one is great.The couple of issues that i have with the helmet are some that have been brought up already . The first being the placement of the neck strap . For whatever reason it 's WAY back towards the middle/back of the helmet . It chokes the crap out of you if you have it as tight as you probably should , and like to wear it low on your forehead . I guess the manufacturer thinks you should wear it like one of those beanies with the propeller on the top . That 's the only way the strap would land where it needs to under your chin . If you loosen it a little you can find a semi comfortable place for it which is what i 've been doing . It 's not bad enough that i 'm going to get rid of the helmet but i might contact a seamstress and see if someone ca n't lengthen the back part of the strap -LRB- the `` V '' -RRB- and see if i can correct it.The only other complaint i have with it is the surface is easy to blemish . I had already geared up for a ride and needed to grab something out of my basement so i was wearing the helmet and barely nicked a pipe with the top of my head and it took a little chip out of the helmet . I 'm sure it 's just the nature of having a flat/matte black surface but i was surprised it actually took a layer off . Just a cosmetic thing but worth mentioning.For me the look was what i was looking for so i 'm keeping it but it 's not perfect , but what helmet would be for this price . Get it and check it out , they have a good return policy and it 's dirt cheap . What can you lose .
 Nice product came in a timely fashion and was as described.Good fit and finish it was better than I expected
 at beginening i order wrong size , that was deliverd to me in less then time that i was told , had to return it , and get new one in 2 days . would n't expect that turn around ~ !! . thanks guys .
 After a return of a previously ordered helmet -LRB- smaller size -RRB- , this helmet fit very well . The helmet , it seems , runs a size smaller . It is an impressive looking helmet with quality throughout . I would gladly recommend it and rate 5 stars !
 I ordered this helmet for its design and the fact it is DOT approved for California highways . Great for putt-ing around town , but also does well at highway speeds . Get that classic look and a great value . Has d-rings for fastening , but a trip to the local motorcycle shop I install quick release clips .
 I ordered this item as a present for my husband . He loves the look of the German helmet , but we could n't find any locally that were DOT certified . I found this online and ordered it . This item arrived 3 days earlier than promised , and it looks so good ! My husband loves it ! It has the look he wants , with the protection I wanted . The inside padding is n't so thick that he feels like it looks stupid . Thank you .
 My helmet looks very nice in it 's simple understated flat black finish . Interior padding seems comparable to my Bell Drifter in terms of protection and snugness . I originally purchased a `` Large '' , but found that to be a bit loose on my head and exchanged for a `` Medium '' -LRB- Jafrum 's size exchange program for their helmets works very well as I simply filled out the included form , returned the helmet to Jafrum 's address using the box it arrived in , and in about 3 weeks time had my new smaller sized helmet delivered to my door ; perfect -RRB- . The only caveat I have , and others have jovially referred to this , is the helmet tends to look rather over-sized when I 'm wearing it -LRB- the first thing that comes to mind is truly `` Dark Helmet '' from Spaceballs -RRB- . The larger appearance is n't ridiculous per se , but myself and others have at least noted it . Obviously the increased dimensions is due to the larger interior of the helmet to provide the ample padding protection for DOT approval . So , while this might not look as `` cool '' as the novelty `` Wehrmachts '' while wearing it , it will definitely provide the protection `` toy '' helmets will not -LRB- and at the end of the day , the protection capability is what matters most , in my opinion anyway -RRB- .
 For the money this item is a good buy . Size runs large for the 2XL .
 I totally dig this helmet . It 's got a cool shape and it 's sturdy . I did n't want one of those `` novelty '' helmets . I admit that it 's a little bigger on your head than a novelty helmet would be , but I chock it up to the fact that it 's actually a DOT certified helmet.Definitely worth the purchase .
 For a D.O.T. aproved motorcycle helmet I feel this product is well worth the money
 Great quality lift support . The product came with new harware and a new gasket . It fit well and was easier to install than the old lifter was to take off .
 This Flowmaster 60 Series is very well-made , and has great tone on my 2.0 L 4-cylinder engine . It has a pleasantly -LRB- Not overly - -RRB- increased volume over stock at normal driving conditions , but can be quite loud if you want it to be by putting your foot down.On a more technical standpoint , I have access to a flow bench , and have tested a Flowmaster muffler against a conventional glasspack design , and can honestly testify that the Flowmaster vastly outperformed the glasspack.I would also like to add , that , in my own opinion , Flowmasters sound AMAZING on 4 - and 8-cylinder engines . Not so much on 6-cylinder engines . On any Flowmaster 'd V6 I 've heard to date , a Flowmaster sounds very tinny , and more like you 've cut the muffler off rather than put a performance muffler on . If you are looking at this product for a 6-cylinder , I would personally advise looking up 6-cylinder vehicles similar to yours that are equipped with Flowmaster -LRB- Search videos on the internet , ask around at a car show , et cetera -RRB- , and make sure that it is a sound you want .
 Installed this one on a Nissan truck with the VG30E with factory exhaust manifolds . Has a nice sound but it does like to drone sometimes at certain speeds . It can slightly affect the fuel maps of the computer a bit on cold starts so make sure your ECU likes it . If you have something other than a 2 '' exhaust , they also have a 2.25 '' version of this muffler . Also , you may want to browse around videos and forums to make sure that this is the sound you want . You may or may not like it over the stock muffler . The build quality on the muffler however is excellent .
 I bought this filter because of the nut built on to the bottom . It makes changing my BMW 's filter so much easier than not having the nut , or having a special filter adapter on my socket wrench . I have no oil analysis lab at my house , so I 'm not sure if the actual filter is any better than any others , but the convenience of this K&N filter is worth it alone , and the price was less than OEM . I 'll continue to buy these for my bike !
 10 micron vs. 25 , when it comes to filtration , what more do you need to know . BMW stock filters are paper and sometimes disintegrate . Not the KN , finer and synthetic , excellent .
 easier maintenance with out loss of quality . quick service and found them on sale.you probably will not go wrong with these
 This oil filer arrived quickly and was as described . The original BMW part does not have the nut on the bottom of the filter and is a royal pain in the butt to remove if you do n't have the BMW oil filter filter wrench -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- . I will only install the K&N filter as long as I own my BMW k1200LT .
 fit my K75 perfectly . really like the nut on the bottom . make install and removal much easier , and since it 's about the same price as all the other brands , why not go with K&N .
 Perfect fit for my 02 K1200RS . Now I do n't have to worry about having a special wrench . I made my own wrench to get the old filter out . YES , it fits perfectly , even with the nut on the end !
 Without the K&N ; KN-163 filter it requires a specialized -LRB- or , customized -RRB- oil filter removal tool to get the old filter out of a BMW K-bike . K&N ; saw through the ridiculousness of that and added a 17mm nut on the bottom of the filter making the job simple.I suspect BMW designed the filter system that way to lure you into the BMW dealership to get your oil changed - the other options are to wander about town for a metal oil-filter wrench and grind it down until it fits in the tight clearance between the filter and the engine block . To remove my old -LRB- non - K&N ;-RRB- filter I tried a ground-down plastic took but it was too thin and flexed rather than un-screwed the old filter . I ended-up driving two awls into the bottom and pried the filter around and out - uggh what a mess!These filters allow you to grab the filter with a 17mm socket or end wrench and get ` er done - they are a great thing ! Cudos to K&N ; .
 I installed this filter on my K1200GT . Did replace the oil after 5500 miles -LRB- used AMSOIL 10W40 -RRB- . I have never seen oil coming out of an engine after 5500 miles being so clean . I attribute this to the filter . Will keep using KN163 . Thanks K&N .
 What took 100 + years for them to make an oil filter so easy to change !!! Good times . total time saver .
 If you have an alternative buy an oil filter that has the nut built in.like the K series You wont need special tools and may avoid the terrifying prospect of crushing the old oil filter while trying to take it off . I did not give it stars because I did not research the cleaning capabilities .
 These nets are as advertised . They are strong and work very well holding a tarp on top of a utility trailer .
 I bought a two of these cargo nets and immediately found multiple uses for them . Great for securing several boxes at once , or even standing objects on end to take up less room -LRB- guitars , in this case -RRB- .
 These venturi reducers are in my opinion , the only Flowmaster product worth buying . Their mufflers are great on vintage muscle cars , but there is far better available out there these days when it comes to mufflers and cat-back systems . I bought these reducers to splice a Corsa Db muffler -LRB- discontinued now -RRB- into the stock exhaust of my 2000 Silverado . The stock exhaust diameter is a not common 2.75 inches and no aftermarket mufflers use inlet/outlet diameters of that size . So , I needed a reducer that I could fit into the muffler inlet/outlet 's and then measure and cut at the 2.75 inch width to have it all welded together , avoiding the drastic changes in diameter of the typical reducer . The way these reducers are tapered is what makes them superior to other designs and a flowmaster product worth buying . I only wish they were offered in stainless steel because now these reducers are the weak link in my exhaust system in terms of where corrosion can/will strike as the rest of the system is stainless steel .
 I had the clutch installed in my '98 Mustang Cobra a couple of weeks ago and so far it 's good . Clutch pedal is as easy to press as the original clutch . Very faint chatter as 1st gear engages , but that should disappear with use .
 This vacuum hose is just as advertised and cleans up really slick . Easy to route and stands up to everything under the hood and LOOKS GREAT !!!
 This headlight fit right into the stock location without much adjusting at all . This is a great product that should be considered .
 this is exactly the right part and a very cheap price . the quality was awesome too . hassle free installation .
 These replacement headlights totally improved visibility and made my car look much better . Prior to buying these headlights , I used headlight lens restore products , which worked temporarily . I found the lens cleaners would fade away within weeks and never looked nearly as sharp as these new headlights . The replacement lamps are fully assembled and expertly packaged . I reused one of the brackets that was a little tricky to install . Overall , it only took 10 minutes per side . No adjustments were needed . I am totally impressed !!
 great price , perfect fit literally took less than 5 mins to install . slightly hard to close hood but better than propping it up . The hood actually opens by itself and I would recommend this product to anyone who needs it . thanks !!!
 Works great . Replaced my worn hood lift support . I do n't have to use the broom stick anymore . Now , we 'll see how long this new set will hold up .
 I got a set of these for my wife 's 02 Jeep liberty and they work perfect . The only negative was trying to understand the directions on the packing , but I was able to see on Youtube how to release the clip . It took me a total of 1 minute to replace both lifts , super easy and works great !
 These are great lifts . very well worth the money . The cost was 1/4 of the the parts house . It only takes 2 min . to install . Flat screw diver and small vise grips and you are ready to go !
 Our originals went out during a rainstorm -LRB- of course -RRB- . Found these and they were great . Just what I needed and were delivered FAST !!!
 The StrongArm works great ... . Got 2 of them for my 2002 Jeep Liberty hood . Took 5 minutes to instail . Now I can work on my engine without the hood falling on me ... lol
 I am really impressed with the quality of these lift supports . They are very nicely made and were a breeze to install .
 Work so good I bought the StrongArm 4365 's for the glass on the back . And I just ordered some for my Xterra liftgate .
 Product arrived on-time and works as described.I would recommend this purchase to others.These were substantially more expensive from the dealership . Excellent buy !
 Direct replacement requiring only a small flat blade screwdriver -LRB- I used my key chain Swiss Army knife 's driver -RRB- . Directions are printed on the box and it could not be easier .
 They came in just in time and fit perfect . They fit great . Do you guy 's give things away for ordering all the time ?
 I own a 2004 Jeep Liberty , and hood wo n't stay up . I received these quickly , and they included a discount along with the free shipping.For my vehicle , it was extremely easy to install
 put up with droopy lift supports far too long ... product works perfectly and was an easy install . Definitely recommend to any liberty owner needing replacement lifts
 This lift literally took 5 minutes to install and now my hood will stay up again ! Now I can throw away my old broomstick !
 These were identical to the supports on my 2005 Jeep Liberty . It took less than 10 minutes to replace both supports . They work great . I noticed some one star reviews that commented on these being the rear glass lifts . Those use a different lift , not this one . The rear glass lifts are similar but shorter ... Make sure you get the correct lift when you order !
 Purchased the Strongarm 4366 Hood lift supports for my wife 's 2002 Jeep Liberty Limited and they fit perfectly . These were extremely easy to install and was able to replace both the supports in under 5 minutes . The instructions on the box are more complicated than what is needed . The supports do not require a large amount of force to close the hood and the hood pops up slowly once the hood latch is released . Highly recommended for the price and make a world of a difference when the old supports go out and you are trying to perform work under the hood .
 Bought the StrongArm lifts at half the price of the local automotive store . Great product and easy to install.Thanks
 Purchased for 2002 Liberty struts that suddenly did not hold.Luckily I got out from under the hood just before hood dropped.StrongArm struts were very easy to install.Have someone hold the hood during replacement , pop the old ones off , snap the new ones in , and that 's it.New struts function terrific.Great value for the money !
 Bought these to replace the stock hood struts for my Jeep Liberty 2002 V6.These are a perfect fit and very easy to install . No tools needed to install , however a screwdriver or some type of prying tool is needed to remove the clips on the old struts.These struts are so strong I had a hard time closing the hood after I first installed them , however after a few times they have seemed to break in and are n't quite so stiff .
 Although I did n't see directions in the box , it was easy it would have been an insult . I did n't have help but I replaced the first one without drama . If you are cheap you can probably get by with just one , two new lifts qualify for free shipping and work very well .
 These arrived undamaged in good packaging . They were an easy replacement , simply snapped on to existing mounts . Took less than five minutes . One of them held up the hood all by itself , so they are certainly strong enough to do the job . I 'm very happy with them.Follow the directions on the package and find a helper to hold the hood up ! I did not , and the block of wood I used fell and broke another plastic piece under the hood , which I then had to fix . Completely my fault , and avoidable if I had followed the directions they provided .
 I got these for my old , now my daughter 's Jeep Liberty . They install within minutes , you need a small screwdriver to take the old ones off , but nothing to install new ones , just pop right on ! very easy , and they work like brand new and the price was good also .
 These are a great replacement for the hood supports on your Jeep Liberty . It took me all of 2 minutes to get the old ones off and the new ones on . Now the hood lifts up on its own when unlatched , as it should . If your supports no longer hold your hood up , replace them with these .
 These struts seem to be identical to the OEM struts on my 2002 Jeep Liberty . Same manufacturer , AVM , made in USA . My old ones failed after 8 years . These are easy to install - pop the old ones off , these just push into place . I added a bit of grease on the ball joints . Same parts at Jeep were $ 97.00 a pair . Go figure . Very pleased with purchase .
 Installed quickly and easily . I did learn the hard way not to remove the retainer clips on the new arms before inserting them . It 's not necessary as the clips snap over the hood 's mountain bracket -LRB- ball/socket -RRB- instead .
 I got this and did not like too because with 2002 vehicle they should not be repaired if they was done good in the factory .
 realiza la funci&oacute;n perfecta de amortiguaci&oacute;n y excelente precio , muy facil de instalar , lo recomiendo al 100 % , yo mismo lo coloque en mi cherokee liberty 2005
 The items ordered arrived promptly.However , the two items were not shipped together.They were shipped individually in medium-sized boxes that could easily have held two dozen items each.QUITE A WASTE OF SHIPPING CARTONS AND SHIPPING COSTS !
 Love this product , I installed it on my VW Amarok , it looks great but could be four inches longer.I would recommend this product to any Amarok owner .
 bought this for a ford ranger works great easy install keeps people off my bumper now at the stop light , bad is it covers the hole to lower the spare tire
 I ordered this for my husband 's truck . Very easy to install ! I actually helped him do it . It looks awesome and he is so happy with it and so am I ! We would both recommend this product .
 I love this light bar , however , it was not used for its primary purpose . I used mine to light a cargo carrier . Though probably not needed , I wanted it anyway . I would have liked the turn/stop led be different color , but it functions well . I chose not to use the adhesive pads , but used the holes they were attached with , and screwed directly to the frame . I wo n't get heavy enough use to determine if they are long term weather resistance , but it seems very well built .
 I purchased another set of front brake pads -LRB- QC465A -RRB- from Amazon for my 2004 Honda Civic Hybrid , based on Amazon 's auto parts finder , but they did n't fit . After checking with an another auto parts store online , I ordered these . They worked perfectly . I installed them yesterday and true to the title , they 're nice and quiet . No squeaks yet . The instructions are a little confusing , but I did n't add any anti-squeak compound to the backs of the pads . The reason I only give this product 4 stars is that the set I ended up returning came with new mounting clips , whereas these did n't . I 'm not sure if they 're all supposed to come with new clips , as it does n't state this on the box , but I was able to reuse my old ones .
 I purchased this oil filter for my motorcycle after I could n't get the old one off without vice grips . It went on easy and think it will be much easier to get off of the motorcycle . Great price here on Amazon too !
 I have been playing drums all my life so I few years back I needed to clean my cymbals . I had tried Brasso -LRB- which is great for smooth items -RRB- before but it was extremely difficult to remove due to the grooves in most cymbals . I accidentally stumbled upon this brass polish in a grocery store and decided to try it . It is great for keeping cymbals clean ! It is mildly and I mean MILDLY abrasive and will remove the logos after a few cleanings , so I avoid these areas . I have never used it on the smooth brilliant models just the spun models . Whats cool about it as it rinses of with water . If they are extremely tarnished it may take a few cleanings . Some cymbals have a protective clear coating and this polish will eventually remove it . This brass polish got hard to find in local stores so thanks to Amazon I can keep my cymbals looking great . I get compliments on them all the time!Tim
 What ever kinds of brass materials you have , whether it is brass jewelry , doorknob , accessory , this will clean it all . It will make your life so much easier . This bottle with last a months and month and keep your brass looking shiny and new . One thing I would advise when using is use gloves and in a well ventilated area . The smell is a bit strong and can give you a headache in prolonged use .
 It works perfect on polished brass faucet of 15 years . Save cost to replace faucet . Will buy again . Wish more people aware this product
 This excellent brass polish took years of grime off my brass objects , leaving them looking almost new . Easily cleans off leaving no residue . BUY this !
 I just had to clean up a ton of brass items and after trying several different kinds I found this brand . I was very happy with how it worked on heavily tarnished brass .
 I have a lot of brass which we brought back from the orient and this is a very good , but most of all fairly effortless polish and the only polish I will use anymore .
 I ordered this product to try and polish a brass front door handle . We just bought this home and the very expensive door handle had not been cared for and looked awful . It would cost us close to $ 500 to replace it so a salesperson recommended this product . It was very inexpensive and works wonders . The door handle looks almost brand new .
 This product works as good as Brasso but without the `` nose bleeding '' ammonia smell . Bonus - its water based so that it comes out of your clothes with a warm water wash . Loads more tolerable than Brasso . Excellent !
 I was an avid Brasso user until they changed the formula a few years ago and now I wo n't touch the stuff because it does n't work AT ALL . I took a chance on the Wright 's brass polish and I have to say it is more like the Brasso of old . Works great ! My only beef is that it ca n't be found in any retail store , so buying on line is the only option . With postage , it ends up being twice the cost . But it works .
 Have used a lot of brass cleaner and this one is superior than any one . Goes on easy and comes off and leaves a great shine . I think it puts Brasso to shame . Recommend you try it for yourself and you will see what I 'm talking about . Buy it online because no stores sell it where I live .
 While other products may clean well , this one rinses off with water which makes it a step above the others . It is easy to use and really works well , and is especially great for brass objects with groves or decorations or designs on them . It leaves none of that dirty-looking greenish residue often left by other products . I use this monthly on my brass eagle door knocker and could n't be more pleased . In the past there was always a residue around the eagle 's wing feathers . Now my eagle looks regal ! This is my # 1 brass cleaner from now on .
 Great product for polishing brass , infinitely better than the `` new '' Brasso which is rubbish now with their formula change . I found it at the local True Value hardware store , but available on-line ; eg. , Amazon.com . Directions suggest rinsing with warm water after polishing , but I find just shining with a dry cloth also works well , no rinsing . But , I only polish one or two items at a time and then shine them to avoid letting the polish dry hard . In short , avoid Brasso , use Wright 's Brass Polish instead -LRB- not silver polish -RRB- .
 Weiman Products Brass Polish , I 've got this bottle of Wright 's Brass Polish I was surprised to see that it was not sealed , maybe they all come like that . 8 FL . oz . Bottle of which 3 FL . oz was missing , a good third of it 's size ! ... maybe it dried out or somebody used it and I was the Lucky Recipient ! ... that 's why it gets Four StarsRight away I put it to work , I have many Items in need of cleaning and only 5 FL . oz Remaining . I was Amazed how well this creamy liquid cleans the Brass . I started with a Solid Brass Morter and Pestle I rescued from the Garage it 's been there for many years , it need it two coats and a lot of rubbing and like Magic it became like New again , my Family did not think it was possible , I 'm going to need another bottle I 've got more work to do . I Posted Pictures of the items I cleaned , Check it out . Thank You
 A great product that I ca n't find locally , but the e-mail service for receiving it is outstanding . I 'm happy . Many thanks ,
 This polish is excellent for trombone slide care
 I thought I would give this product a try . My parent 's piano sat for thirty years without brass care for the pedals.I tried one buffing session and was amazed at the improvement . By the third go around I was starring into glass ! I was surprised at the ease of use and low odor of this product.Now time to use brass lacquer .
 The item arrived and works . If the product fails before a reasonable time than i will update but for now good stuff , good price , easy install .
 I bought this product last week , it arrived in 3 days , my fan went bad and I didnt know it did , and it caused my radiator to start leaking in my 1996 Honda Civic . I ordered the radiator from Amazon as well . Do not pay out the butt for a fan or radiator . Also , dont pay to have these 2 products installed , you can search on Youtube how to replace the fan and/or radiator , me and my father had the old out and new in within 15 minutes . It is very common sense to do and saved me a few hundred dollars , and of course my car stays nice and cool now , I recommend this product . Amazon rocks !
 I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner at a good price.Thanks you , John
 Parts arrived very soon after order . They have not been installed yet , but appearance is excellent .
 This is a good plug . I got it to replace a cheaper plug on a small motorcycle and it fired right up and worked great .
 This plug worked fine but on the first use my son crashed his scooter and fractured his hip on the maiden voyage with it . He is selling the scooter . But , hey , the plug really worked great !
 I looked everywhere for these plugs . And they were so expensive . Finally found them here at a great price . Thanks .
 I use these type for an off-brand motorcycle , and I am glad that Amazon had them in stock . They are a great value for their price and again the availability will make me a repeat customer for the product . As for the performance , my bike runs fine , so I have no complaints .
 purchased these plugs for my 1995 R100 Mystik BMW motorcycle . I have never had a problem with them , work great and last for a long time . In fact the only reason I had to replace them was that somebody stood on my bike and broke one .
 Does everything a sparkplug should do for a good price . I used this in my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 . Shipped quickly .
 Fast shipping and fits my '79 XS1100 Special . Runs great now . Plug was gapped perfectly upon receipt , lucky or coincidence , I do n't know , but it was . Thanks again Amazon .
 Ordered this for my kids Hammerhead GTS 150 buggy with a GY6 150CC engine . The go cart dealers all wanted almost triple what I found these for here on Amazon . With my prime membership they shipped 2 day for free . These plugs install and work just like the original .
 Just what my bike needed and at a price I could not find in the stores . Worth every dime .
 ... I somehow ordered the wrong spark plugs . I got the same number from my old ones and somehow managed to order different ones . Yeah ... oh well , these are cheap , only out a few burritos.Product is great .
 I get a very nice spark with this plug on my 67 Mini Cooper . It keeps clean requiring little maintenance . I did need to gap it so make sure you have a gapping tool - they are very inexpensive.I 'm unsure why this is called a `` Pack of 1 '' , and so for the sake of clarity - you get a single plug with the order and not the box of 4 that you sometimes see in stores.Very satisifed with the purchase . Prime eligible makes this very affordable .
 I used this as a replacement spark plug for my 1977 Honda XL75 . It fit perfectly and the bike runs just fine .
 This spark plug is very good and order came ontime . Now a days generator is a must because weather is changing and power outrage is so often
 Using this on my 1973 Honda CB350 and it is working great . Great power and I have never had any problems with them .
 Bought this for a 1994 Club Car DS . Works great . Shipped quick as always . Tough item number to find out there .
 There 's no excuse not to use high quality parts when you can find them at great prices on Amazon.com . I tried using another manufacturer 's `` equivalent '' , but it just did n't deliver the spark that the original NGK plug did in my little ATV . The `` other '' plug was brand new . In fact I had ordered two and tried them both . Neither would fire the engine . When I plugged in the NGK , the engine fired up on the first kick . I 'm sold and think you will be too !
 Ngk makes great products and plugs . I have never had any problems . I will keep buying their products year after year .
 I purchased these for my Harbor Freight 950 watt generator , they were a two pack and the price was super , the shipper had them in the mail the day I ordered them . For this Thanks , now one is running the generator when I need it and I have a spare . Good stuff
 Bought these for a '82 Kawasaki KZ440 and they worked perfect . They were clean and were gapped correctly . The best part is that the terminal connectors can screw off -LRB- this was needed for my bike -RRB- . The B7ES plugs -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- I purchased from Walmart do not screw off and I wasted my money on them . Glad I found these on Amazon & with free shipping it was practically a steal . Very happy .
 Good breaking , good price , I just started using them on my bike , and for the moment they are working properly .
 I landed this helmet in an XXL from Jafrum and could n't be happier . Padding is well made and not the cheap crumbly foam found in older helmets.Chin strap has an elastic guard to catch the overflow of the strap , preventing a chin beating at high speeds . The look matches the finish on my black Piaggio LT150 scooter . Love this helmet ! Price is right and DOT certified - ca n't lose !
 This helmet is comfortable and seems to be very well made . It is also priced pretty low ... so it is an overall great deal . Fortunately , I have n't had an opportunity to test its impact resistance , but it is DOT approved so I would say that is a good sign .
 Just what my bike needed and at a price I could not find in the stores . Worth every dime .
 ... I somehow ordered the wrong spark plugs . I got the same number from my old ones and somehow managed to order different ones . Yeah ... oh well , these are cheap , only out a few burritos.Product is great .
 I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner at a good price.Thanks you , John
 Parts arrived very soon after order . They have not been installed yet , but appearance is excellent .
 This is a good plug . I got it to replace a cheaper plug on a small motorcycle and it fired right up and worked great .
 This plug worked fine but on the first use my son crashed his scooter and fractured his hip on the maiden voyage with it . He is selling the scooter . But , hey , the plug really worked great !
 I looked everywhere for these plugs . And they were so expensive . Finally found them here at a great price . Thanks .
 I use these type for an off-brand motorcycle , and I am glad that Amazon had them in stock . They are a great value for their price and again the availability will make me a repeat customer for the product . As for the performance , my bike runs fine , so I have no complaints .
 purchased these plugs for my 1995 R100 Mystik BMW motorcycle . I have never had a problem with them , work great and last for a long time . In fact the only reason I had to replace them was that somebody stood on my bike and broke one .
 Does everything a sparkplug should do for a good price . I used this in my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 . Shipped quickly .
 Fast shipping and fits my '79 XS1100 Special . Runs great now . Plug was gapped perfectly upon receipt , lucky or coincidence , I do n't know , but it was . Thanks again Amazon .
 Ordered this for my kids Hammerhead GTS 150 buggy with a GY6 150CC engine . The go cart dealers all wanted almost triple what I found these for here on Amazon . With my prime membership they shipped 2 day for free . These plugs install and work just like the original .
 I get a very nice spark with this plug on my 67 Mini Cooper . It keeps clean requiring little maintenance . I did need to gap it so make sure you have a gapping tool - they are very inexpensive.I 'm unsure why this is called a `` Pack of 1 '' , and so for the sake of clarity - you get a single plug with the order and not the box of 4 that you sometimes see in stores.Very satisifed with the purchase . Prime eligible makes this very affordable .
 I used this as a replacement spark plug for my 1977 Honda XL75 . It fit perfectly and the bike runs just fine .
 This spark plug is very good and order came ontime . Now a days generator is a must because weather is changing and power outrage is so often
 Using this on my 1973 Honda CB350 and it is working great . Great power and I have never had any problems with them .
 Bought this for a 1994 Club Car DS . Works great . Shipped quick as always . Tough item number to find out there .
 There 's no excuse not to use high quality parts when you can find them at great prices on Amazon.com . I tried using another manufacturer 's `` equivalent '' , but it just did n't deliver the spark that the original NGK plug did in my little ATV . The `` other '' plug was brand new . In fact I had ordered two and tried them both . Neither would fire the engine . When I plugged in the NGK , the engine fired up on the first kick . I 'm sold and think you will be too !
 Ngk makes great products and plugs . I have never had any problems . I will keep buying their products year after year .
 I purchased these for my Harbor Freight 950 watt generator , they were a two pack and the price was super , the shipper had them in the mail the day I ordered them . For this Thanks , now one is running the generator when I need it and I have a spare . Good stuff
 Bought these for a '82 Kawasaki KZ440 and they worked perfect . They were clean and were gapped correctly . The best part is that the terminal connectors can screw off -LRB- this was needed for my bike -RRB- . The B7ES plugs -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- I purchased from Walmart do not screw off and I wasted my money on them . Glad I found these on Amazon & with free shipping it was practically a steal . Very happy .
 This has not been the first time I have purchased a clutch cable for a samurai . But this was the first time I found it so inexpensive , available , and shipping hassle free . Beck Arnley is the brand i 've used for years building these little cars and the quality has always been superb . I would recommend this item to anyone looking for a harder to find part .
 I landed this helmet in an XXL from Jafrum and could n't be happier . Padding is well made and not the cheap crumbly foam found in older helmets.Chin strap has an elastic guard to catch the overflow of the strap , preventing a chin beating at high speeds . The look matches the finish on my black Piaggio LT150 scooter . Love this helmet ! Price is right and DOT certified - ca n't lose !
 This helmet is comfortable and seems to be very well made . It is also priced pretty low ... so it is an overall great deal . Fortunately , I have n't had an opportunity to test its impact resistance , but it is DOT approved so I would say that is a good sign .
 hello , Bosch pump works perfectly on my 2001 v6 mustang , although at first I saw was not exactly like the original and perhaps would not work after the installation I was told that it has different features have been improved from the original ; -RRB-
 i oreded this item and it was shipped out the same day and shipped over 400 miles and got to me the next day . never happened before im gon na buy from them every chance i can .
 I landed this helmet in an XXL from Jafrum and could n't be happier . Padding is well made and not the cheap crumbly foam found in older helmets.Chin strap has an elastic guard to catch the overflow of the strap , preventing a chin beating at high speeds . The look matches the finish on my black Piaggio LT150 scooter . Love this helmet ! Price is right and DOT certified - ca n't lose !
 This helmet is comfortable and seems to be very well made . It is also priced pretty low ... so it is an overall great deal . Fortunately , I have n't had an opportunity to test its impact resistance , but it is DOT approved so I would say that is a good sign .
 Good for making it slide and you can spray on a paper towel.Then rub on the key and get enough to lube a lock without getting the Black Graphite on your Fingers for sure . Makin em slide with ease in Texas.Slick Ron in Texas on January 22 , 2013
 Not much to note here . A very economical container of powdered graphite . Perfect volume of material for the DIY projects around the house .
 I bought this to lube a Marlin model sixty . It works OK but use it sparingly . Of course for it 's intended purpose which is lubing lock sets it is wonderful stuff .
 To start , I have a Honda 599 -LRB- CB600F -RRB- . The original equipment brakes were very capable to begin with as the bike is still a sport bike . Though since it is a naked/street fighter , I thought the brakes would 've been a step below the super sports as with some other components . After about 18,000 miles on the OE brakes , it was time to replace them . I bought these EBCs as a friend -- who tracks and daily drives his Corvette with EBCs -- highly recommended the brand . Based on my interpretation of their site , it seemed that these are the most performance oriented street application pad they make.I have about 600 miles on them and I can say they scrub speed just as well as the OE brakes , but not better . With mildly aggressive street riding , fade seems non-existent , although I have yet to make back-to-back high speed stops to really test them . They do n't quite grab or bite the disc initially as much as the OE brakes and are very linear . This could be a plus or minus depending on your preference . I grew accustomed to the quick bite , but I 'm sure I will get acclimated to this eventually . I 'm not sure how the longevity will work out as they are too new to tell.All in all , for the price and quality , I would definitely recommend these pads and easily buy them again -- provided they last .
 I knew these were a brand name product for a very very reasonable price . What I did n't know until they arrived was they even had the tabs for the rear window defogger . I had failed to check for this when I ordered the product and assumed that the price was so reasonable they probably would n't have the tabs.I was pleasantly surprised and the installation was a breeze .
 I ordered these for my 1985 Corvette . They fit perfectly . Here 's how I replaced them - First , I opened the hatch and used an adjustable strap that I use to transport my kayak to hold it open . I wound the strap around a rafter in the garage , looped it through the Corvette rear hatch closure latch , and adjusted it so that the hatch was open to its maximum height . You DO N'T want the hatch to fall as you 're doing the strut replacement . It is heavy , could break the glass and/or your head ! Next , if you have rear window defroster wires , use a needle nose plier to carefully remove the wire plugs from the old strut . Then I used a needle nose plier with a 45 degree curved end -LRB- cheap from Sears -RRB- to remove the strut from the hatch itself . I put the plier into the small space inside the top of the strut , compressed the little bushing inside , and the strut came off pretty easily . I was then able to easily twist the strut off the bottom mount in the car after the top of the strut was off . The new strut just popped into place.I guess the procedure is easier on the newer Corvettes because they have a clip that you loosen to remove the old strut , but the 1985 -LRB- at least mine -RRB- did not have that.The new struts pop the hatch right up like a new car . It 's a 20 minute job and well worth the effort !
 Good service , product arrived in time . Product as described . Had no trouble installing . I would order again from this vendor .
 I needed to replace my muffler on my 1998 Dodge Ram 1500 because the stock catalytic converter was clogged . I installed a high flow Magnaflow catalytic converter which is much louder than stock , so I assumed this muffler might have a little bit of a rumble to it based on other reviews . Do n't believe it ; it is quieter now than with the stock system . The fit of the muffler however is perfect . So if you are looking for a stock replacement at a good price with a quiet sound , this is a good choice . I installed it without needing to jack up the truck in about 25 minutes , you will need to purchase -LRB- 2 -RRB- 21/2 '' muffler clamps unless you can re-use your old ones.I just wish somebody would make a muffler that was a direct replacement but with a bit of a rumble to it.Oh , and do n't forget a new muffler will often blow smoke out of the pipes for a day or two until all the oils burn off and the moisture in the packing is turned to steam . This is normal and no cause for concern .
 I rebuilt thr front end on my 66 Corvette this past winter and replaced the front wheel beringa and seal . I wanted Timken brand because of their reputation . Amazon had the best price available ; betterthen all the aoto suppliers .
 Bike runs great , old plugs were still in great shap , but changed any way . the lod plugs should have shown some wear but they still looked goos .
 TSB suggestion for my engine was to use a metal head gasket and not the original graphite due to gasket leak failures but once you use the metal head gasket , you could n't use the original head bolts . Rather than buying the OEM , I opted for Head Studs since they provide a better seal . Works perfect on the D16A6 .
 This is an excellent collection of stickers - perfect for sticking to things . Quality is good , some have clear background . If you want to give something a sponsored look , stick some of these to it . Moto-laptop ? Racing chair ? It 's all good .
 Stickers held up on my Motorcycle through 13,000 mile trip from Alaska to Carolina and back . No peeling , No fading . They are pricey , but worth every penny . Made my Kawi 250SF look great , and generated a good deal of interest from the locals as we made our way through small towns across Canada and the USA -LRB- and back -RRB- . Also when you need to remove them -LRB- I had to buy this second set to replace a couple I damaged when I laid the bike down near the Grand Canyon -RRB- , the remants do NOT leave any residue behind - a real pleasure to replace and work with . YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED .
 My son loved them & there were more of them than expected & a variety of sizes , Great value for the price .
 Items arrived fast and as listed . all the stickers were clean and good looking . Only small thing was that some stickers were not cut out fully , but it just required a little trimming with a pair of scissors . Very happy with this seller A + - Frank Casanova
 I love these decals . I put them on my bmx bike and used all of them . Great product . Worth it .
 Arrived two days after I placed my order ! With standard shipping ! WOW ! right . The stickers are perfect for anything from dirtbike helmets to fork guards . They add a nice look to anything and are a great scrtach cover upper ! They are cheap and to the point the only down fall is that I didnt order TWO !
 I purchased this for my wife 's 56 Nomad as I 'm installing a Tuned Port Injected 305 and the factory wiring harness and computer I had was in pretty bad shape . I did quite a bit of research before purchasing , and found it difficult to get much technical information from the manufacturer . I downloaded the manual and it was strictly limited to installation instructions . When I called their `` tech '' line a couple times asking some common questions such as requirements for VSS , EGR , park/neutral circuits I was told I would have to talk to one of their engineers . I tried a couple times to reach one but they were never in and I eventually gave up . Their `` tech '' assured me they have sold a lot of these and they work fine regardless . Fortunately I know more than most about fuel injection systems and took a leap of faith as mostly they have a good reputation for quality products . The simplicity of this will actually work well for this project as I have limited room for the electronics and wiring that the factory harness would have required . What they dont tell you is this is a Delphi Marine computer and wiring plan that eliminates the cold start injector , vehicle speed sensor , park/neutral , fan control , and EGR . Also , you cant use your OBDI or II scanner and will have to settle for the Check Engine Light flashing codes for diagnostics or spend the $ 125 for their laptop software and cable . While I 'm not yet finished with the install , I can see from what I have so far this will be fine for me . Just be aware of the limitations if you are putting in any car that will need to pass smog tests with all factory emissions controls .
 I landed this helmet in an XXL from Jafrum and could n't be happier . Padding is well made and not the cheap crumbly foam found in older helmets.Chin strap has an elastic guard to catch the overflow of the strap , preventing a chin beating at high speeds . The look matches the finish on my black Piaggio LT150 scooter . Love this helmet ! Price is right and DOT certified - ca n't lose !
 This helmet is comfortable and seems to be very well made . It is also priced pretty low ... so it is an overall great deal . Fortunately , I have n't had an opportunity to test its impact resistance , but it is DOT approved so I would say that is a good sign .
 Bought these to replace factory pads during routine maintenance . A great upgrade ! Improved braking greatly . I routinely tow two full-size Polaris ATVs -LRB- 900lbs + each -RRB- and a two place trailer . Really helps reduce stopping distance and makes me feel safer towing all that weight .
 That worked really well and was surprisingly easy job . Took me and my friend about 2.5 hrs to do 20valves on my Audi . Hi quality tool . It could have used some spacers for mounting to partially threaded studs .
 I purchased the Kipor IG1000 -LRB- originally marketed as Kipor KGE1000Ti , my model -RRB- in April 2006 . Since that time , I have used this generator to power a 25 Amp battery charger to recharge the batteries on my travel trailer while camping -LRB- 9 weeks out of year -RRB- . When not powering the battery charger on trips , have used the generator to power a hair dryer -LRB- medium speed , medium heat -RRB- in the trailer using an extension cord . Remember ,900 watts -LRB- constant current -RRB- ca n't do everything , but it can do a number of things well if you are careful.During this four years , I have operated the generator from sea level -LRB- San Diego & Santa Barbara , CA # to the Unita Mountains of Utah , # 10,300 ft - Moosehorn Campground , two weeks # . The manual suggests that the carburetor jets be changed for high altitude operation #above 5000 ft ? # but since I travel from mountains to ocean and back , did n't think this would make sense for me . And have found out that yes , the generator operates more smoothly at sea level than at 10,300 ft , but it is still quite capable to provide adequate power with the original carb jets during those two extremes in elevation.The only thing I could want for this unit is more power , but Kipor makes other larger units for that need . I have never had a problem with starting the unit after my last use in the late fall #be sure to drain carb bowl with the drain screw on the botton # to first start up in spring #more pulls on the starter rope since it has to prime the carb bowl # . During use , maybe three pulls to start and I appreciate the smart throttle that lowers the RPMs #and noise # when the battery charger starts to cut back the charge to the trailer batteries when approaching full charge . Oil usage has never been a concern during my four years of ownership , the only time I add oil is when I change it at the first of the year.Maybe not Honda/Yamaha quality and maybe noisier # ? -RRB- but quite a bit cheaper . My unit has not had any problems in four years and very happy that I bought it instead of the Honda/Yamaha .
 THIS REVIEW WAS first written Dec 22 , 2006 , I still have my KIPOR running as of March 2009 , and thought I would UPDATE my review.As of March 1 , 2009 , I have now had my KIPOR almost 3 years of heavy duty use . I run my office off of it , as well as the comforts of home , fan and lights etc. . I live in the tropics with frequent power outages.My KIPOR has always started on one pull and run like heaven on earth . I 've changed the oil myself and cleaned the air filter . Matter of fact , I took it all apart per the manual , when I bought it new , so I could look at everything while it was clean and new . I am a lone female and do n't have a hubby around to do these things for me.For years it ran great , I left my housemate alone with it one day , and came back to find out she had been running the IRON , the microwave and the sewing machine on it , stuff I had never tried . I was surprised it would run an iron ! Since then we have run the blender , mixer , food chopper , toaster , juicer on it as well as my entire office plus lights and fans . I just LOVE my 1kw KIPOR.One day , it died ! I was mortified . It was going to be very pricey to ship it round trip to America to be fixed , so I took it to a local mechanic , after I bought the Service Manual online -LRB- Paid to download the service manual -RRB- . I also printed out the parts available and gave him the generator , the owners manual , the service manual and the parts listing plus a spare new spark plug . Well 2 months go by and I find out this guy is clueless and I had to fight with him to get my generator back -LRB- still broken -RRB- . He wanted to charge me for his time but it still was n't working ! I was heart broken.Then I called another mechanic , who had rebuilt alternators and starters and did alot of marine work . He was backed up but said he was sure he could get me running again . He called a few days later and said he felt really bad , -LRB- UT OH ! -RRB- but that he had to charge me to fix it , and all he found was a clogged hose , which he replaced but he felt bad he had to charge me $ 75 for his labor and hose . I was THRILLED to get my baby back . I know he has to charge for his time and things are n't cheap around here.I took my KIPOR home and an hour later , the power goes off again . We have frequent power outages in the British Virgin Islands where I live -LRB- about 60 miles east of Puerto Rico -RRB- . My KIPOR fired up on ONE PULL and I plugged in my entire office and went back to work . Later that night , when the power went off , I felt bad for my neighbors . I now live in a house , in the review I wrote in 2006 I lived in an apartment building.Anyhow , I am sitting here with my light on , my stand fan cooling me off , watching old episodes of SIX FEET UNDER on the DVD , while surfing the Internet . I look out around the neighborhood , and feel sorry for my neighbors plunged into darkness.I added up my KIPOR cost , shipping , the local duty paid , and the recent repair bill and for the time I 've owned it , that comes to $ 19 per month for emergency power . This cost will go down , the longer I own it . Now that I know there is a local mechanic who can fix it , I feel extremely pleased!America has so many authorized dealers , the folks here that complained they had trouble , should have tried to get it fixed . I used a mechanic , who is n't even a dealer , and he got it fixed for me!I recomend if you buy it , to also get the 2.5 gallon gas jug , the 5 gallon is too cumbersome to try to fill the little built-in gas tank . Also , refill your tank during daylight , as it 's no fun in the dark with a flashlight to refill the gas tank . When buying gas in the 2.5 gallon , I only put 2 gallons in , so it does n't overflow and stink up my jeep . You must fill the gas can on the ground , not in the jeep for safety reasons , having to do with static etc. . If you need lots of gas , then buy two of the 2.5 gallon jugs.Also , I bought a hevy duty 100 foot cord , and then I plug in a six way electrical strip and then plug in all my stuff . Now that I live in a house , I may buy a 2nd cord , since the Kipor comes with two outlets . I could then run a cord to a different part of the house . I have used it to recharge batteries for the jeep and a friends ' boat too.Below is my original Review from Dec 2006 : WRITTEN December 22 , 2006I live in the British Virgin Islands where we have frequent outages . I use my generator often . It is GREAT . It 's not very loud , I have it on my balcony in the fresh air and I am inside with the door open and playing a movie on the TV and I can hear the movie OK.Even though I live in an apartment house , my neighbors have never complained about the noise . I tell them to come over , enjoy some light , fan and movies while the power is out and my KIPOR is purring.Other people are begging me to sell them my generator , and I have to keep it locked up so it does n't grow legs and walk off . I keep telling folks to BUY A KIPOR . I will never sell mine , it 's nice and lightweight and runs my office , TV , lights and fans , all the stuff I want when the power is out.The manual is straight forward , READ IT . I took mine apart before starting it , to identify all the maintenance parts , like the air filter and so on.It 's cheap on gas and quiet and VERY LIGHT WEIGHT ! It starts on one good pull . This is a great product , good value for the money !
 I am and electrical engineer who researced portable generators for months before deciding which one to buy including the popular ones like Honda and Yamaha . This Kipor is a high quality unit , not like the cheap no-name brands that you see on eBay for $ 200 . This generator gives no problems
 This is a very good little generator for the price . It runs very smoothly if you give it good gasoline . I 've found that adding a little STP gas booster makes it run really great . I recommend this for any generator . I also use Mobile 1 synthetic oil -LRB- 5-40w -RRB- which you can get at Wal-Mart in 5 quart jugs . It is truck/SUV rated oil and will keep your generator running smoothly a long , long time . Great on gas under low load . If running near full load in cold weather you 'll need to leave the choke on for awhile with the smart throttle off .
 I bought the Kipor IG 1000 as backup for a larger generator , and to have a little bit of power from as little gasoline as possible in case of a long outage . In addition , I wanted a small amount of power for weekly use in an outbuilding . Key features for me were -LRB- 1 -RRB- Very low light load fuel consumption , -LRB- 2 -RRB- reliable , -LRB- 3 -RRB- low price , -LRB- 4 -RRB- quiet , and , -LRB- 5 -RRB- light weight.I ordered from Amazon using their free ` super saver ' shipping which promised 5 to 9 working day delivery . The generator was shipped on Sunday after my Friday night order and arrived Wednesday AM -- EXCELLENT service by Amazon and FedEx.Amazon 's outer box was not well packed or padded but the generator was secured by foam pads in the very sturdy Kipor box inside ; it arrived undamaged . The generator comes with an oil fill bottle , spare spark plug and plug sleeve -LRB- seal -RRB- , 12 volt battery charging cable , and spark plug wrench . Also of course an `` Operation manual of generator set . '' Everything on the packing list was there and in good order . I was surprised to see that my unit was manufactured in February , 2007 . My first impression was of a sturdy , well made unit , from people who have built a whole bunch of small generators . ` Wuxi Kipor Power Co. , Ltd ' is the maker . There 's an oriental ` feel ' to the thing and it 's important to read the manual before first starting , because several features are unlike the usual ` oil-gas-pull the cord ' first start up of most U.S. made products.The manual does not contain a complete all-in-one-place list of starting instructions -- a small black mark . Things you might miss are :1 . Multi-grade -LRB- like 10W-40 -RRB- detergent oils should be used .2 . To fill the unit with oil the first time , you fill the supplied measuring oil bottle all the way to the ' 2 ' -LRB- 200 mL ? -RRB- mark . The manual does n't tell you this .3 . Vent on fuel tank cap must be ` ON ' to run .4 . Unit should be started with no electrical load .5 . After first fueling , the unit should be allowed to stand for a few minutes , I assume to allow fuel to fill the plumbing .6 . During a break-in period of 20 hours , half load should not be exceeded.Other non-obvious instructions include :1 . Both DC -LRB- battery charging -RRB- and AC outputs may be used at the same time but the 1 kVA output limit is TOTAL .2 . When using the DC output , ` smart throttle ' should be OFF .3 . The unit should be run every month for at least an hour at half load .4 . The IG 1000 is not to be run in the rain , etc. . Since it also ca n't be used indoors , it 's effectively limited to either fair weather or operation in some kind of unmanned shelter .5 . The generator should not be run at the maximum load of 1 kVA for over 30 minutes at a time . For continuous use , load should be limited to the rated power of 0.9 kVA.There are also all the usual safety and other considerations
 This year will be the 3rd football season to use this at the tailgate . It is great for powering our tv , dish receiver , and stereo . We even plug in a crockpot every once a while . We replaced a Coleman powermate and the noise difference is night and day . We can usually make it about 6 hours on a tank of gas , so it is very efficient .
 I just bought one of these second hand on ebay . It came with a fouled spark plug and it also had stale fuel varnish deposits in the carb , which had caused the throttle plate to become stuck and blocked the main jet so it would n't start . Well , after a little TLC , replacing the spark plug and carburetor cleaner , I was able to start it up , adjust the idle and mixture . It ran rough for the first hour or so , now it runs smoothly and clean . Any generator will have these problems if people forget to start them once a month or so , or if they forget to store them properly . Considering that it was so neglected and poorly maintained , and the fact that it still runs well is a testament to the quality of this product . Feels well built , runs as quiet as advertised and is fuel efficient . another thing
 First part -LRB- Kipor IG1000 tested -RRB- I am a retired electrical engineer and I bought this KIPOR IG1000 , for my wind generator grid-tie system with an Aurora inverter included , and I needed a small power plant to simulate the grid frequency and voltage when the grid is off to start again the Power One inverter , as it shuts down the whole system when the grid is off , to protect the utility company workers during that power outage.I have already tested my Kipor without the wind turbine generator connected , and its frequency -LRB- 59.7 to 59.9 hz -RRB- and voltage is perfect so I hope today , I will test the whole system ; in my system there is a transfer switch for the grid on and off.Another thing is that I live in a place 2,580 meters -LRB- 8432 feets -RRB- high , and in spite Kipor people had told me what to do -LRB- they have good service on line -RRB- , we just adjusted the iddle-speed to reduce emissions and everything worked ok ; I use premium gasoline too . Just as with the wind generator I can not expect more than 75 % in power because of this altitude so my Kipor was tested with 750watts and worked as said quite good!Second part -LRB- Kipor tested with the Aurora inverter -RRB- Finally after I made some improvement in my electrical circuits regarding ground or earth , I tested the Aurora inverter and it really entered quite good , the only thing is that the ideal solution is to have a Kipor with enough power , so much as the maximum power of the wind generator ; this is affordable because of the good price of Kipor products .
 Although it lacks the Amperage to power heavy duty items like circular saws , it easily powers my speaker system , 2 CD decks and a mixer , as well as a blender - perfect for a Sunday afternoon DJ party with frozen drinks ! While I 've only been using it for a little over a month , I can definitely say that it uses very little fuel , just as the manufacturer claims
 Initially these pads stop quickly with minimum pedal/lever pressure . I am very impressed . Have not had them long enough to see how they last compared to OEM 's or others .
 Handles look great . But there is a lot of work to reuse all the old internal hardware to get the handles on the truck . It would have been nice to have included a gasket to help seal out moisture , but they do fit tight except I had one handle that I could not get to sit perfectly flush -- may have been door panel issue . You may want to create your own gasket with a liquid gasket product , but I figure if water does get in it will drain thru to the drain holes on bottom of the door . Also the door handle do have a little loose play in them . However , I have not heard or noticed any rattling while driving with them.Overall , they are a big upgrade in look over the dull faded black plastic handles . Also , I notice the door handles open easily with less force which is nice . Since these are solid aluminium with chrome they feel and look better then those cheap ABS covers out there . Make sure to get the matching tailgate handle as well .
 While installing the new Timing gear and chain it was a little bit nerve racking , because , the old gear had a end play spacer behind it and there was no room for it on the new gear . When it started and nothing went wrong I was really relieved . I also installed a new cam and was a little disappointed in the lack of performance on the test drive and subsequent drives , so I took the stock advance from 8 * to roughly 22 * and now I be very pleased with he performance of the truck . I also have HHO and water injection running on the truck so no pinging or any of the other drawbacks caused by advance timing have been noticed .
 This fit perfectly . I do n't know why they have the first picture though . I added a second picture of what the item actually looks like . It should be a little more up close to see the details too . These cost quite a bit at the store . This was a great price on here . I bought from the seller who was the cheapest -LRB- they stated the box was rough -RRB- . Which it was , but the item was in perfect condition . It was for me , and I am just throwing away the box anyways . It fit perfect on my truck , and looks great ! There was no modification or drilling required . It was an easy installation over the existing third brake light using original holes . Simply remove screws holding the lens on , add a small amount of silicone in the existing holes to seal out moisture , put your new cover on the old lens , then secure with the original screws . It looks great at night when it is lit up ! Love it !
 Product arrived promptly and as advertized . Carrying case is a better than a box . Have not used yet -LRB- meant for emergencies -RRB- but appears excellent and well made .
 I purchased these cables for a 2009 Honda CRV with 17 inch wheels . They seemed slightly more difficult to put on than a good set of chains , but the small difficulty I had might simply be my unfamiliarity with the product as compared to a long history with chains . On the other hand , these cables handle a little better than chains do on dry road surfaces when the authorities make you use them on mountain roads which have only occasional patches of snow .
 Found these chains at a retail tire store and they were too expensive . Bought two sets for both my vehicles here at amazon . They come is a very nice small canvas case and fit neatly in the trunk . Used once and they were very easy to install and remove .
 I got a snow chain for 2 years and I never installed it till one day we went to play snow and I could not put it on for two hours . We ended up sad and headed home . After I got this snow chain , I learn my lesson . I put it on and see if it fit my car . . super easy and fit no problem . . I now would recommand to spend extra money with this kind of snow chain . .
 These are pretty hard to put on . The instructions say to put these on from the bottom up . That is just impossible , maybe because my tires a wide Toyo 's . You need to drape over the top and then connect at the bottom , unlike what the instuctions tell you . The chains are very tight , but the size is right . I have not driven in the snow with them , but I am confident that they will be great . I just hope the bungee tightener in the middle does not snap because it is stretched to the max .
 No complaints . product arrived on time with no defects or missing parts . will order again . Thats all I have . For now
 Very good product - extremely useful during last winter on the East Coast . Would recommend to anyone .
 Got my lightweight truck without any weight in the back out of a very muddy situation with little bother !
 These chains fit well over my low-profile , limited clearance wheels.My only complaint is the instructions . I tried it on at home and there is a `` then a miracle occurs '' step where they tell you to sweep the chains but do n't say which way is out . It took me a couple times to figure out that the split part of the chains is on the outside of the wheel -LRB- they could have labelled it -RRB- . I did the installation on pavement , so following the instrucitons on snow might require lying down on your belly to get the chains behind the wheel.Try the installation before you need the chains , but that 's always good advice .
 I had ordered a set of SZ127s for my 205/50R17 tires , three years ago . I never used them , and only recently decided to practice an installation in my garage . I discovered that they were too small for my tires , although at the time I purchased them , the SZ127s were listed as being the correct size chains for my tires . I informed SCC customer service about this . They promptly replaced these three-year-old , unused chains with the proper size -LRB- SZ131 -RRB- . They now recommend SZ131s for this size tire.The bottom line is that you should do a practice installation of your chains , soon after you buy them . Sometimes there is variation between manufacturers , even for the same tire size . If there is a problem , the retailer will normally exchange them within a reasonable time period . I was pleased that SCC replaced these , even after three years.As far as the chains themselves go , I found them easy to install , and they appear to be good quality . I have not yet driven on them , so can not rate them on their effectiveness . I give them four stars , but this is only based on my installation and satisfaction with the resolution of my issue .
 We live on a mountain , and even snow tires and AWD sometimes are n't enough . We have traditional chains on other vehicles now and in the past , which work great . I decided to try these since they are lighter and can be installed without moving the vehicle . We use them on a 2006 Toyota Sienna.They take about the same time to install as regular chains and about the same time to take off . Although you can install them without moving the vehicle , 90 % of the time you 'll have to move the vehicle after you un-hook them to take them off . The wheels wo n't typically stop in the right place . That is n't a huge deal though.We do n't use them heavily , and never on hard pavement - our roads are dirt/gravel . One other note - the rubber retainer is somewhat difficult to stretch and attach to the chains . This might be a little difficult for someone who does n't have a decent amount of arm strength , but not impossible .
 I had my F150 , w/plow , partially backed off my driveway with the right rear in about two feet of snow below driveway level . I had not put on my new Super Z6 chains as they were still in the bag . It was cold ! The left front wheel was still on the driveway and was the frontspinning wheel as I was in 4wheel low . I had the chain on in about ten minutes -LRB- I 'm 75 so do n't move fast ! -RRB- , moved a couple chunks of snow and eased on out.I had similar chains on a Ford Ranger w/Fisher Homesteader plow so knew I had the best choice for my F150.Lessen learned , put the chains on first !
 Received my Super Z6 Cables in record time . They fit great and were easy to install and remove . Used them in Mammoth , but there was not much snow/ice on the road . Seemed to work well were we had some . I do think that it needs to have a second set of tensioners -LRB- the rubberband -RRB- as the original set seemed to relax a little after a couple days .
 Once you 've used these type of split-cable traction chains , you 'll never use the traditional ones again . With traditional chains , you have to lay them out , move the vehicle , then fasten . The split front cable allows you to park the vehicle , whip the chains under and around the tire , fasten , then be on your way.The one downside to this , is that if there is heavy snow accumulation on the roadway , `` whipping '' the chains under and around the tire is n't the easiest , but typically , the tracks in the snow that you 've just made by getting to the install site , are sufficient enough to provide a flat surface.We 've used these type of chains for years now and have always been very happy with the performance . Keep in mind that our use has never been off-road . We are avid snowboarders and have used these traction cables on freeways/highways/roads traveling to and from ski areas - - - in other words , we 've used them only on snow covered paved roads .
 These cable chains offer maximum clearance between the cables and the car body . They are easier to install than others I 've used because you do n't have to drive over them . I would have given them 5 stars but there is still the same old hassle of getting enough slack in the chains to fasten that last connector .
 These chains were easy to install and take off . I did n't need to lie on my back to put them on or take them off . I was timed at 5 and 7 minutes , respectively , for putting them on and removing them .
 I have yet to use these in the snow , but I did a test fit on my 265/65/17 tires and they fit great . Out of all the chains I have had in the past these are the easiest chains to install . The locking clasp system is literally a snap to use .
 These things worked great . Just used them for a short stay in Taos Ski Valley New Mexico . They were very easy to get on and off . Need a descent pair of gloves in the bag though . The ones included were just not up to the task . I did not even expect any to be there but it is a good idea to have some leather gloves thrown in there since it will be cold when you need to put these on . Again , the product worked great . Good traction and went on and off quickly .
 I purchased these snow cables for my new 2009 Lexus RX350 SUV with front wheel drive just in time for snow storm that hit southern california one week before christmas holiday . I had chance to use these snow cables in the Frazier Park , CA where we had more than 4 inches of fresh snow that week . The cables were very easy to install -LRB- took no more than 3 minutes for each wheel -RRB- . With this product , you do n't need to pay $ 40 to professional snow chain installers . It is so easy . Once you install it -LRB- without having to move your car -RRB- , you do n't need to adjust it . Traction on ice and snow was excellent too . I highly recommend this product to anyone . Especially to those who had hard time installing snow chains in the past .
 I have these chains for two vehicles now and love how easy they are to mount/dismount . So much easier than chains which require you to move the vehicle mid-way through assembly . Grip is awesome when everyone else is sliding around.My * only * gripe is that if you do n't rinse them off , dry them and spray some sort of lubricant on them , they 'll rust . So out of 3 pairs , I have one that is rusted up -LRB- still usable -RRB- because I put 'em away wet and forgot about them . BTW , there are some nice ` dry ' lubricants made for bicycles and motorcycles that are n't as messy as WD40 or other lubricants which stay wet for a while . Since you store chains in your car , the smell of certain lubricants is another thing to watch for .
 Just got back from Tahoe and we had to chain up twice . These chains are far superior to traditional cable chains . I spent less than 5 minutes per wheel and we were ready to go -LRB- no extra tightening needed -RRB- . The hardest part is actually getting the chains underneath the car.Note that you might need to connect the fasteners in a different order than the instructions say . On my Civic , I connect the top inside fastener first , then the two outside fasteners . This makes it far easier to reach . Also , make sure the pieces that say `` tire side '' are actually facing the tire , otherwise the connectors wo n't reach . Definitely do a dry run of putting the chains on before you 're in snow . It will be much easier when you actually need to get the chains on.Removal is a little harder , especially if the inside connector ends up in a place that 's hard to reach . Still , it 's not bad , and unlike traditional cable chains , my hands were n't all cut up when I was done . These also come with a nice storage bag and take up very little space in your trunk.I highly recommend these chains , especially if you have a low-clearance car.UPDATE : After four years of use , the chains are a bit rusty and the nut on one cable has managed to slide down , compressing the springs . This may have resulted from user error , as we noticed the chain thunking one time and it turned out to be twisted.I believe it 's time for a new set , but I will buy the exact same model because they have worked so well . Another plus , even though I traded the stock 16 '' wheels on my 2008 Civic for 17s , the same chain model still fits .
 These really work great . I purchased a set for my Nissan pickup last year . The first time I used them was this November 2006 when we had a big snowstorm hit Oklahoma . They were very easy to put on ; in fact I put on both chains in around five minutes . They work great on deep snow and hard packed snow and ice . I am a retired police officer and was skeptical on how well the Super Z chain would perform . As long as the Super Z tire chain is made I will own a set of them . A great product ! Mark Hatfield - Enid Oklahoma .
 I live in Seattle and I have a little Mazda wagon with only summer tires on it.This pair of SCC Super Z6 works perfect on my car under the snow storm last night here in Seattle . -LRB- 11-22-2010 -RRB- I was able to drive uphill without any lost of control to get home last night while other cars without proper snow tires or chains are stuck at the bottom of the hill including 4x4 pickups and SUVs.These Z shaped chains with split mid section are much easier to install than those older style ladder configuration chains cause you do n't have to move your vehicle to install them.You do n't even need tools to install them , although it would be even significantly easier if you have some kind of stick to hook the chains from under the car to the other side of the wheels when you warp the mid-section around the tires on the ground . I would get a cheapo 2 dollars bamboo/wooden back-scratcher just for that matter.Also , it would be easier to install them while wearing some kind of gloves.The Super Z6 does come with a pair of clear plastic gloves for you but I think they are better used for marinating your baby-back-rips with BBQ sauce than installing metal chains under severe weather condition.Do yourself a favor , go order a pair of Mechanix Gloves Winter/Cold waterproof version -LRB- also available here at Amazon.com -RRB- when you order the the chains and the installation will be even easier.If you still thinking about weather to get this or not , just think of those poor folks who had to walk home abandoning their vehicles at the bottom of the hills because they did n't prepare for the storm and then the next day , adding insult to injury , have their vehicles towed and cost them hundreds of dollars to retrieve them . Then you would know how much trouble and money you can save by getting yourself prepared .
 I used these cable chains on a trip to Washington State in December , 06 . They were easy to put on the tires and easy to remove . They rolled up in the original carrying case after use and are awaiting future use.I like them.Dennis Orr
 Very easy tomput on/take off . Took me &#60; 10 min first time i used them . Made a big differente on snowy roads once on . Get pretty loud after 30mph as expected with any chains .
 These cables were easy to put on and take off and the traction was great . Not cheap but did n't want to take a chance on anything cheaper . These are the ones recommended by Acura .
 These chains fit great , go on quick . I almost did n't buy them because of the price -LRB- my 4 wheel drive needs 2 sets -RRB- , but am so glad I did ! If you 've ever struggled to put on chains at night on a freezing roadside , you 'll see - they 're worth the price !
 It is expensive , but the quality is outstanding . If you are installing it in a snowy night , you will certainty appreciate the ease-of-installation more .
 Just received it and practiced in the garage . it took me 10 min and quite easy to put on . it is hard to pull up the yellow tensioner , it alone costed me 5 min out of 10 . but once it is on , i was afraid of it not been tightened up enough . Take it off takes me 30 seconds . have not tried it on the snow yet .
 I made a trip along the Pacific coast this past weekend and knew that I would have to drive through some mountain passes to get to my destination . The forecast was predicting rain through the mountains during my travels , but I decided to take a `` better safe than sorry '' approach and purchased these chains before departure just in case . This purchase was one of the smartest things I have ever done . The temperature dropped just enough that I ended up getting caught in the mountains during a bad winter storm with 3-5 feet of snow accumulation . All in all , I had install the chains 4 different times and drive over 200 miles total with them on my tires to make it to my destination -LRB- 12 hour trip turned into 28 hours on the road -RRB- . These may cost a bit more than standard chains , but the few extra dollars are well worth it . The ease of putting them on and taking them off is a tremendous benefit . In terms of putting them on , you 'll be saving $ 30 - $ 40 each time you install these yourself as opposed to paying the chain crews on the side of the highway to install them . Also , when you are getting pounded by wind , snow , and cold , every minute spent outside is valuable and you will truly come to appreciate the fact that these only take a few minutes to install as opposed to standard chains . Do n't discount taking the chains off either . The second time I stopped to take these off -LRB- which takes 3 minutes -RRB- , a young woman who was stopped in front of me came and asked for help removing her chains -LRB- which she had paid to have put on -RRB- . It took me over a half hour to remove her chains and I was amazed at how much more difficult the process was . She ended up giving me $ 100 for the help , which shows how much trouble she would have been just trying to take other chains off of her car -LRB- I 'm almost certain she would not have gotten them off herself -RRB- . In terms of performance , they took me over some very nasty terrain with very little slippage that I would not have made it through were it not for the chains . The fact that I was able to drive 200 miles through ice , packed snow , a foot of loose snow , etc. with zero problems shows their durability as well . They also do fine on dry pavement as long as you are going under 30 mph.All in all , these chains are some of the best $ 85 I have ever spent . My trip was truly the trip from hell , but would have been 100x worse if it were not for these chains . I would honestly either a -RRB- still be traveling right now or b -RRB- my car would be in a ditch somewhere . If you 're traveling through terrain that may be questionable -LRB- expect the worst in the winter -RRB- , buy these and save them for when you need them ; you 'll be thankful you did.In terms of practical advice
 Was able to make sure with . pdf that I was buying the correct cables for my tire size , Prompt delivery allowed for double check installation & they went on pretty easy & now I am ready for the snow & I guess the ice too .
 for goodness sake , try putting on the cables on dry ground BEFORE you need them . You really need to see for yourself what gives . Do n't wait until you are kneeling on a snowy roadside with cars whizzing by and your fingers freezing cold to try to put them on for the first time .
 Plan on eating your Wheaties and having a nice dry , warm area to work . The cables are very substantial as are the connectors . They do not have much slack . Once on after 90 minutes of stuggling , taking them off was easy . Practice a week later was also much easier as the cables were streatched and molded to the tires . Getting the outside the wheel cable connectors was expecially difficult because they must be put in the slot at a 90 degree angle , they can then be turned to 180 -LRB- straight -RRB- . If just left partially in the slot , it very difficult to get it disconneded as the two parts get stuck together . More tools , such a pliers to add more leverage are need to disengage . Compared to chains , these cables win hands down -LRB- and less bloody -RRB- .
 These were super easy to install and offered the traction they advertised . Overall , a real nice value for the price .
 I have only had to use these once on ice , but the product did as advertised . I have not yet used them in deep snow so I am unable to comment on any improvements in traction there . This system is very easy to install and remove and with a little practice I had them on in under six minutes and off into the storage bag in about 8 minutes . It is a good product to have here in the Northeast.Addendum
 Great product and easy to install . Never needed on my past Volvo XC70 awd station wagons . However on my present 2007 FWD V70 , it is a must have item to get out of my driveway . Unfortunately , this came incomplete and had to be returned . Amazon replaced used item with new one and it got here just in time for the blizzard we are in now . GREAT service from Amazon saved the day .
 Made the drive from Cali to Seattle so had to have chains through some of the passes . I spent a long time trying to figure out if you need two sets for all four tires cable or chains etc. . So finally I just checked the owners manual and Honda had a specific brand for the Pilot . Turns out there is more to consider besides wheel size inside clearance matters too . Anyway did n't use them but practiced as suggested in my warm garage and they were super easy to put on . Unlike old school chains you dont have to drive on them and then retighten down the road . These go on while parked and have a tensioner that makes them fit perfectly . Highly recommend .
 I bought these chains for my GMC Acadia . As far as cable chains go , they are undoubtedly the best-built chains I have ever used . The installation kit is complete ; it even includes gloves to protect your hands ! The coatings over the side cables , the quality of the clips and straps , and even the inclusion of a tensioner demonstrate that the manufacturer thought about the entire user experience with this product . Finally , as the Acadia has remarkably little clearance for chains on the front wheels , I was concerned about their fit . However , once I installed them I had no fit or clearance problems whatsoever . They worked beautifully .
 I drove my 08 Saturn Outlook XE to Mammoth Lakes CA last weekend using this chains after a winter storm . It worked great !!!! Easy to put on and take off . Highly recommended !
 These are high quality snow cable chains . User friendly . The best on the market to add to your tires during a snow storm with minimal effort . I lived in CO. and needed them off and on . Now I am in IL . and bought these Z6 model which is a newer and better design then older styles . There good to have on hand for that one big storm that puts other people in the ditches and all you have to do is take 5 minutes to put them on and keep driving . I bought two sets so all four tires will have them in case a mother of all storms hit one day . Better to have them and not use them then not have them and when your sitting in a ditch wish you had . Mine go on a 2005 Toyota Tundra Double Cab 4x4 . You can also use them in the Spring or Summer in case you get stuck in the mud . Be ready or be stuck ...
 We had an artic blast in December here in Portland , Oregon . Apparently the 2008 Highlander Sport has odd size tires as Les Schwab and Tire Factory did not carry chains in my size . I had these overnighted from Amazon . They were pretty easy to install , total time was less than 15 minutes . They did take a good amount of strength to secure , no problem for me , but I have a hard time seeing my wife putting these on . They cut through the 12 + inches of snow we had here with ease . If you have an 08 Highlander Sport these are definitely the chains for you .
 I bought these chains last Christmas and we just had our first Snow-pocalypse of the year . I put the chains on easily and was able to go up and down my hill with incredible traction while my neighbors just walked up and down the hill.The chains also fit very well and sizing guide was perfect .
 This is a life saver when your regular tires wo n't grip the ice or the snow . They 're easy to put on and they come with a nice storage carry bag
 These Cable chains were a nice thing to carry on our recent trip to Wolf Creek Colorado.They are very light and compact to carry in case of incliment weather.Amazon expedited my free shipping order to coincide with our departure .
 The tire cables were excellent . Super easy to put on and take off . Within 5 minutes I was back on the road , going where I needed to be . Would recommend this set to anybody who needs tire cables .
 I never needed to install them on the side of the road in winter , but these are by far the easiest chains I 've ever had to pleasure of installing on a test run in my garage . Very easy and quick installation . You dont need to move the vehicle to install them . I drove down the block and back and they stay very still on the tires , and I will have total confidence in them on the road if I ever need them in snow conditions . I feel very comfortable going to the snow knowing they are in my car .
 I needed these to get to the airport right after 28 inches of snowfall in the mid-Atlantic . I had no problem at all . They were pretty easy to get on once I realized the best way to put them on the tires . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I purchased these Super Z6 , SZ143 Cable Chains for my 2010 Chevy Equinox . I tested the installation prior to heading up to the mountains . All I wanted to say is they are very SIMPLE and EASY to install ! It took less than 10 minutes -LRB- the first tire took about 7 minutes and the second tire took about 2 minutes -RRB- and I 've never used chains like these before . The only thing though is that I did n't need to use them on my particular trip up to the mountains , so I ca n't comment on the function of these yet .
 Purchased these after the first big snow storm -LRB- Dec -RRB- to hit the east coast this year . Had them in time for the next , bigger one . With a 4x4 Truck and 2-pairs of chains , worked perfectly . I went where I wanted , when I wanted . Easy to put on and take off , comes in a nice carrying case . Even has a pair of plastic gloves if you need to install them in a pile of snow .
 item exactly as advertised and arrived in two days . I am very pleased with Amazon and this product . The tire cables were easy to install-only took five minutes or less per tire . These were recommended by a friend who owns a tire shop in Colorado , and I am not disappointed .
 These cable chains involve a bit more work to install ; but , their quality is by far the best I have seen for such . Would buy again if I ever needed to .
 I have n't had the opportunity to try them in snow but these install almost as easily - on dry ground - as the video depicts , so 4 stars for now . Maybe after I 've practiced more - or done it with 6 '' of snow on the ground - I 'll revise my opinion . One thing I did find out is that buying the correct model and size for your tire may be a challenge - I emailed Security Chain because two different size charts disagreed . They emailed back promptly with the correct details , and told me their experience had dictated a change in recommendations for several of the sizes to better fit certain tires . I 'd suggest contacting them before ordering , or you might end up sending them back for a different size . As always , Amazon was very prompt in ordering and shipping .
 These are real nice chains . They are easy to put on but the instructions in the bag are lacking so BE SURE to try putting them on once before you really need to do it in the snow .
 We were in Fl when an enormous snow storm hit the NC mtns . We ordered these cables in order to get home and they worked great . Very easy to get on and off our 4x4 Toyota Tundra and my husband could n't be more pleased !!
 These tire chains are easy to install . I no longer feel like I am stuck in the house when it snows . Thanks . !
 Do not rely on Amazon 's size guide for this product . To be sure you get the right size go first to the Security Chain Company web page . I originally used Amazon 's size guide and bought the size it said would fit . They tag on chains also said they would fit . When I finally needed them , it turns out they did not fit and I had to deflate the tire to get them to partially fit to move my car just 1/4 mile . When I went on the SCC website I noted they recommend a bigger size for exactly the same tire . Amazon 's size guide still recommends the wrong size . Much too late to return my original purchase . This is probably not Amazon 's fault as the tag on the chains said they would fit , but their size guide is still wrong.The proper size are great chains .
 A little bit about my driving conditions and why I mentioned in the title that the product has been a real help ... I am in Boone N.C. I have to drive down -LRB- on a gravel road -RRB- from the top of a hill to get to the main road . The problem is that our road does not get plowed that quickly like the main roads in the city . The road while coming down from my house has two very sharp curves and the incline is quite steep.With the cables on , I have not had any problems with my car - '97 Lexus ES 300 -LRB- front-wheel drive -RRB- in the snow and/or ice . Handling is very secure and that is why I feel confident . Previously I used to leave my car down the mountain or hitch a ride with a neighbor . Before putting it on for the first time , see the video on the product page - that really helped me . The written directions that came with it were difficult for me to follow - maybe it is me ! The cables are tight and with continuous use , it does get a little bit comfortable in terms of putting it on . Taking it off is relatively less painful.Keep a pair of working gloves in the car ; the kit -LRB- when I bought it -RRB- comes with a pair of plastic ones that reach to the elbows but I have not used them . In fact , I have a ski pant and jacket and wear them when I am putting on and taking off the chains . That way my work clothes do not get dirty . May be I am not that adept at doing it -LRB- could also be because I am out of shape -RRB- , because sometimes I have to squat or get on all fours to get other the end of the cable from behind the tire . I also think it may be helpful if you could get something to reach the cable from behind the tire and help you bring it to the front . The video shows the guy using something , but I use a twig or a small branch that I always find when I am putting them on or taking them off . Finally , do not forget to lubricate them after using - I use WD-40 . Well , that is my review - I am not at all comfortable driving in the snow -LRB- actually more uncomfortable in the ice -RRB- ; I have a FWD car that does extremely well with the chains on ; it is difficult to put them on ; but just like everything with practice it becomes easier . I mainly use the chains to drive down and up my snowy/icy gravel road and rarely have to use it on a flat road -LRB- where I assume it will be even better in terms of driving -RRB- . Last thing , I just came up today -LRB- 01/26/11 -RRB- with the chains on and our road was absolutely horrible - all slushy and at at least 3 - 4 inches of that . It was a little scary , but the drive up was fun !!
 We had snow on a road trip in TN , I was sliding around on ice as well trying to get down a mountain , about 5-7 minutes in harsh conditions I got them on , we drove about 1/2 mile to a great road , took em off in a minute.I would make two recommendations coming from a floridian ,1 -RRB- Bring better Gloves , I brought some leather work gloves in the car , which is the only way to do it , also the plastic sleeves they provide tear easily so an old sweatshirt will protect you clothes from getting dirty2 -RRB- Bring a towel to kneel on . Otherwise your jeans will get wet and dirty and the icy ground does not feel good on your knees.Cables were great !
 I have a RWD Volvo . DC roads often do n't get plowed and side streets become covered with slick packed snow and ice . Even 4wd SUVs slide every which way . With these chains my Volvo can easily climb every ice packed street . Equally important I can STOP going downhill on ice - no problem.Unlike an SUV , my tires fill the wheel well making it difficult to install the chains . I carry a jack and lift the car just a few inches -LRB- not off the ground -RRB- and it gives me much more room to work . I can install both chains in about five minutes . Overall these chains are great .
 I have used this company for several years now , and I have always had good luck with their products . I am a Firefighter by trade so I have to be at work when the time come . I have a Chevy S-10 and I am using the Super Z6 in some heavy ice and snow and have been able to get where I need to be ontime every time . They work great and you still have a pretty smooth ride . I highly recommend this product to anyone who needs that extra little bit of traction to get where you are going . Very easy to install and un-install when you are finished with them .
 I bought these chains from Amazon about 3 years ago and have used it for 3 winters -LRB- 1 time this year , 3 times last year and 1 time the year before -RRB- . The chains have been a life saver . I live on a hill and these chains provide the traction needed for the car to go uphill . It took me sometime to figure the steps to hook up the chains the first time , but it has been easy subsequently . I would definitely recommend this product and would not hesitate to buy again .
 These are the chains recommend in the owners manual for my 2011 Grand Cherokee . They do a great job in the snow . No slipping up my steep driveway anymore !
 Good cable chains for cars and SUV 's that have limited clearance . Bag is compact , but has enough room to fit waterproof gloves , a kneeling pad , flashlight , red shop rags , flare , and a few other things inside with them .
 Used these on my RWD Jeep up at Mammoth Lakes . Worked great . Easy to install . I did a practice install before going as recommended by other reviews . Glad I did that as it was much faster the second time which is good cause it was cold outside!Used them a second time in Utah a month later when I got stuck in the snow . They got me right out . They will now always be in my car .
 Chains work as advertised put them on in the first time in the garageand went down my very steep and long concrete driveway with about4 &#34; of snow on it no problems getting chains on took about 10 minutesper side the first time . Getting them off took longer but I am sure itwill go faster the next time my only advice to anyone using these chainsis to make sure you get them on before you get stuck not after you havedug a hole trying to get out with out them
 I ordered these two days before I need them , and I got them just in time ! I took a trip up to Big Bear and the chains helped so much . They are super easy to install , it took less then 10 minutes ! My sister and I installed them on our way up to Big Bear , at night while it was starting to snow . If two girls could put chains on that fast with no problems , then anyone can .
 Sizing not always true to the tire size . Test it on your tire before taking it on the road . I have had problems in the past
 I researched just about every single tire chain option and I settled on these . Not only is the price great , but the quality is great ! They work very well for my Mazda 3 with alloy rims . They are the easiest tire chains I have ever put on . I like the rubber-band/clip tensioning system , but as other reviewers have said , buy an extra pair just in case .
 Living in Southern California , installing tire chains is not exactly a common practice . As such , after ordering a took a crash course on installting them in my garage before heading for the mountains . In the practice run I had the cable chains on in about 10 minutes after going back and forth between the instructions for each step of the process making sure I did n't miss anything . The process is actually pretty intuitive although the &#34; swipe &#34; motion mentioned in the instructions is nearly impossible to accomplish unless you are installing the cables on a smooth floor or your vehicle is sitting on top of a patch of ice . Unlike some of the reviewers , I actually got to use these chains &#34; in the wild &#34; and found installation easy to accomplsh at 12 degrees on top of snow with thick gloves on . The chains effectively enabled the truck to move through modest slush and powder , but had a bit of trouble getting over a 6 inch bank of ice/snow that the plow had left at the end of the driveway the previous night . I wo n't entirely blame the chains for not being effective in this instance since the rear of the truck does n't have a lot of weight for traction and the 2in deep cut through on the first attempt still put the chains in the mound of pretty firm slick stuff . This is just something to keep in mind when driving I suppose . The chains need something underneath them to gain traction on , so , deep snow/ice/slush is going to cause some problems . Chain removal was as easy as installation and the cables easily go back in the included carry bag . The road noise is noticeable , but the ride is not uncomfortable . While I do n't have a lot to compare these cables chains to , I can say that I have no fear of installing and using them whenever required and highly recommend them for anyone looking for a good cable chain option .
 I received them very quickly . I decided to install them so I know what to expect . I must say they were very easy to install . I have used the traditional chain type in the past and these are so much easier . The only downfall is the cheap &#34; gloves &#34; that come with them . I would recommend adding a good pair of gloves .
 Solid product ! Easy to install , compact and light weight for easy storage . Grips well in snow and sand . Very pleased !
 I own a little Honda civic hatchback and love to play in the snow . I purchase two sets for all four tires and I get around without and problems . They are easy to put on and easier to take off . I like that I do n't have to drive a short distance then tighten them again . The cons - It 's a bit hard to get the tightening rubber band on . My sweety finds it hard to latch the chains by feel and in a small space . I have small hands so I put the chains on and he muscles the rubber band on . The other con is that they rust easily if left with water on them for too long . I purchased a small bottle of wd-40WD-40 11010 Multi-Use Product Spray , 3 Oz.and some REI waterproof glovesProFlex 817WP Thermal Waterproof Utility Glove , Black , Medium -LRB- for example -RRB- that I leave in the bag and this all makes for some easy chainage in the snow !
 I wanted to have a second set of chains for my truck . The old set was heavy duty and difficult to put on and I figured that having enough to chain all 4 wheels could n't hurt -LRB- 4 wheel drive -RRB- . When i received the chains , I gave them a try to make sure that they fit . I was amazed at how easy they were to install -- You can get a set on in under 5 minutes without getting really filthy and wet . I would recommend taking a small mat to kneel on and a 3 to 4 foot stick with a hook or nail to pull the chain around the tire , since it would be difficult to swish it around the tire as shown in the instructions/video if there was snow on the ground . Highly recommend this to anyone needing a set of cable chains ,
 Yes , practice before you go ! There are several little things you learn the first time . - The plastic-baggy gloves are a joke , like another person wrote . Buy some cheap work gloves -LRB- and stow them with the cables -RRB- -- wrist-length is all you need . - When they say the fasteners hook in at an angle , they mean a 90 degree angle -- make sure to slide the nub all the way in , before straightening the angle ! - Wheel covers ? They want you to remove them to prevent scratching . Our RAV4 with 17-inch wheels just had a `` wheel ornament '' which did n't get in the way . - The interior fastener clips in easily . When you are working on the two exterior fasteners , remember
 Do yourself a favor and get the self tighting ones . I put this on in the garage in 5 minutes after briefly reviewing the instructions . These have a very low clearance which will minimize damage to the car . I should have bought these before !
 I have tried every chain out there . Nobody beats this product made by SCC , I mean nobody ! Putting them on was a piece of cake . I passed up everyonve on the side of the road last winter when I used them . I will tell everyone I know to buy these from Amazon if they ski . Awesome product SCC ! Thanks !
 Yes , these cable chains made all the difference is getting around town ! Tulsa received a record snow fall and without these chains , I could not even make it out of my driveway . I have a 2009 Ford Escape Hybrid with FWD and the Escape does pretty good in most cases , but 14 '' of unpacked snow was just too much.So with round two of snow comming , I overnighted a set from Amazon . The streets were so bad , UPS wouldnt deliver , so with a friends help I made it to the UPS depot and picked up the chains . Round two of snow came . It took about 30 minutes to put on the chains the first time . Its not hard , just being sure I was installing correctly the first time . No problems getting out of my driveway or the 15 mile commute to work ! All the connector are self locking and I had no fear of something coming unlached while driving . Note
 Best product of the type , used on a 2011 VW Jetta Sportwagen with limited chain clearance . VERY easy to install and remove . Best price with shipping that I could find on the web . Comes in a great , compact zippered bag for storage in your spare tire well .
 I ordered the sz429 for 235/60/18 tires . It did n't fit at all and had to return it.After a year , I ordered the same sz429 the 2nd time for another set of smaller tires and tried on the original 235/60/18 . To my surprise , it 's so easy to put on . Not sure why the 1st chain did n't fit . My guess the manufacture label it wrong.went on a trip with the chain . easy to put on , great traction . removal is a breeze . overall , very good chain . no complain at all .
 I got these for my Infiniti G35 Coupe . They are difficult to get on this RWD low clearance car , but if you get the right technique down its very doable . Its definitely something you need to practice in a warm garage before you try it for the first time . RWD with low clearance is tough and without the right technique it will seem like a impossible task . I docked the chains one star because the manufacturer and the instructions offer no advise beyond the normal install . The video and the instructions make it look easy , and it would be if you can get your hands behind the upper part of your wheels . The tough clip is the rear upper clip , everything else is no problem . I found one method that works for me.This requires you to get your hands at least on top of the tire . Take the chains and set them up as in the first part of the instructions . Push the chains behind the tire . Take the inside cable clips and pull the chain until the inside bottom cable touches the axle . Do n't even try to line up the chains around the tire at this point ; your only goal is to get that rear clip hooked up . Pull the cable around the tire pushing the lose chain behind the tire and hook the rear clip on top of the tire . Then straighten the chain out around the tire making sure it did not get caught on anything and follow the rest of the instructions.They helped me get through the Chicago Blizzard of 2011 without getting stuck . They are good insurance , but are a hassle to get on in the snow . There is a lot of vibration over patchy and cleared roadway . In fact there is so much vibration at 30mph I could n't imagine ever exceeding that with these even if they were able to .
 The chains are a good quality and easy to use . Customer service was quick and the website easy to use .
 Have not used them yet but can tellthey are highest quality , and my tire man at Firestonesays they make a big difference in snow travelCa n't wait for some Missouri snow !
 This was purchased as a gift . It has not been used yet . The recipient loved it .
 Did not use these chains however I have another setand they worked really well during the Oregon snow stormin Dec. 08 and Jan 09 .
 i have not used these in the snow yet but i did install them to see how they fit on my 235-45-17 low profile tires . they were very easy to install but i would try it before you need to use them in the snow . quality is high and the price was great . i had no problem putting them back into the carrying bag . i am very happy with them .
 Excellent fit . We did need to use them . Excellent arrival time . We needed the chains for our weekend trip in Big Bear , CA , mountains . We had an express ship and it got here just as promised .
 Great product for my Mercedes E320 . Used it this winter up the mountains to Big Bear , CA . Easy to install , provided great traction , and without any damage to my vehicle thanks to it 's low profile/clearance design . Highly recommended .
 fast and easy to install , only tried in the garage , did need to jack up the rear of car some , as there was not enough clearance to reach into fender to connect rear .
 I 'm going to go ahead and give these five stars because , although we never actually used them in the snow -LRB- no need -RRB- , my husband tried them on the tires at home and said that they fit perfectly and were easy to put on . They come w / a pair of gloves , but as others have said , it 's advisable to have an extra pair that are sturdier .
 I 've done the pre fit but have not had to use them yet . A pre-fit is a must . They fit great , but if you have never used them or seen them instaled , you will need the test to insure that it will be hasle free the day you do need them .
 The only thing preventing me from giving this a full 5-stars is the questionable sizing . I know it may not fit all sizes of tires as different manufacturers have different sizes , but they should still make it more reliable . Otherwise , the product is super high quality and easy to install . Good design ! I also like the nylon bag as it 's much easier to store the chains compared with the plastic boxes on their other styles . One gripe would be the size of the nylon bag . I would like to fit a pair of gloves and a tarp in there .
 This is the first set of tire chains of this type that I purchase . They were a breeze to install , they work great on ice and snow and are almost silent . I highly recommend these chains , they are definitely worth the money !
 I read the reviews , used the guides to select the size and type of chains , and bought these a week before heading up to North Carolina as the cabin we were staying in recommended snow chains . With no snow on the roads all the way up , I wondered if I had thrown my money away and suffered from over-preparation syndrome . Fast forward 72 hours and 9 inches of snow later , I was feeling much different . These chains were amazing allowing me to navigate my non 4-wheel drive SUV up a narrow , icy/snowy , winding road back to our cabin following a fantastic day of tubing.I practiced the installation in my garage before leaving on the trip and it was great to get comfortable with putting them on and removing them when there was no pressure . In the snow , it was only a five minute install per tire and I was scaling the mountain in no time . Well worth the $ 70 or so I paid on Amazon . We had friends that paid over $ 200 for lower quality chains when they were in NC . I never broke about 30 mph , so for the occasional foray into the powder , this was money well spent . A great product from SCC !
 Have not yet needed to use them , bought them for when I do need them . I am however , very impressed with the quality of the cables . The bag they came in is durable , handy , convenient & good quality . The price was outstanding for these cables . They are low profile to ensure that they do not rub on the wheel well . Only issue I had , was attempting to purchase another set of the rubber tensioner in case one breaks . Amazon did not seem to offer more than one size , which of course was not the size I needed . Most reviews caution you to have an extra , or you could find yourself in trouble if one side breaks . So if anyone knows where to buy extra tensioners , please let me know .
 Although we do n't have to use cable chains very often with our Subaru Outback , these fit the bill when the conditions are R3 , `` All Vehicles Must have Chains ! '' . The main reason I purchased them , was the ease of installation and the clearance on the front wheels ! Our old cables had to be laid out in front or behind the tire and you had to drive over them , then struggle to reach to the back , in the wet snow to hook it up . They were also very hard to tighten ! These Z6 chains are a breeze to install , are very tight on tires and do not hit any part of the car when mounted on the front `` drive '' wheels . Amazon has the best price for these chains with no shipping charges . We also appreciate the nylon case . The tighteners which come with the chains are very hard for an old man as myself to put on , so I bought some other tighteners which are larger and have metal hooks . One minor problem is the `` gloves '' . These are a joke ! The video shows a man putting black long , substantial looking gloves on before installing chains . Do n't be deceived ! You get two el-cheapo thin clear plastic `` gloves '' which may help one or two times . -LRB- See photos -RRB- I think Security Chains could provide something a little more substantial than what comes with the chains . Other than that , this is a very well-made product and will give us many years of safer driving during winter weather .
 Since there is a California law that all vehicles traveling through snow country carry chains , I decided to research the purchase of cables that would fit my 2011 Subaru Outback . With very little clearance , I was quite limited . I ordered a set through Amazon . The price was about $ 30 less than the price quoted at the local dealership . I tried them on the car in the garage and they fit pretty snug . I do recommend a flat surface in good weather because it does take a few minutes to determine the best way to put the cables on . I have not used them in the snow , and I hope I never have to but they seem to be the right fit for what I needed.I did laugh when I first opened the case however . When I looked at the company website and viewed the demonstration , I notice the person in the video was wearing long gloves . The description of the items did include gloves so I assumed that they would be similar to the gloves in the video . The gloves that came with the cables were plastic single use gloves similar to the ones you get from a gas station if you were pumping diesel fuel . I pulled the gloves out and showed my family and everyone got a good laugh .
 Arrived on time . Were used in ice and snow in North Carolina mountains and through the recent snow/ice/sleet storm through Atlanta , allowed us to get to our destinations safely . Installation/removal was fairly easy except you will get dirty doing so , well made except they stretched noticeably after use , hence the 4 stars . No issues with clearance on our Toyota Highlander 4wd hybrid . Certainly worth the price for safety alone .
 I ordered the size off the online chart for my tires -LRB- 275/45/19 -RRB- . The chains arrived and were at least one or two sizes too large . So I looked at the online chart and noticed the chain listed for the next larger size tire -LRB- 285/45/19 -RRB- , was actually a smaller sized chain ! So I ordered it and it fits fine . When this second set arrived , I went to recheck the online size chart and it had changed to an entirely different layout . Of course now when I entered my tire size it spit out the chain set I finally bought . So it appears they 've fixed the sizing issue , but if you buy a set be sure to test fit them before you need them . Aside from that , these chains go on as easily as it shows in the video . I have yet to drive on them and since I 'm in California and have a 4WD vehicle with M&S rated tires I probably never will -LRB- it 's a law here that you have to carry chains regardless , and if the chain control officer checks and you do n't have them they turn you around , so for us they 're basically a gate pass -RRB- . They 're light , come in a nice nylon duffle bag and basically do n't take up any room , include the snubbers and a set of thin plastic gloves that cover up to your elbows -- nice touch .
 So first off ... do n't pay attention to the haters who give this product a bad review . I live in REno , grew up in CHicago where we do n't need to use chains . I 've had regular old chains before , crappy cable chains that fall off or last 20 miles ... these chains are seriously high quality . Not only are they really that easy to install and take off -LRB- even with the tensioners -RRB- , but they provide great traction . I just drove over DOnner summit in Lake Tahoe on a night where no other cars would dare drive over the summit because I had to get home for thanksgiving , and was I impressed . I figured we would have to keep the cable chains on for maybe 30 miles tops . Wow ... we drove 70 miles with them on . I was nervous driving over areas of pavement , because the vibration increased , and my experience with inferior quality products in the past made me think these were going to fall off . After I took the chains off and inspected them the following day , they were in great condition ... U stil get lots of vibration driving on them , but they are much less than using link chains . Only thing -LRB- I think someone mentioned this too -RRB- is that you really really should rinse them off ASAP when you get to your destination . Mine rusted in 2 days , but it can be removed pretty easily with a wire brush.HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND this product ... totally worth the extra dough .
 The Subaru manual said tire chains ca n't be used due to not enough clearance between tires and vehicle body . I doubt I will need them , but since I do mountain winter driving I like to have a pair just in case.I tried the Security Chain Super Z6 . They fit fine on my P225/55R17 tires.I laid an old carpet from my garage down the driveway to the street.I had someone back the car down and drive back several times while I observed the cables on the tires . There was plenty of clearance between the tire and the vehicle parts inside the wheel well . These limited clearance cables work as advertised . VERY easy to install .
 I got these for my wife 's car . What 's nice about it is you do n't have to drive over the cable to put them on . You just wrap it around the tire , hook up the breaks in the cable , and use the plastic clips to pull the cable toward the center of the tire . Pretty easy as long as you have the strength to do it . If my wife could put them on herself , I 'd give this 5 stars.Now that I got them , I hope I do n't have to use them . But if it snows again , I 'll be better prepared !
 After a lot of online searching and review reading , I decided on these chains for our new 2007 BMW X3 . They fit perfectly , and work just as well . Very high quality product and packaging . I would recommend these to any BMW X3 owners .
 Duh ... I have n't used them yet because it has been so warm to go ice climbing ; I did try them on for fit and they are fantastic . But , this company made similar lower end chains that I used while i lived in Montana and got years of use from them 10 years ago . The SZ139 Cable Chain for Passenger Cars , Pickups , and SUVs has many more features , easy of use , andfine tuning for fit than the model i used on my ford econoline van . These have the diagonal traction design . I trust this company that has been around for a very very long time !
 My wife and I took our Saturn Outlook SUV to the local mountains in Big Bear Lake a week ago . Chains were required because of recent heavy snow storms and icy roads that day . Cars with 4WD or AWD were exempted . However , our car was sliding a little at times on icy spots despite 4WD and so we put the cable chains on . They worked very well and the car was completely stabilized . You do have to drive below 30 mph , as recommended by manufacturer . Above this there would be a slight intermittent flapping noise , though I could not find anything coming loose.The only complaint I had was about the instructions -- they were not very clear . It was the first time I ever tried to install tire chains or cable and it took me a little over 20 minutes to put on the first one . Once you learned how to do it , the 2nd cable only took less than 5 minutes . Same thing happened when I tried to remove them . I find that it works much better and faster if I CONNECT -LRB- OR DISCONNECT WHEN REMOVING -RRB- THE INSIDE FASTENER OF THE CABLE FIRST , THEN the outside ones afterwards . The chains were well designed and worked beautifully otherwise .
 After searching `` high and low '' for an affordable , easy-to-install solution for my tires in the snow , this is it . The included carry bag is attractive and neat , the product is well made and the installation was pretty easy -LRB- after watching the online video and reading the included instructions . Be sure to practice at home first . The fact that these cables can be installed without moving the car at all is not only convenient but also very assuring if one is * already * stuck and * can not * move the car . Some suggestions
 The `` Z '' style pattern of the cross-cables eliminates vibration found in most cable chains that run the cross pieces straight across the tire . And the grip is many times better . I put these babies through 8 inches of snow on my '07 Pilot -LRB- Front-wheel drive only -RRB- with NO problems . Even from a standing start . The tensioners can be a little hard to stretch on , but that 's a GOOD thing . They keep the chains TIGHT , freeing you from worrying about one flying off or slapping the fender tub if you should transition onto dry pavement for a spell . Just make sure and watch your speed . They rode so smooth , I looked down a few times and saw 40 or 45 on the speedo ! Summary
 Easy and quick to put on and take off . Glad I bought these before our trip to Utah .
 Chains arrived on time and well packaged ; carry bag is high quality , instructions are clear and installation was easy .
 They are nice and easy to carry around in your car in its nifty travel case . Work just fine once on , and quick and easy . However , I gave them a 4 start because they make it seem soooo easy to put on , which is why I got them . I am a female and dont have the brute strength that is needed to securely fasten them on . So if my dad or boyfriend is not around , I 'd have to ask for help to pull the final clip . Other than that - perfect . No car damage no tire damage .
 I have bought this brand of chains for a previous vehicle that I had owned . The value of these snow cables , are astronomical , when compared to ones that cost twice as much . Easy to install , which is important , when you think of when you would be needing to put them on . Thanks : -RRB-
 glad I got them , they were easy to install , I shopped around and these were a good price and good quality . Amazon shipped them quickly . I had them on the car for 3 days straight . Seattle has a lot of hills and the car handled great on both hills and freeway at 35 MPH
 Cables installed and worked perfectly . they were easy to install however installing them in a snowy parking lot is very challenging .
 I bought those for my Honda Accord , and tried them on . They fit perfectely . Now they are in my trunk , just in case I will need them while going skiing .
 Was skeptical at first . Read some reviews that documented bad experiences . My experience was nothing but good ! I bought the cable chains as a `` plan B '' but I never thought I would need them and have `` zero '' experience with them . The day we reached Ruidoso , NM , it snowed 10 '' in about 12 hours -LRB- unbelievable -RRB- . Road conditions changed from great to horrible in a matter of minutes . Chains worked great ! . Note
 Bought these snow chains after reading different articles and reviews . I was looking for something not very expensive since I was not sure I would even need to use them . We went skiing in the Alps this past weekend and they had 8 inches of new snow . Rental appartment was on a hill and we would not have been able to get to it without the chains . They were real easy to put on and take off . They worked great , though I did experience a little slippage and had a little difficulty getting going again when I had to come to a stop -LRB- going up-hill -RRB- to let a car go by . Overall , they met my expectations and were well worth it .
 The chain is very easy to install with bare hands , and the tensioner will keep it tight , do n't need to retighten.Unfortunately it makes contact with the suspension on my 2010 Mazda6 with 205/65R16 tires . I have contacted SCC , and they recommended the SC1034 Radial Chain for my car . I replaced it , and it really fits , but it 's more complicated to put on , and just to tighten it I 'll have to get a pair of work gloves ... So Mazda6 owners , unfortunately you have to go for the SC1034 instead of this one .
 It 's great ! Easy and fast install . The review on installation tips were very very helpful ! THX GUYS ! However , I did n't ended up using it due to the lack of snow last year ...
 I have plans to go to Big Bear City for our winter vacation and the forecast would be heavy snow , so I got to have a tire chain . I do a lot of research on which tire chain is suited for easy set-up and that could fit my front wheel vehicle well and found this to fit my needs . It works very well and my car looks cool , always keep in mind that no matter how good the product is , always use commonsense in driving in such condition .
 Very easy to install . Takes less than 3 minutes . Even comes with a storage bag .
 Needed a cable chain as the manual on my new Suburban did not recommend using chains due to minimal clearance . These chains are good quality and surprisingly easy to install and remove . The cloth bag they come in is sturdy and easy to store . If clearance is a problem yet still need a good chain , this is the one .
 I used them during light snow while parked on ice at Mammoth . They went on in about 5 minutes . My buddy that used some older style cable chains spent about 15 minutes per tire struggling to get them on properly . It was a long , yet funny , 25 minutes or so watching him struggle in the snow . My recommendation is pay the extra money to get these changes since they are easy to use when the weather is bad . If you get something else , try to get something that you can get on fast . Otherwise , you may be entertainment to people in their nice warm and dry cars .
 Used these a couple times during a trip up to tahoe . The guide that helps you figure out which one to buy for which tires was right on , it fit perfectly . They are very easy to put on , and very easy to take off . Could n't be happier with our purchase .
 We ordered these chains for our annual winter ski trip . Last year , we were not able to make it up the winding , hilly road to the cabin . This year , with the help of these tire chains , we made it up successfully!When we ordered this product , we did not know if it was packaged for 1 chain or the pair of chains . So we ordered 2 units . We wanted to inform future buyers that this product contains 2 tire chains -LRB- 1 pair per unit ordered -RRB- .
 Excellent product . You will need to practice putting them on in the normal conditions , because putting them on the snow 1st time might be tough . At the same time the provide superior service and I was very confident driving with them . Nice storage bag . Too bad I did n't buy them on Amazon :-LRB- Superior price .
 After considerable research I ordered a pair of these from Amazon . They arrived very quickly . As recommended , I tried them on my 07 Chevy Impala prior to stowing them in the trunk . They are the `` easiest to install '' snow chains/cables I have ever used ... and I have used a bunch of them . They are also easy to remove . We 'll see how well they perform when I get caught in a snowstorm . Be sure to put a good pair of gloves in the handy carrying bag ... the plastic pair provided are a joke .
 I have an Audi A4 with sports tires and the warning `` do not use chains '' in the owners manual . I wanted to go skiing and found the Super Z6 . It said they would fit as they are ultra slim . I gave it go . I had to use them and they worked great . I 'm glad I have them . A plus is that Amazon had the lowest price and fastest delivery .
 Snow chains work great in record Portland , OR snow . The installation instructions could have included better diagrams , but once you figure out how to install these , driving in the snow and ice is much easier !
 Chains work very well . Trust me . Practice before you need them !!! Once you know how , they are very easy to install . Might want to pack a drop cloth and your own work gloves , especially to remove . You will get very wet and dirty.Chains store nicely and have definately gotten my little sedan out of trouble more than once .
 I have a Mazda6 with very little clearance around the wheel well , so regular tire chains do n't work . I even tried the GoGlaws which are supposed to have a much slimmer profile without any luck . Someone on a Mazda forum suggested the Super Z6 and I went out and bought it on amazon . It fits my car , which I 'm very pleased about . It 's a little hard to put on , lots of tugging and pushing and this was just a dry run in my garage . Not had to use it on the roads yet . Still , given that this is the ONLY chain that fits a Mazda6 , it 's much better than nothing .
 I bought this product for a 2004 Toyota Camery . We were going up to Big Bear and it was suppose to snow . Well it did and then some . We ended up snowed in an extra day as it was like a blizzard the evening we were suppose to come down . The cables worked perfect . They were fairly easy to put on , in fact we had 2 cars , the other one was a Corolla and my son and friend both 17 beat me putting them on without any instruction . We zipped around town all weekend in the snow . They grip great and I had them on the whole 4 days with no problems . Highly recommend . And you ca n't beat the price on Amazon .
 First experience with tire chains and found them great . Very easy to install and uninstall . Bag is a little small for chains , but works ok . The best add-on was the plastic-long-sleeve gloves provided so you do n't get your clothes and hands dirty.I strongly recommend them .
 I used this product over the winter holidays in the Sierras and found it to be a very easy to use product , with a little practice . Much better than the old style chains that everyone used to have to use .
 I 've used these for years on my Saab 900 with great success - so much success in fact that I 'm buying a new pair for my Subaru Imprezza . They 're much easier to install than the original cable models . They only get four stars because the carrying case is n't big enough to hold the chains after they 've been used .
 My wife is an ED doctor and needed to go to work the night that the blizzard of February 2010 started . We ordered these tire cables on Amazon.com and had them delivered overnight . I did n't think that the order would make it to us since we ordered 32 hours before we needed them , but they came right on time as advertised.I read lots of review before buying them and I was hesitant because several people 's reviews said that the tire cables did n't fit their car 's tires properly , including some Toyota Prius owners . In the end , we needed something so I ordered them . This was only after carefully reviewing my the Prius 's tire specifications that are written on the tires themselves . We have a 2007 Toyota Prius with standard factory tires . They were Good Years with 185-65R-15 . That night , right before it started snowing we got the tire cables . First I , and then my wife both secured the Security Chain Company Super Z6-123 tire cables onto the Prius 's front tires . At first this was a little difficult . The directions are not very clear until you have played with the cables a little bit . WIth practice , however , we were able to put them on and take them off with icreasing ease . In the end both my wife and I were able to put the tire cables on and then remove them . We did this in a nicely lit garage . While we had the chains on , we also took a brief drive around our neighborhood before it started snowing . The chains handled the drive well without breaking or getting caught up . We then packed them away so she could use them for her return from work . However , by the time she left for work , there were already 3 inches of snow on the ground . Since you can not go over 30mph with the chains on , and she was going to be on a highway we thought she could put them only to get back from work . She tried to leave without the chains on . 10 minutes later she returned saying the car with its Vehicle Stability Control constantly going off was sliding everywhere . She could n't even make it up the slight incline into our garage . There in the snow we each put one tire cable on each front tire . Both our hands got very cold , but we were able to do it in 2-3 inches of fresh snow . She then drove off slowly and without a single difficulty . She arrived safely to work , and she told me she was the only non-4x4 on the road . She then got back from work even while people with SUV 's were getting caught . She never went over 30mph , but was going 25-30mph for many miles on the highway -LRB- ~ 20 miles -RRB- and then on smaller roads . She was driving mostly on packed snow base , and frequently in slush and sheer ice as well . The chains are still in good shape and as we await yet another crazy mid-Atlantic snowstorm , I anticipate needing her car to go to work myself in the coming days . The product could be a little easier to put on , but it was a perfect tight fit , and it held up to ~ 50 miles of driving already and looks in great shape.Before buying , make sure you know your tire sizes . We found the chart that SCC provides to be accurate and appropriate.Thanks , Cem
 I was looking for chains for my 03 Acura TL-S and the vehicle owners manual said that because of the tight clearance , you should not chain up the type TL-S model . After researching this brand , I decided to give it a chance as the clearance required is much smaller than the DOT type `` S '' chain rating . I am very pleased with this product . It fits my vehicle even though there is a very tight clearance between the tire and the vehicle components . The cables seem to grip very well in the ice and snow . They are also very easy to put on compared to standard chains . I absolutely recommend them if you live in Colorado .
 I found these chains to be top floor quality at bargain basement price . Nicely packaged and easy to install .
 My application is for a 2006 Mini Cooper S with 195-55R16 tires . Yes , there is clearance to use these on your MCS without causing damage to your car.These chains were damn hard to get mounted the first time , which may be a combination of the fact that I had brand-new tires and that this tire size is at the top-end of the range for the specific chain size recommended . Also , hand clearance is limited for getting the back connector joined . It took a lot of pulling and * $ # % @ing to get the final front hook connected . As others have noted , you MUST mount these once in your garage or driveway BEFORE the weather gets bad . I also recommend you drive them 1/2 mile or so -LRB- even on dry pavement -RRB- because they wear in and loosen up . After you do that you can subsequently mount them with much less effort , less than 5 minutes per side.As for traction , I used these on a recent trip to Mammoth , CA , where they had a record-breaking 13 foot snowstorm . Most of the big 4x4 SUVs had to be pulled out of the parking places , but my MCS with these chains dug herself right out ! When stopping , the car had no tendency to slide sideways and the ABS and automatic traction system worked perfectly . They were easy to remove after driving down the hill , and they were completely secure.I confess to wanting the $ 500 Spike Spiders or the $ 400 K-Summits , but comparing price versus value , I 'm completely satisfied .
 The chains worked extremely well the few times that I used it heading to South Lake Tahoe during the '09 season . Provided a great amount of traction under heavy snow . However , one of the chains broke off -LRB- must have just been a defective link -RRB- . I sent it back 2 months ago for a replacement and a brand new one was shipped last week with no problems . Easy to put on and take off . SZ127 was a perfect fit for a 195/60R15 2004 Honda Civic . Would have received five stars but had to ship this back at my cost !
 We just got back from a trip to Beech Mtn . North Carolina and it snowed 3 of the 4 days we were there so there was a lot of snow and ice on the roads . I own a 2005 Chevy Tahoe and these chains worked as advertised . They were easy to put on and take off -LRB- I would recommend practicing putting them on and taking them off before you need them -RRB- . Buy a real pair of gloves and put with these chains to help you put them on and take them off . I would recommend purchase .
 I have n't had an occassion to use these chains in actual snow conditions yets , but I have installed them just to learn how they went on the tires . They are exceptionally easy to install and take off and I suspect I will be very happy with them under actual snow conidtions . I would suggest viewing the installation video -LRB- http://www.scc-chain.com/Videos/Super-Z6_a_h.wmv -RRB- before installing them as the guy demonstrates a couple cool tricks that make installation a lot easier .
 Over the summer I got rid of my gas guzzler Ford Explorer and bought a 2008 Honda Fit sport model . Going from 14 mpg to 35 + mpg has been fantastic , but I worried about getting through the Pennsylvania winters . After doing some reading online , all fingers pointed to these chains . People in Ontario , Vermont , Wisconsin and other very snowy areas gave them two thumbs up on their Honda Fit.Just like all the other reviews say , they are very easy to put on and take off -LRB- although you might get a bit dirty reaching into the wheel wells -RRB- . To combat the dirt issue , they included a pair of long vinyl gloves -LRB- they come up close to your elbow -RRB- . They are n't thick , more like disposable food service gloves , but they do the trick.Update
 This is third set of cable chains from SCC that I 've owned . The first two were for my pickup and my wife 's previous car . All of them have worked great on snow and ice . They are the easiest tire chains to install that I 've ever had . I 've learned how to install them without having to move the vehicle and still stay pretty clean .
 I bought these chains for a rental for a recent trip to the snow . They fit the tire size as advertised , but always worth checking before getting to the snow . It took under 2 minutes per wheel to install and installation does NOT require you to move the vehicle . My trip was inside a national park which required chains despite the conditions not warranting them -LRB- I spent many years driving in Alaska with no chains in worse conditions -RRB- . Despite driving over 100 miles on a mix of slush , snow and a lot of dry pavement , the chains held up well . The also store neatly in the included carrying bag . One item of note - pay attention to where the connection point on the inside of the tire is and try connecting disconnecting a few times when first installing to become familiar with the action .
 Fit and went on good on 07 Trailblazer SS with 20 '' factory rims and 265/50R20 tires . By far the easyiest ones I have ever used . No trouble installing in snow . Did not come in contact with rims , was close though .
 Practiced putting these on the car , very easy to use . Have n't used them in snow yet just getting prepared for a trip up north in November . Hope they work well if we need them .
 Got a great price on the chains from Amazon , free shipping . Had them on in less than five minutes . These chains are $ 140.00 anywhere else . Very happy .
 Bought it to drive to CO for skiing last Feb. . Did n't use them but it was nice to have along . They look like a good sturdy product .
 Well , I have n't had to use them yet , but they should do the job nicely . They come in a handly carrycase , with decent instructions . To be sure they would be OK , I put one on , and it went on fine . It 's a snug fit , and could be done even outside in the cold , but would be more comfortable to put them on when it 's dry , so you do n't freeze your hands in the cold . Some strength is required to attach the parts together . They do provide some thin lightweight , probably single use , clear plastic gloves . It 's a good idea , since these might be hard to string together with regular , thicker winter gloves on.So , if you really need chains occasionally , these should do the job nicely , and they store and attach well .
 These chains are a design that is relatively easy to install and which folds up into a small package that fits into a small carrying bag . It is very convenient for keeping handy until needed .
 While I 've only used a couple types of snow cables in my life , this is by far the easiest set I 've ever put on . While it 's the only cable recommended for my car -LRB- '09 WRX -RRB- due to little clearance , I 'm 100 % happy with the purchase . Simple to take on and off , no problems at recommended speeds , and they seem sturdy enough .
 I ordered these items Wednesday afternoon , and they arrived Thursday evening -LRB- with Amazon Prime and $ 4 for overnight delivery -RRB- . I used them today for the first time on my Ford Explorer in Baltimore driving in our big blizzard . They are great . Easy to put on and they got me home safely from work .
 I bought these in December 2009 for use on our 2002 Toyota Sienna . They 're awesome -- easy to put on , easy to take off , and offer superb traction in snow . After I learned how to put them on , I have been able to consistently install them in about 10 minutes . The carrying bag they came with was a pleasant surprise . Although I think these are excellent , the only thing that prospective buyers should be mindful of is that the chains will offer poor traction on pavement and make braking on ice a little dicey -- on more than one occasion I slid while braking on ice . On the other hand , these caveats likely apply to ALL tire chains , not this particular brand . Overall , I 'd say these are excellent and I would not hesitate in the least to recommend them very , very highly !
 These chains were a a good price and shipped in time for the Holidays . Easy to install and have held well .
 Nice product , well made . I first saw the cable type chains over 20 years ago while in Washington state , they worked real well . My only complaint with these is that they are not as easy to install as you might expect , and it is not mentioned that they are not intended for use at speeds over 30 MPH . I bought them mainly to get in my long uphill driveway , while the roads are cleared pretty quickly , the drive way stays icey and snow covered long after the public roads are clear , so either put them on and off , or drive real slow on the road .
 Very easy to put on - followed the manufactures recommendation for sizing - rubber bungie that tightens the cable is a bit on the loose side - and I can not find a better way to connect - started hearing rubbing on the wheel well at about 21 mph - suggested max speed is 25
 I bought chains for my 2007 Hyundai Accent GL . The car has stock 16 '' rims and low profile tires , positively useless on snow and ice . I live in the CA bay area so only wanted chains for trips to the mountains . I own snows for the car but did n't bring them with me when I moved . These chains meet the expectations I had for them . Their low profile fits the car -LRB- which has minimal clearance -RRB- . I have tested them briefly , but did n't need to try them out in any bad weather . I 'm not inclined to use chains , and even with low clearance chains are not recommended for use of the vehicle.I 'm totally happy with the chains as an emergency solution for a vehicle with very tight requirements . Having never put on chains before , it only took 20 minutes for me to test install them -LRB- in the dark -RRB- . I 'll follow up the review if I have to use the chains and they do n't prove out as expected .
 These are some of the best chains I 've ever purchased . Easy to install and very effective .
 Not only did they get to me fast , they were extremely easy to put on and they fit my low-clearance wheel wells . No more struggling with chains for me !
 A great deal for our 2008 Accord V6 . Lightweight , easy -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- to install with good traction in fairly heavy snow and ice . However , they ARE fairly lightweight , so it 's hard to say how well they would stand up to heavy use . But then , that 's true of cable chains in general and these appear to be more durable and of better construction than others I 've used.A practical , well-made storage bag and a competitive Amazon price really sealed the deal .
 I use these on my rear wheel drive BMW 330i which has very little clearance . These are very easy to use , but only after you figure out how to use them . Combined with snow tires -LRB- stock summer tires are worthless , chains or no chains -RRB- I am able to drive you all but the worst mountain conditions Tahoe with ease.The instructions that come from SCC assume you can reach behind the tire , which you ca n't given the limited clearance . So you will have to move the car , but it 's far easier to reach the inside latch when it 's on the bottom/side instead of inside the wheel well .1 . -RRB- Fasten the outside fastener that is opposite the silver colored bottom fastener for the inside2 . -RRB- Hang cables over top such that the open latches are on the bottom of the tire3 . -RRB- Move car forward quarter wheel turn4 . -RRB- Fasten inside fastener which you can reach from the rear , then 3rd -LRB- last remaining -RRB- outside fastener5 . -RRB- Mount tensioner and drive away
 I bought the Super Z6 SZ435 cable chains for my 2008 Toyota Highlander Sport 2wd . We were hoping we would n't have to use the chains for our trip to Oregon for the holidays - unfortunately , we were stuck in a crazy snowstorm and had to use in downtown Portland . These chains were bought as an after-thought and put in the car still in their bag . Looking back , I should have verified what was in the bag , as it could have been dangerous . Thankfully Security Chain Company and Amazon did a wonderful job with their quality control.Luckily , these chains were super easy to use . They snapped into place easily -LRB- the first tire took 4 minutes and the second just under 2 minutes . -RRB- Removing was even easier , taking 30 seconds for each tire . If you 've ever been in stuck in a situation in which you have to use chains - you know the blessing of easy installation . If not , think freezing , wet , cold , and dangerous . Concerned about other drivers losing control and slamming into you.One thing I noted the day after and really appreciated . The directions were easy to read and the pictures clear , concise AND were printed on a special paper that could withstand getting wet . You could not even tell that they had been snowed on and wet the night before - it was a nice that they thought of this as most papers would have had to be thrown away with the amount of moisture that fell onto the paper.I am so happy we bought these chains , they helped us out and got us home safely . The piece of mind alone is worth the price .
 I used these chains for the first time this weekend and was blown away by how easy they were to put on . My buddy and I had them on in 6 minutes flat and were blasting off up the mountain way faster than anyone else in the chain control line . The traction was solid all the way up Echo Summit on Interstate 50 on a big snow day when Caltrans had basically stopped plowing .
 They fit the tires on the 2009 Honda CRV EX-L . These chains go on so much easier than conventional chains that you have to lay out then drive over.Lay them down , swing one end around the tire , then hook 3 ends together and put on the rubber tighteners . That is it . No further adjustment , they self adjust as you slowly drive off .
 I can not comment on the effectiveness of the chains when driving , but I can comment on the installation . It took 2-3 minutes to install the chain the first time . That included time it took to figure the general way they work . I did it on hard ground in dry weather prior to travel to make sure they fit . I figure I could have both installed and driving in 3-4 minutes in the snow based on my experience . Fit perfect on my 275 / 65 r 18s on new body style 4x4 Chev Silverado .
 We planned a trip to Lake Tahoe for this past Christmas . I purchased these in case we ran into bad weather . Boy did we , we had over 4 feet of new snow . I had to put on and take off these chains on several occasions over the two weeks we were there . They were purchased for a 2006 two wheel drive Honda Element.The chains are very easy to get on and off . By the end of the trip I was able to either put on or take off the chains in 5-10 minutes . I had an additional pair of chains that were in a large hard plastic case . I like the soft material case these chains came in the best and they easily fit under the back seat so I can have access to them whenever .
 I bought these chains for my 1992 Honda Civic just before the holidays . I live on top of a fairly large hill in Maine with a dirt drive way thats about 300 yards long with an 18 % grade . It rained one night , then froze and the entire drive way turned into one sheet of ice ; I could n't walk on it . But these chains were able to get me up and down that hill with about 5 inches of snow on top of the ice with 4 people in the car and all their stuff . These chains will get you anywhere you need to go and quickly . I averaged about 2 minutes per tire , off and on . I would recommend putting these on on dry ground before you have to use them , just to familiarize yourself with how they work .
 I wo n't give these a 5 star review because when I 'm putting them on , I hate putting them on , but it 's the only way I could get around . I used to have a 2 wheel drive truck that I had to put conventional link chains on , and man oh man , that was a bear . I had to drive forward after placing them under the wheels and then link them up . These `` chains '' are much different . You can fully install them without moving the vehicle . The first time or 2 that you do this will be a bear . But once you get the hang of it , you wo n't even need a flashlight . They perform well , but like any chain , once you get to a wet or dry street and are off the ice , take them off immediately . I pulled into the parking lot of a WaMu bank to do this . You 'll need an empty spot on each side of the car . After you put them on and take them off a couple times , you 'll be a pro . These , in conjunction with the new Yokohama YK520 tires we got on our 2004 Mazda Sport Wagon , give us as much mobility as a large SUV with no chains , at considerably less cost . If you do n't have too many heavy snowstorms , these are keen for you . And the handy dandy carrying case will keep them all together in the back , ready for when the next blizzard strikes .
 Great product but impossible to obtain replacement components for chain set from distributor . Disappointing customer service for a top-notch product .
 There are a confusing array of tire chains/traction control devices on the market , and even this particular company makes so many different models that it 's hard to tell which ones are the best . Here 's what you need to know about chains and traction control devices , and why I like the ones made by SCC . I also include some installation hints at the bottom of this review.There are two broad types of traction control devices
 My first time using these was great . Record snow storm in So Cal mountains required cables and i never lost traction and only took about 3 minutes each wheel to install . Once your experienced - allow 2 min/per wheel . The split design that allows you to install them without driving onto them is perfect . Removal only takes about 1-2 min/per wheel . I ended up having to drive on them for 3 miles on bare roads without any problems or signs of wear . I also was able to plow through 2 feet of packed snow in a Honda minivan . Update - for rims that bulge out in the middle , the tighteners may rub on it leaving a mark . It just depends on your wheel style .
 Bought these for my rear-wheel drive Dodge Magnum here in Portland Ory-gun . Stock tires are not setup for snow and rear-wheel drive is a bit trickier in slick conditions with a lot of horses under the hood . So I bought these chains `` just in case . '' Today we had a snowstorm , cars slipping and sliding all over and I wanted to get home . Put on these chains , bit of a struggle to get them all locked in place , and headed out . No problems at all . Passed a lot of cars stuck against curbs or unable to move . The last dragon I had to slay was the big steep hill to the house . Pointed the car up and just kept it pointed straight . Right up with no troubles , maybe a little bit of micro-fish tailing , but the grip these chains gave me worked like a champ . One hint that I discovered , buy a set of gloves to store in the bag with the chains , I did not have any with me and had to hop in the car a few times to get my fingers warmed back up . The little plastic ones they put in there are worthless against cold and snow while you are hooking the chains up .
 These are the ones you want to get for your personal safety and peace of mind . Easy to put on and off . You do n't have to even move the car to put them on . I have a Toyota Prius and these are much better than what the dealer sold me , for not much more money . You get what you pay for . For me , the extra cost is worth it because these are heavy duty cables for low tire clearance cars and the ease of putting them on is important , especially if you are out in the snow , in a storm or such . You will not regret buying these cables . I returned the unused `` dealer cables '' back to the Toyota dealer and felt like saying to them `` for shame '' ... -LRB- they were so chinsey -RRB- ... but I was nice and did n't do that . I just told them the truth ... that these cables were far superior . Thankx !
 Finally forked over for these and was n't disappointed on two trips up to Mount Hood this week . Handled beautifully in the snow . So happy we got these -- I think they may be the only chains recommended for Toyota Siennas , which have a very small amount of space between the tire and the wheel.First-tire set-up took about 15 minutes , but each subsequent tire/installation was less than 1 minute . -LRB- Practice at home before you have to do it in the cold wet snow . -RRB- Note
 First off , I do n't know jack about tire chains . I live where there is n't any snow and would like to keep it that way . The only time I 've driven in snow has been with a 4x4 truck over short distances.That said , we 've got a minivan now and are heading up to the mountains . In the great state of California , you are required to carry chains if you are going anywhere it might snow.Our Toyota Sienna XLE has 17 '' wheels and 60 series tires -LRB- on a minivan ? OK , now it 's cool because it has 17 '' alloys ... Oh please ! -RRB- Anyway I was very concerned about the 60 series tires not having enough rubber for the chains to fit without scratching up the wheels . In addition there is only about a thumbs-width between the tire and the strut -LRB- using calipers , I determined that my thumb is 0.723 '' thick -RRB- . These are brand new tires so this is probably worst-case . Also , this van has traction control , stability control and ABS which can all be confused by tire chains that slip and grab.I test fit these and they exceeded my expectations . They are easy to install -LRB- I used the instructions , but I 'm just that way -RRB- . They do n't come anywhere near scratching the wheels and they clear suspension with no problems . I do n't look forward to installing them in the snow and cold , but if it comes to that I feel these will do a good job . The diagonal pattern should do a good job of maintaining relatively consistent traction so the electronics -LRB- ABS etc. -RRB- do n't get confused . Construction looked robust and consistent . On top of all that , the bag was smaller than I expected and I was able to get everything back in after my test-fit . Hopefully these and the spare tire will never be used , but they 'll both be there if needed .
 The virtues : These are lightweight and compact cable chains , strong and effective enough to get you going . If you 're already stuck in snow , you do n't have to worry about having to lay out the chains and drive onto them . Just lay 'em flat and link the two segments together at the bottom back of the tire . Bring the two segments up and link them together at the top . Hook on the tensioner and drive away.The drawbacks : In real-world conditions -LRB- it 's cold , it 's snowing , it 's probably dark -RRB- putting these on without preparation is n't fun . You kneel in snow and get your legs wet . Your hands get cold and wet and numb , and it becomes hard to mate the links on the back side of the tire . Just when you 're close to done and your strength is giving out , you 've got to stretch the rubber tensioner rings onto the chain.So , practice putting them on under agreeable conditions so you know what you 're in for . Stow a waterproof mat to kneel on . Put some packs of chemical hand warmers in the chains ' carry bag.And a hint
 We just got 18 '' of snow before the end of the year , so it was great weather to give the cables a try . Ease of installation was great , no need to line up the cables and drive over , it just links around the tire without having to rotate . The cables have been put to the test a few times already , and every time they beat the deep snow and ice . They do n't make as much noise as old steel tire chains . The bungee cord cable tightener is easy to put on and seems to keep the cable tight and secure on the tire . The true test will be durability , however they show no signs of wear at this point . I would highly recommend this product .
 The fit is great for the Xterra which has the tire size given in the guide for this model - be sure to use the size selction guide given for selecting the right model for your tire size.The instruction manual is a single page in a plastic cover - easy to use compared to a book format.Getting them on the tire requires some amount of pulling on the cables - one person can do it , and you do not have to be extra strong or anything.A good pair of gloves will help very much - to protect against cold and the pressure that pulling on cables puts on the skin . The chains come in a nice bag and there is space to keep a pair of gloves in there.The rubber tensioners use plastic hooks -LRB- the yellow things in the picture -RRB- - very good in that chances of scratching the wheel is low but do not know how durable these hooks are.I have not used any other snow chains , so can not compare the traction quality on ice or snow with conventional chains . The clearance requirements meets or exceeds S class which is what my vehicle specified in the manual .
 Works pretty good . Used in for 2 days in snow , ice , and bare road conditions . You will have good traction , but will still slide a bit on ice . Good quality chains in a nice blue nylon bag . Not the easiest thing to put on , but once you do it , you 'll get use to it .
 Just received the cables today . I wanted to make sure my Outback had the necessary equipment when going to the mountains . The owners manuals says chain are not allowed due to clearance . The web site advised these cables would be approved . I guess some Subarus have 16 &#34; tires so when I bought these the web page said they would not fit my car . I just put them on and they fit perfectly and went on in a few minutes . If I should ever have to try in the snow I will write more .
 I have a 2006 GMC Yukon . Owners manual says not to install chains due to clearance issues . These cables fit perfectly , worked well with no clearance issues , and were super easy to install . Wish I had found them sooner .
 Purchase the item over a year ago . I use it for mountain trips up to Big Bear . I have driven in heavy snow and iced roads and it works great . Installing a set -LRB- front for my 07 XC90 -RRB- took under five minutes during a snow storm going up the mountain . Installation is EASY ! I stopped to check the cables a few miles later and they seemed to have self adjusted . No problems aside from teh expected extra tire noise . Cables are still in great shape . I did drive at and under the recommended speed . I also purchased a set for my parents . Well reccomended !
 Easy to install on 2012 Honda Odyssey -LRB- inside the garage -RRB- . Have n't used it in snow yet . But , like it so far .
 These traction devices were purchased for a 2012 Chevy 1500 Suburban Z71 w / 18 &#34; wheels . Although Chevy Owners Manual says chains will not fit on this vehicle , the SCC SZ477 traction devices cleared easily on the rear wheels and with about 1/2 &#34; to spare on the front through the full turning arc.Very easy to install . Mounted the SZ477 on all four wheels in about the time it took to mount conventional chains on two wheels , plus only having to get out and on my back once in the slush . They stow neatly out of the way and meet California DOT traction device requirements , which are very restrictive.I 'd recommend these .
 I am disabled and volunteer adaptive ski instructor and even though I drive a 4WD on occasion I have to install chains -LRB- cables -RRB- . They were a pain to install and tighten and then retighten . When I received the Z6 chains I went out the try out the installation and make sure they were install and drive away . I am a 52 yr old disabled women and I installed both sides in less then 10 min on my first try , drove short distance , they self adjusted as promised . A big thing for me is that after removing them , they EASILY roll back up to go in the bag . The side cable is more flexible and allow for easy roll up.Cables that are a bit cheaper have really stiff side cables and come in those blue hard plastic carriers are almost impossible to roll back up tight enough to put back in there carrier .
 Title says it all . Use on my Ford F250 two wheel drive . From Anchorage Alaska where we 've had 10 ' of snow and the winter is only half over .
 These chains are the best . Easy to install and they drive very well . Excellent for very limited clearance cars.To bad they outsourced to China but still the best chains you can get.They were also $ 30.00 cheaper than buying local !
 I ordered a set of Super Z6 `` SZ435 cable Chains for my pickup that has tires that are P275/45R20 . The chains were too small . I called the Factory distributor and he , -LRB- Keith 1-800-547-6806 -RRB- , said that their literature showed the wrong size . It should have been a SZ441 . The chains look great but they do n't fit . : -LRB-
 I had been looking for this item and it was exactly what I needed . The price was also excellent .
 I bought these while on an extended trip for traveling through Colorado and never had to use them . But I did try them on and they were easy to install , just as advertised and shown on the product video . They fit based on the tire size with no interference .
 These saved me from Tahoe storm on e90 330i with BridgeStone Potenzas RE760 Sport 255-35-18 . If it was n't for a kind stranger who helped me put these on , pretty difficult to do on your own as you have to roll the car back and forth . I would still recommend these as once on , they worked perfect - needed almost 0 clearance and were much easier to take off .
 Great deal for the money and these cables are very easy to put on . The trick to using cables is to put them on at home so you see how they work and to make sure they fit before you need them . These are very easy to put on and take off and the bag they come in makes it very easy to put back in the bag . And the price is sure right !!!
 It works great for me , once I 've figured out how to install them , it only took me less than 5 minutes . However , my friend got one but the size does n't fit well -LRB- too tight -RRB- and it took us more than half an hour and lots of effort to install them . Even worse was , after driving for 40 miles one of the cables broke -LRB- probably it 's too tight and put too much tension on a weakest link -RRB- . Make sure to choose the one that fits your tire and preferrably slightly bigger .
 very well made cables the fit is nice and are very easy to put on . I like everything about these except having to use them !
 Though a bit costly , it is easy to put on the tires , and it will not scratch the tire rim .
 Vehicle bought for
 These were easy to install and provide great traction . However , the rubber band seems to lose its tension over a few days of use and I spun one chain off . I also noticed a chain of this brand at a stoplight on the road apparently also spun off . I reinforced with a few bungee cords on each wheel and have n't had any problems since .
 I ordered those before trip to NH . Arrived on time . I tried to put them on - and had similar filling as person below -LRB- who rated at 1 start -RRB- - did n't look as fit . I rechecked the instructions - turned out I closed the bottom outer -LRB- closer to you -RRB- clip first . Unlocked it . And everything worked perfectly . 2 hours later plowed through steep icy incline like nothing . The same road I had trouble last year.This product is worth every dollar.Note
 These are good , low profile cables that would not damage your car . I get an excellent tight fit , and very good traction.But `` Fast easy installation with no need to move the vehicle '' ad did not work for me . Do n't get me wrong - they are relatively easy to install , you `` just '' wrap them , connect and install tightener . But I could not do it without moving the vehicle . The video shows connecting the inner side at the top , but for my vehicle -LRB- and probably other low clearance vehicles -RRB- this is impossible - not enough space . So I can either try to connect them at the very bottom behind the tire , which is the harderst point to reach , and you would have to wrap your arms around the wheel , or moving the vehicle . I had better results after driving over them about quarter length , and connecting them at about half the height of the tire . Tightener requires a good pull to install , but I think this is good , as it guarantees cables will stay on the tire .
 I love these chains because they are easy to install . In addition the old product came in a tiny plastic box that you could never get the chains back into . The new model comes with a nylon carry bag that the chains are easily returned to .
 Just bought a 2011 X-Terra Pro-4X . I purchased the SZ451 model chains and they fit perfectly after a `` dry '' installation . They look solid and were easy to put on . The storage bag they come in is nice too . After installation there is about 1 '' of clearance between the tensioner and the -LRB- front of the -RRB- wheel . Now that I know how to put them on I would guess a field install time of 2 minutes each wheel . Would n't suggest a thicker chain as they probably wont clear the inner wheel structural components . I have not driven on any snow but will update when I have to provide an opinion on the grip . So far ... 5 star .
 Very easy to put on and take off . I can actually put these one without having to jack the car off the ground . Have n't had an opportunity to try them out this winter but I would highly recommend these chains to others .
 These chains fit well , are easy to put on and take off , and easily fit back into the storage bag . The quality of construction seems good . I have n't had to use them yet , so I do n't know how well they work .
 Initially sent wrong size -LRB- perhaps the cause of some reviews saying this item could not be installed - too small -RRB- . Returned with no problems and received correct size which fit properly . Have n't used them on ice/snow yet but I believe they 'll work fine .
 These are great tire chains , and really easy to install . After receiving the package I decided to do a test install on our MDX in the driveway before needing them for real in the snow . It took less than 5 minutes to get the first chain on the tire the very first time I tried , way easier than any set I 've owned before . The chains wrap around the tire without having to move the car , there are three clips to be snapped together , and then a tensioner which pulls on the chains to keep them tight . That 's it , and no need to pull over a mile later to tighten them , that 's all automatic . Super easy if you get the right size and follow the instructions , I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 I have a 2010 Ford Edge with 20 inch tires . these chains will work on the front wheels even though Ford says you can not use chains on this car .
 Purchased for a Toyota Highlander Hybrid . Tested out in driveway and was very easy to put on . Have not road tested them yet , and hope I never need to . Will provide peace of mind for Colorado mountain driving .
 Used size 435 for a Highlander -LRB- 245/55 R19 -RRB- on recent trip to Tahoe.Worked great . Easy on , easy off - so much easier than cable chains on a sedan .
 These cable chains are easy to put on and take off and they provide excellent traction . There is one buckle on the inside of the tire and two on the outside . All buckles are easy to attach and detach . Once the cables are installed , the inside buckle will not be visible . When removing the cables , just remember that the inside buckle is directly behind the outside black buckle , that way you do n't have to look for it . I 'm very happy with these cable chains . 2011 Toyota Sienna LE .
 I read all the reviews and decided to give these a try . Several people had problems with the fit and the sizing chart , but I used the sizing chart and got what appears to be a perfect fit
 regarding SNOWCHAINS -- For those folks that are local enough to San Diego to present their vehicles for fitting -- I make SURE they have the RIGHT , -LSB- snuggest -RSB- fit possible and that they know HOW to install their new SCC snowtraction products in the easiest , quickest fashion.Perfect fit everytime ! -LSB- ... -RSB- google snowchains101 to find out whereSnowchains vs Cables which is best for you ? -LSB- ... -RSB-
 i have not used this yet though I bought it in case i would need one driving in Big Bear , CA . It appear to be strong and would the do the job intended to use .
 Easy to fit , not yet tried in poor conditions , but quick to install so hopefully will meet all expectations .
 These chains are the best ever . Takes no more than 2 or 3 minutes and I am back inside the vehicle nice and warm . I would buy these again and again .
 First off , the fantastic instructional video helped me chose this brand over the others . I 'm glad I did . The Super Z6 cables went on just like the video . I recently drove up to Lake Arrowhead during heavy snowfall , where there are some tight turns and steep hills in the mountain pass . During the downfall , I hit the checkpoint where chains were required . At the turnoff , I put them on in a few minutes and was back on the road . -LRB- NOTE
 Great product . Easy to install . Highly recommended . These come in a great little bag complete with gloves . Everything you need to get to the mountains and back safely .
 I thought I was ordering `` charcoal '' color but its actually a glossy bright gray or silver , so I did n't bother installing it . But it actually looks & feels very well made . The material is strong looking like cordura as advertised & has a backing to give it a soft supple feel . I 'm sure it will wear well in a pickup truck or SUV weekend warrior or kids-pet-gear hauling situation
 I replaced an old set of gauges with a set of these on my boat , they look and work great ! They look especially good at night , the numbers are back-lit with a warm red glow . It 's my first boat , so I had never done it before , but they were very easy to install . Really happy with them .
 This jacket is awesome . Great fit -LRB- I am 6 ' and 210lbs and the XL fits me perfect -RRB- , zipped lining for cold days and vents for warm days , great protection , very comfortable and a great look . I get lots of compliments on it . And it is somewhat loud for visibility while riding . An all around great jacket if you are on a bike . I am very happy with this purchase . Icon makes great stuff for sure , I will be buying more of their products in the future .
 great part at less than auto parts price . some were discontinued . you must buy it now because I said so
 I was looking for something that I could attach to a trailer to haul my wet kayaking gear . This turned out to be just what I wanted since it was n't designed with the overhang of the other pickup truck boxes . Also since this is plastic , I do n't have to worry about rust , and it is lockable .
 This jacket is awesome . Great fit -LRB- I am 6 ' and 210lbs and the XL fits me perfect -RRB- , zipped lining for cold days and vents for warm days , great protection , very comfortable and a great look . I get lots of compliments on it . And it is somewhat loud for visibility while riding . An all around great jacket if you are on a bike . I am very happy with this purchase . Icon makes great stuff for sure , I will be buying more of their products in the future .
 Exactly what I needed ! This part is hard to get for a 1990 Celica and was the second one I ordered . The first was from another manufacturer and was too long . I initially went to the dealer , but they wanted a $ 143 , if they could get it . They pointed me to a junk yard . One thing I did have to verify before I ordered the Beck Arnley was that it was for the driver 's side . The picture appeared to be the passenger side . Beck Arnley indicated they do n't go by pictures strictly , but assured me I would get the correct cable .
 Do n't let the word `` remanufactured '' fool you . Came in after 2 days . All necessary o-rings were included . Installed the injector . Fired up the engine and presto ! ... Just like new again . Good quality , works as good as the $ 100 ones ...
 The quarter inch size is perfect for 2-4 eighth-inch cables such as keyboard or mouse cables . Installation is tedious -LRB- a few inches at a time -RRB- but once installed all of the cables stay inside nicely . The whole thing stays really flexible and does not snag on any surfaces it may drag across -LRB- even cloth . -RRB- I have also used larger versions of this product to bundle quarter-inch audio cables to create custom snakes . Both sizes perform perfectly .
 Lights are extremely high quality with a nice glass lense . I mounted two on the ROPS of my tractor . They really throw light . The picture above is not correct though as this part number is for a clear lense light which is what I received .
 Bosch Part # P3620 is for a `` pair '' of cabin air filters . That 's what I received . The day I purchased these were the best price on Amazon .
 BEST THING
 Purchased these to replace the bulb lights on my trailer . My trailer lights were having connection issues . Brand new trailer and I could n't get them to work ... ARGH ! So I ripped them off of the trailer and got these ! WOW ! Easy to install , did n't have to re-wire the trailer , just snipped the existing and spliced the wires . Very bright ! Nice lights , nice price . Go ahead and get 'em ! Took about 20min to install . -LRB- mostly because I had to redrill the mounting holes -RRB- Ahh , which brings up a point , if you have a limited space to mount the lights , you may need to relocate the mount . Just a thought ! Enjoy !
 I bought these to replace the standard lamp trailer lights I had . They installed great and were super bright , nearly blinding , when viewed from behind . They lit up very well and were easily seen during the day too ! Installation was simple and straightforward .
 Used on Car Hauler . Very bright , easy to install -- Very pleased , work well , expect to last as long as I own the car hauler -LRB- used to carry a large cabover camper -RRB-
 Used these to replace the standard lights on a boat trailer . They installed very easily . I used the existing wiring and had to figure out some of the connections by trial and error , but that only took a few minutes with a helper . They are very bright , look good and the LED lighting to the sides is a nice touch . I 'm glad I got around to replacing my lights with these LED lights .
 This kit came complete and was very easy to install . We put our boat in the water for the first time today , and the trailer lighting worked flawlessly .
 I bought this kit for a home-built utility trailer I made . Directions were clear and the install was simple . The only flaw I have so far found is that the lens assemblies are easily broken . A small tap with a dropped two-by-four was all it took to knock the red lens off the right lamp . The plastic lens and housing seems thin and somewhat brittle , and not suitable for heavy duty use unless you fabricate a shield of some sort for it or put it in a guarded area . Other than that , the lights are bright and very visible , and they look nice . They really set off the trailer . I gave them four out of five stars .
 I have a 5x8 utility trailer used for dump runs and the like . The wiring was getting old and ratty - over teh years it had been spliced , rigged , and chewed on way too many times . This kit installed readily just like the orginal lights and wiring , and works great .
 Bought a used PWC and trailer , but the lights were dim and worked intermittently . Found out it was a ground issue , but they were still dim after fixing the problem . Bought these as a replacement and boy are they nice ! They 're very bright and well sealed . For the occasional use they will get on my PWC , I expect them to last a very long time . Installation was very easy - basically just unbolted the old ones and used the existing wire to fish the new wiring through the trailer frame .
 I purchase this light kit as a add-on lights to my existing lights on a ATV trailer . The only issue I had mounting this item was one of the mounting bolts which is fitted into the light was came loose from the inside.Other then that nice bright leds
 These lights are on my commercial boat trailer . They are in salt water sometimes 12 times a day . After 6 months only one light is beginning to lose LEDs - 2 actually . Still lots of life . They appear to be very well sealed making the insides very corrosion-resistant . I have already bought a second set as replacements ... but they sit in their box ... just waiting .
 I love'em what else can I say , look really neat and updated my John Deere green painted yellow wheel Trailer .
 Used this when my old setup failed on my car and made my engine over heat . Was a 4th of the cost of the OEM -LRB- if not more -RRB- and it works perfectly well . I 've been driving with it for almost 10k miles and no issues so far .
 I replaced the Oem fans with this pair . The fit was excellent in my 2006 G35 . Very well packaged and harness plugs right in . I had no issues with fitting the unit where the Oem was .
 K&N filters are items of known quality . After price shopping these were the best priced out there . Top notch stuff . They fit perfectly in my 1979 MGB .
 These are beautifully made air cleaners , but they are not an exact fit for an mgb with a brake booster . I had to grind off some of the cover plate on the air filter on the rear carb to get it to fit . The brake booster was too close and would not allow assembly . In addition , I used them sideways , i.e. I rotated them 90 degrees to the left . In doing so , I used one available hole on the mounting plate to fasten to the carb , and drilled a second hole in the plate to fasten the plate to the other side of each carb . Because this newly drilled hole was so close to the filter cone edge , I carved out a little niche on the filter cone surface to clear the bolt head used in the newly drilled hole.That accomplished they work great !!!
 I bought this to go on my Toro walk behind mower . It is a perfect fit and economical too . You can buy two of these for what you would pay for one anywhere else . It went on without much trouble and now my Toro runs like new .
 This carrier is strong , looks great , and is much sturdier than it 's competitors . Plus it is sleek and does n't look like I 've strapped a big black box to my roof ! I 've owned my System 60 for 4 years . The finish is first class ! No chipping , fading , or any other defects . The gas filled lid dampers work really well . Opening and closing the carrier is easy . The latches and key hardware truly is Marine-grade . No rust or even discoloration and mine has been in every weather imaginable . The competitor rood-top carriers are flimsy and are bouncy going down the rode . This carrier is sturdy and does not bounce while driving . It can be bought directly from the factory for significantly less than what this seller is asking .
 Looked good , installed good , worked good . I 'll update if it explodes any time soon . Only thing was that it didnt come with the bulletines it said it came with .
 Exactly what was offer , bike bandit has the best customer service , they help thru my purchased by making sure a was buying what I needed .
 The quality is good . I was disappointed with how the seat covers fitted on the head rest . They are snug but ripple at the neck . I would purchase these again .
 I bought this winch to pull my 12 foot cataraft from steep river banks onto my little 10 foot trailer . Works like a charm . The winch 's 1200 pound pulling capacity and 20 foot nylon strap are more than enough . Price is amazing , especially when you consider that many winches come without a strap . I 've found no drawbacks - perhaps the winch is a little noisy , but no big deal . Comes with mounting bolts , but you will need to make or buy a mounting post if you plan to attach to a trailer .
 When we go on camping expeditions , I 'm in charge of dishwashing . In order serve that purpose I hang an 8 gallon Reliance `` Hydroller '' from a tree . At 64 lbs it becomes a two man operation unless you have a nice winch . I purchased this winch for the project . The winch operates easily and is of very good quality . I realize this is an unconventional review but it may be that there are others who are looking for an economical winch for such purposes . I have no doubt that this winch can handle its rated work loads . It 's ergonomical handle is comfortable and the 20ft . strap is excellent . Mounting is easy and sturdy . I have included a few images to show my purpose .
 This is a very sturdy winch , but it is loud when cranking . I recommend hearing protection .
 es muy resistente , lo compre para mi esposo que practica motocross y esta contento con esta compra , tiene almohadillas que lo protegen en las caderas y posaderas , tiene un a & ntilde ; o de uso todos los fines de semana y estan como nuevas
 This is a civic service bumper sticker that reminds those driving behind you that they should not be talking on the cell phone -LRB- unless hands free -RRB- , doing their makeup or hair , or having breakfast , lunch , or dinner , while driving . Perhaps , some of the fools that do these things , while operating a potentially lethal weapon , will take heed . If so , this bumper sticker will have done its job .
 What can I say but this is an OTC and is a great socket for a real shop . I think OTC is one of the best tools out there .
 The product looks great , great price ... . But , you better talk to a human to make sure it will fit your vehicle . I know first hand that it says it fits , but it does n't , a 2009 Dodge 1500 4x4 Truck .
 Great fit and looks really nice . I was a little concerned that I had to drill holes in my hood , but after measuring twice and marking the spots , it was fairly easy . There is absolutely no wind noise with this bug shield , even at 85 MPH -LRB- not that I actually drive that fast -RRB- . Good price , good quality , highly recommended .
 the Lund 18039 only took about 15 minutes to install -LRB- with the help of another person -RRB- and fit perfectly on my 4runner . It is lightweight but feels sturdy , and does not move or vibrate at highway speeds . Have only had it for a couple of weeks in dry weather so I ca n't vouch for durability or effectiveness , but I am very satisfied so far .
 This bumper is no joke . It 's HEAVY . Good design and good welds . The finish is awesome , it 's a flat heavy duty textured black . I could probably take a sledge hammer to this thing and not leave a mark . It looks like it should be in a movie busting through the wall of a terrorist compound .
 I like that the springs are color coded , which makes matching them up with the old springs even easier . I used this kit when doing my last brake job and they work perfectly now . They were the right size . Always replace your springs when doing a rear brake job , or you wo n't be getting the performance that you could . The springs are necessary for both holding things in place and for putting the correct tension on the various parts that need them . These springs did the trick for my 1994 Ford Explorer 's 10 '' rear drum brakes .
 Easy to replace and better filter than I had . Also saved about $ 50.00 dealer wanted.Also air flow has improved which is a good thing in 110 deg temp .
 Its much better than stock service center installed filter.Feels like more air flows in my car cabin now.Air feels crisp and fresh.Happy with the purchase .
 Always buy HPS pads for my racecars . These went into my DSM brake swap on my Mitsu Mirage . Great feel no pedal fade at high speeds .
 Needed a cabin filter for my Taurus . Their prices blew anyone car parts place out of the water . Very happy with my purchase.Will buy from again .
 Bought this for a 1998 Mercury Sable . It fit snugly , exactly the way that it 's supposed to . Great product at a great price !
 Fits exactly on my 1996 Ford Taurus . Replaced the old one that looked almost like a nest . This works great on the taurus .
 If you need to replace your Cabin filter buy a Bosch . Cant beat the quality . Take a look if your Ford has one installed , they DO NOT come from the factory with one .
 This air cleaner was installed on my old classic Mini Cooper . It fit perfectly replacing the big plastic original one . Took about a half hour to install as the 90 degree original adapter on the SU carb had to be removed . Noise wise , the carb . is far more noisier now than with the original air cleaner which routed the sound to the front of the engine . You can really hear that big SU carb sucking air . Same situation with the replacement years ago with a K&N on the 2001 Ford F-150 . A lot more noise . But , performance wise , I wanted this air cleaner over the original on the Mini . Plus , this K&N makes the engine look much better than the original air cleaner . Glad I made the change .
 I got the quality i have come to expect from Bosch , however the fitment of this filter suggested that it was for a variety of applications and just happened to be able to squeeze into my cabin air 's frame . It is an extremely tight fit , so tight that , in fact my filter has some ripples in the ridges because it literally will not actually fit .
 Filter fit my car perfectly and the made the air fresher as I drive ! Bonus ! Seems silly when I have my windows down though
 Fits as the original and rated at a higher filtration than the original filter . Helps with air conditioning and odors in the cabin .
 I like this cabin filter . It fits in the filter holder of the 2006 Highlander -LRB- base 4 cyl -RRB- , and seems to have more filter media than the original filter . However , the filter construction is different and , when I first took it out of the box , I did not think it would fit.The original filter has a thin horizontal border around the pleated filter media . The border fits under special bumps on the bottom of the filter holder . The Bosch filter does not have the thin border . Instead , it has vertical sides that are made of soft material . The filter fits under the bumps at the top of the filter holder and the soft sides fit against filter holder sides closing any gaps . Also , the Bosch filter has more pleats.After I replaced the original cabin filter -LRB- which was very dirty -RRB- with Bosch I could feel AC blowing stronger . I pulled the filter out after the installation to make sure that it did not shift after reinstallation , and it was sitting properly in its place . Overall , I am satisfied with this cabin filter .
 This is a civic service bumper sticker that reminds those driving behind you that they should not be talking on their cell phone -LRB- unless hands free -RRB- , doing their makeup or hair , or having breakfast , lunch , or dinner , while driving . Perhaps , some of the fools that do these things , while operating a potentially lethal weapon , will take heed . If so , this bumper sticker will have done its job .
 The bumper was exactly as stated . Installation was a snap - it was very easy to remove the damaged bumper and put on the new bumper , which fit perfectly . Every nut , bolt , bracket needed was provided - the bulbs for the license tag light were even included . Looks great . Thanks .
 Fit and finish on this bumper was great . Bumper came complete with mounting hardware and wiring kit for tag lights . Perfect fit , less than 2 hours to install .
 Looks as good as orginal if not better . The price was a lot lower then Ford OME . The fit was right on . Came with new brackets , light kit , nuts and bolts .
 Perfect fit , looks better than the original . Easy installation took about 30 minutes to install .
 on long trips this bugdeflector gives me peace of mind when traveling long distances which i do often . and gives me added protection when installed on my carbon hood . fitment is unmatched . and ease of installation was key for me since i was in a hurry and had to install it before hitting the interstate.GT Styling 71400S Smoke Bug-Gard Hood Deflector
 Excellent solution to the problem of bugs on the windshield , but also a good windshield protectant against small gravel and rocks dislodged from truck tire treads . Fits perfectly on my 1993 Honda Accord Coupe . I 'm Happy .
 Overall great bug deflector and smoked style is hot compare to clear.Shipping is also fast so guys do n't worry . Everything just went smooth.The only thing was just looking at the item on display of different vehicles other than your own.It would have been nice to have it .
 Nice package of brake shoe mounting and tension springs for my old -LRB- 78 -RRB- Ford F250 . Good price too . Beats the pants off of what the boyz at the parts counter wanted to charge me for at the local Ford dealer . Paid something like 9 dollars and change for the box of springs from Amazon . Bought a set of brake shoes too , looked them up on the website that made the shoes to make sure they were the correct fit . All is well that ends well.Regards , Pag
 I purchased this filter because I needed a new one and this one was almost as cheap as a regular replacement , so I went for the better quality product and I am very happy with it . I immediately noticed the difference in power and gas mileage . My Landcruiser is a 1993 and had n't had a replacement in a while , and this filter was a vast improvement . It was easy to install and seems to really help all the way around . I was worried because it seemed smaller than the filter I replaced with this , but I think the extra space around it allows for even better air flow . Ca n't beat it for the price .
 These covers were just what my 2000 Ford Ranger with 198,000 miles needed . The door side of the driver 's seat had been worn down from repeated ins and outs over the years while the rest of the truck is in very good shape . New seat covers would make a big difference and did . After installing , my only problem was the small cover that goes on top of the center console door . I tried a dozen times to get it on but it was just a bit too small . I called the seller who told me to call the manufacturer ; I felt a bit brushed off but I guess that was the best thing to do anyway . The manufacturer was great , asked me to measure my top and sent me two brand new covers , one with an elastic border and one similar to the one that comes with the set . The covers are machine washable and should last as long -LRB- or longer -RRB- than this truck 's lifetime .
 unable to use product but was able to return it . As with the first time , I did n't have a problem dealing with the product . I stop ordering from the site because I found the manufacturer and they sent the right product the first time .
 This is a very well made product . These spark plugs seem to last forever . I strongly recommend them for all gasoline machinery .
 I have a hard to start High-Wheel trimmer . For it to start I have to prime the carb twice as many time as the operating instructions indicate and pull start it multiple times.With the G3 Sparkplug , it starts better then when it was new on the first pull . I am putting them in all my power equipment .
 I bought this plug because I like to keep my grass long , and my Toro was having trouble when it got too long . This plug is absolutely amazing . I did n't notice any faster starts as my engine has always started fine , but I definately noticed the increased power . It no longer bogs down in the long grass . Well worth the money !!
 E3 .10 E3 Spark Plug with Diamond Fire TechnologyI am currently using a Diamond Fire , spark plug in an old lawn mower -LRB- Troy Built -RRB- , which I purchased in 1992 . Not only does the mower start faster , but it will now run on the low speed position . I thought that I was needing to overhaul the carburator , but that is no longer the case.Now I want to know if the Plug will live up to it 's lifetime warranty .
 I paid a lot for this spark plug , -LRB- & it has come down by half since I bought mine -RRB- , but it has worked flawlessly . I will buy more of this type of spark plug . John .
 Some reviewers have had issue with the length of the terminal . I replaced the sparkplug terminal with a longer one -LRB- from the original plug -RRB- and it works great .
 With the advertised technology of the e3 spark plug I decided to give them a try in my antique tractor . What a difference they made !! I had a problem with the engine hesitating between idle and full throttle ... no more . The engine seems to have a little more power and even starts easier . Highly recommended !!
 There a little pricey but they work well.Starts are easier ... only time will tell if they last .
 I have been using these spark plugs on Toro recyclers for years . They are wonderful ! In fact , they are better than the Toro Mowers !! And they have a lifetime warranty which will be honored at any auto parts store that carries them . Before I found these spark plugs , I was buying multiple Champion plugs at a time to keep my mowers running ! And Amazon has a wonderful price !
 I was thinking that if I stepped it up a notch -- got a better quality product , I would have a product that stayed on my seat better , but I am sewing extra elastic to the bottom so that hopefully the seat cover will stay put . The covers are well made and the fabric is good , but the straps do not hold the seat cover in place .
 nice accurate and works perfect my car run like a new ... the tempeture drops a lot almost 190 max from 215 - 220 nowsaving a lot of gas and the car run smooth . 1999 dodge truck
 Requires self adhesive snaps to be installed on the grill which are a little ugly when the cover is off . But at least you dont have to drill holes . The cord for my block heater can reach through one of the velcro flaps in the center.Appears reasonably durable too .
 Took a pair of these to the mechanic and had them put on . It 's been a good replacement and has lasted 3 years
 I am so glad I bought this clutch cable and the clutch kit . My clutch just went out in my car and the parts came just in time . I am really happy I bought this .
 1 '' bar gives a soild feel from my old 70 's mustang . I 'll think about upgrading the rear bar after this experience . Good bushing set and sturdy brackets .
 These towels work pretty good for cleaning oil off your tools . I bought these towels to mostly clean up minor spills like transmission fluid or oil but for that reason it worked great to me . I 'll definitely be buying more of these towels . Also wanted to mention i bought these towels through amazon so the price was great .
 They 're a little rough and the weave is coarse . Do n't use them to wash your face . I 've used them for wiping grease off things and to apply polishing compound . They did n't leave red lint as others have complained , but I rarely use them dry . I would n't use them to clean my vehicle , but for the price they 're good general purpose towels where paper is n't strong enough . When I need something to polish , I 'll buy actual microfiber cloths or cut up baby blankets from a thrift store .
 They are completely fine and do the job . All are square and keep their shape . I 'll buy again when it 's time .
 This item was used by someone else in our department . They asked me to order it for them , but your service was great , as usual ! : - -RRB-
 Not too much to say on this purchase . They are good towels that can be washed and reused . We use them at my plant for cleaning . We hang them up to dry and will wash them when needed .
 I must admit that I bought these towels thinking I 'd be able to use them to detail my car and my motorcycle because of the company name - Detailer 's Choice . Unfortunately , these towels are exactly as advertised - they are SHOP towels . They 're great for degreasing engines , wiping off tools , cleaning dirty equipment - stuff like that.Do NOT use these on your vehicles . I tried on one spot on my car , and they left red lint everywhere . I know , I know , the product name is `` Shop Towels '' so I should have known better , but I was hoping I could get away on the cheap and not have to buy microfiber cloths . I 've learned my lesson.As far as shop towels go , these are decent , but I 'd prefer something that did n't leave so much lint everywhere , even if all I 'm using them for is wiping down my wrench .
 They are shop towels , they work well for cleaning up spills , wiping hands and messes in general . they are machine washable .
 Do n't know why all the negative reviews . They are shop towels . They work just like any other red shop towels . Some of ya 'll are wanting detailing towels or something . These work just fine . Check oil , clean up oily messes and so on.Maybe they are a little cheaper made than some other shop towels I have had in the past but they are pretty good .
 What can you say about shop towels ? I got 25 of them for a reasonable price and they seem to be of good quality for what I use them for . Seller shipped quickly .
 Should be OEM with what cam in the car . I will change it come spring , and see how much dirt it grabbed over the winter .
 I landed this helmet in an XXL from Jafrum and could n't be happier . Padding is well made and not the cheap crumbly foam found in older helmets.Chin strap has an elastic guard to catch the overflow of the strap , preventing a chin beating at high speeds . The look matches the finish on my black Piaggio LT150 scooter . Love this helmet ! Price is right and DOT certified - ca n't lose !
 This helmet is comfortable and seems to be very well made . It is also priced pretty low ... so it is an overall great deal . Fortunately , I have n't had an opportunity to test its impact resistance , but it is DOT approved so I would say that is a good sign .
 This unit works exactly as described with excellent strap strength . It 's that simple !! A great buy , and great price .
 It looks , and fit alright . and I believed it lasted a bit longer than a stander one . I got a little more miles out of it before it was black oil .
 What can I say , it is an oil filter . It fit and seems to function well , at least the motor has frozen yet -LRB- just kidding to get the required number of words -RRB- .
 Looks and fits just like the Suzuki brand filters . A tad bit expensive , but not as bad as the OEM products .
 Not much more to say than they fit and they work . Fits in my 2003 suzuki savage . K&N has a great reputation and I trust them more than I trust the filters that can be found for about the same price at a superstore down the street .
 Works great on 2000 Honda Odyssey . Its a perfect fit . Accessing the filter is not to tough . Remove the glove box , cut the plastic cross bar , unscrew the metal cross bar and replace filter .
 this cabin filter was for a 2005 Honda Pilot . I did n't realize these things can be changed in a car , but I am glad I found it and changed it . I wish I could find the filter with the carbon on it but was n't able to do so anywhere on the internet . The bosch one is supposed to be very good . There is a honda pilot forum that will show you how to change it with pictures .
 This is a great filter and cheaper in price than I could find at any parts store . It 's a pain in the backside to install in a Honda Pilot however , but I got it done .
 It was easy to install . It has a heavy duty style look . The filter media seems thicker than other brands so I think the air particles can trap in the fitler rather than getting back inside the car . As overall , I think this is better filter than filters out there .
 The Bosch cabin filter I purchased and installed in my 07 Honda Pilot works well , and the construction seemed as good as the OEM part that came with the car . Check on-line forums on how to install the filter for your car - on the 2007 Pilot there is some cutting behind the glovebox -LRB- not unusual for Hondas -RRB- and `` tricks '' to doing it , but once you 've done it once , the next time is much easier !
 GOOD LAMPS ; LIGHTWEIGHT ; STRONG LIGHTING . BUT ISOLATION IS NOT ENOUGH ; I HAD TO USE SOME SILICONE AROUND THE GLASS FOR WATERPROOFING .
 Quick service and a good product , however these are only the front brake pads and so do n't think this are full set of brakes for both back and front
 Heli-coils are useful in a variety of situations . Normally I use them in aluminum where they are must haves . Most recently I used them in a wood project that has bolts loosened and tightened regularly . They provide stout threads in whatever they are used . Highly recommended
 This is great . I had been looking for these for 3 years . Original fit and look .
 Fram is a known name , I thought I got cheaper at Amazon but it turn out the auto part cheaper . If I would known that I would got it at the auto part store in my city . I wish amazon would charge lower price than auto part store . Product wise is good product . Thank you .
 There 's not much to say , buying online rather than in auto parts store is strictly a commodity price and convenience decision . Arrived on time , good price , appears to be genuine Fram filter . I particularly like the easy grip coating on these filters . Have not had to resort to oil filter wrench ever to remove one .
 Works well . I had it powering my laptop for over 24 hrs with no problems . The fan is noticeably lound , like a computer fan . If the power inverter is on when you start your car , the inverter will `` trip '' off .
 If you are looking for1 . Connecting multiple electrical devices in the car/van etc without having a cigar lighter connector for every device2 . Compact equipment to charge your batteries3 . Using laptops , cellphones , lights , charge camera/camcorder4 . Using it from cigar lighter and Battery directlyHere you have a simple , Cheap and effective solution . This worked for me good . My daughter loved it when she could use her laptop in the van during our 4 hours long drive last time . She could watch DVD , play games etc without any stopping for charging the battery etc. . . I liked this product and the price was good too .
 I got this to recharge batteries while camping out at a music festival . It worked like a champ . If there 's too much of a draw -LRB- like on say , an electric heating element -RRB- it just trips the breaker . Seems well made . I keep it in the truck . It seems like a better solution than lots of DC cigarette lighter adapters -LRB- particularly the Rio Karma adapter I bought off ebay which never worked -RRB- .
 Nice design , good qulity , easy to use . However , the cooling fan is noisy .
 I got mine in 2004 while trucking . Used it for everything from camping to travel . I have overloaded it , blown fuses , melted the plastic around the lighter socket adapter tip , used it in the rain with only a plastic shopping bag protecting it ... . Probably not so great for ventilation . Yes looking back on it now `` young and stupid '' comes to mind . This thing survived life on the road running my -LRB- year 2000 -RRB- desktop PC with the big old monitor until I could afford to buy a laptop . It survived the worst I could throw at it and the built in protections have done their job . Get some heavy duty wires for it and it will serve you well .
 this wo n't break down like other cheap inverters , great for using laptops in cars , definitely would recommend this to others
 This power inverter works great powering my laptop and charging my cell on road trips . It never overheats and the fan makes very little noise .
 This inverter has ridden around in my family van for about two years now . We originally got it for a New York to Florida family road trip . Our van has an auxiliary video input for the rear-seat DVD screen , so with AC power available on the inverter , the kids could use their game console as well , and that was a big hit with them . The inverter had no trouble powering any combination of two devices in the two outlets
 I bought this to recharge my laptop between uses while traveling from one point to another . It works perfectly with my laptop . Several things to note ; my laptop adapter draws more wattage than average , approx . 180W , which is the practical limit when using the lighter plug cable . Sometimes when I stop , the brake lights drop the voltage slightly and the alarm will beep , otherwise when driving it 's fine . My charging system and battery checked out OK , it 's simply drawing a lot of current through the lighter plug . If your laptop or other item pulls less than this , you 'll be fine , just be aware of this limitation with any inverter . Check your devices and add up how many watts you will need while driving , otherwise you will be limited to the battery clips to take advantage of the full 325W capacity .
 This inverter does exactly what it is supposed to . Runs fairly quiet -LRB- fan noise is not overbearing as in other units I 've tried -RRB- . The two outlets are convenient . One time I tried to use it when the thumbscrew on one of the terminals was inadvertently loosened by one of my children . It appropriately went into overload mode to prevent any damage to the videocamera I was charging . As soon as I tightened the thumbscrew , the inverter worked perfectly and charged the camera .
 We drove up to Canada , many hours in the car and with out this unit the trip would have been much longer . I was able to plug in my laptop and powered speakers and the kids watched DVDs the whole trip . Worked great ...
 works great . Used it for the summer while camping to run a small tv .
 I am most pleased with this fine inverter . Relatively small size , excellent quality , no problems -LRB- so far -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 The Idle Air Control valve -LRB- IAC -RRB- fixed my problem . It was delivered quicker than expected , arrived intact , was packed safely . The problem was stalling when at idle , and difficult starts . After removing the old IAC , I noted that the valve would stick , and did not travel freely , unlike the new IAC . The New IAC fixed the problem immediately , and was easy to install
 It is a beautiful helmet . Almost what was in the picture . The one in the picture has 5 snaps , mine has 3 . I use 5 snap flat face shields so I had to add two snaps . The fit is better than most . Only the bottoms of my ears get pinched . I am happy with the product , the price , and the speed of delivery .
 It 's a good basic 3/4 face helmet . Do n't be scared by the description saying `` Scooter '' helmet , it 's a standard DOT approved motorcycle helmet . Most people will want a face shield too though , unless you enjoy the taste of bugs .
 This product is great . Shipping was fast and the helmet was exactly as described . I 've been wearing it for a couple of weeks now and believe that I would trust it in an accident . Good company to do business with . I would order from them again . Keep up the good work everyone !
 It is a beautiful helmet . Almost what was in the picture . The one in the picture has 5 snaps , mine has 3 . I use 5 snap flat face shields so I had to add two snaps . The fit is better than most . Only the bottoms of my ears get pinched . I am happy with the product , the price , and the speed of delivery .
 It 's a good basic 3/4 face helmet . Do n't be scared by the description saying `` Scooter '' helmet , it 's a standard DOT approved motorcycle helmet . Most people will want a face shield too though , unless you enjoy the taste of bugs .
 This product is great . Shipping was fast and the helmet was exactly as described . I 've been wearing it for a couple of weeks now and believe that I would trust it in an accident . Good company to do business with . I would order from them again . Keep up the good work everyone !
 This review is n't about light output to avoid the ad naseum debates about how they only `` appear '' brighter . I went in knowing that these are not true Xenon lights , that they have an overdriven filament to compensate for the tint on the bulbs and thus will undoubtedly have a shorter lifespan , are considered `` rice '' , blah , blah ... All I can say is that I paid basically what a stock bulb costs -LRB- competiting popular brands sell for as much as three times and more the amount I paid -RRB- , so why not try them ? So far I am happy with them . And yes , they `` seem '' brighter . They are definitely `` whiter ' for sure .
 I bought these bulbs to use as high beams on an aftermarket HID projector kit I bought for my truck -LRB- the high beams on that particular model are halogen and are not projector -RRB- . These are exactly what I expected and well worth the $ 14 I spent on them . They are about as bright as a standard 65W high beam bulb . I say this because they are 100W -LRB- brighter -RRB- but they use a blue tint -LRB- which reduced light output -RRB- to reduce the yellow in the light and make them appear whiter . The result is a bulb which is about the same brighness , whiter , and a much shorter lifespan . I highly recommend carrying spares of these bulbs if you do n't want a ticket for driving with a headlight out . Also , while they are much whiter than regular halogen bulbs , they are not as white as my 6000k HIDs -LRB- which I also expected -RRB- . All in all , I got exactly what I expected plus spares for what I consider a very resonable price . For that reason I give these five stars .
 Are you looking for a distinctive look ? Better visibility ? These bulbs are great , they are very bright and provide a white yet slightly blueish glow . Only be careful that you do n't overload your electric system with the higher wattage , usually this is not a problem in cars , but in motorcycles it can be . Good luck .
 The box is good quality and the rivets are the same as you find at the hardware store . I did n't count but the box is totally full as in the picture . Fast shipping and good price .
 This was a great improvement for my older 98 Jeep GrandCherokee . I would suggest that everyone use this type of plug the improvement in my acceleration was quite noticeable .
 Install these in a 1996 jeep wrangler 4.0 . Noticed a gain in low end torque , . if it keeps up for the 5 year warranty its well worth the price
 Since trying these in my truck I have ended up installing them in everything I have that has spark plugs ! Not only do the work great in pick-ups , cars , and SUV 's but they also shine in boats and lawn equipment . My 19 foot runabout with a 165hp inboard MercCruiser engine has never run so good and the 30hp Johnson outboard on my smaller boat pull starts easier than ever . E3 plugs will be in all of my engines from now on !
 I have tried many 4 & 2 electrode spark plugs in platinum . But I find reliability in this particular brand spark plugs during heavy loads , such as going uphill and towing & hauling . Helped with acceleration and still performing very well . Got these at a great price from Amazon and was shipped promptly .
 It says `` in stock soon , first come first serve '' . I ordered these on May 26th . Amazon told me I will get them between the last week in June and the 1st week in July . It is now July 14th , and Amazon tells me I will get them in the middle of August now ! I am canceling my order and buying them somewhere else for $ 0.50 more . Amazon you suck ! Your the only site out-of-stock on these !
 I installed this on my 2002 Dodge Ram 1500 with 4.7 L V8 . Seems like rugged contruction . Pleasant tone , not too loud or raspy .
 If your looking for the sound of a trophy truck this is exactly what you want . I have a 2008 Chevy Silverado 1500 5.3 l V8 with a Cold Air K&N ; Intake . I did a cat back system with a straight turn down and it makes my truck roar like a beast.I suggest this muffler to anyone !
 This is the same filter I get from the dealer only is about half the price ! Since my wife and I both have 09 burgman 400 's it nice having filters at your door step for less than the cost of driving to a dealer and paying twice as much .
 Bought two of these for my AN400K7 burgman . The same price as one from my local dealer . They fit just like the OEM ones and from K&N reputation they are probably better . I will buy these again .
 Absolutely amazed that Amazon would have this product , but very gratified as well . When my light switch knob broke apart in my hands , I was working nights , and could n't get to a Ford dealership during business hours . This was just the thing for my 2002 F-150 . My Simcere thanks to the dealer for deciding to put his parts department on Amazon , and thank you Amazon for making a place for them !
 The Grip 14 '' magnet tray from Amazon.com is the perfect size to lay out parts as you disassemble & repair vehicles or anything else . It has three strong magnets to keep the parts in the tray and the tray attached underhood or anywhere else needed .
 Looks like the same magnetic tray that is branded for every other mediocre tool brand . Hard to screw up a magnetic tray though , so just buy for price ... this was the cheapest one I found . Pretty strong magnets , it holds a typical 1/2 '' ratchet and socket when the tray is vertical . No complaints yet .
 Amazing made finding thing for my car easy , prime made it even better when I received it fast and was able to quickly install it . . Love doing business here and the ability to find things quickly makes a huge difference
 This just what I was looking for , came in good shape , and on time . Thank you for the great service .
 Bought these for my 97 grand am . High quality for less than your run of the mill pads from the parts store . Very quiet .
 good stuff , great prices , fast shipper !!! Great customer service . . really got it to me in a timely fashion at the right price
 The system worked as advertised . It was delivered in a timely manner and in good shape . Will recommend this item to ther persons who are in search of a similar item .
 If you want to mount a jack in the bed of your truck , this product does it very well . As mentioned in other reviews , the lock is very cheap , however it is better than nothing and if you need strong security the lock can easily be replaced with a better one . I would recommend mounting it so as the hook for the jack foot is up against the cab and the hinged portion is mounted in the middle of the bed rail . This set up has worked well for me for the past two years .
 The main components of this device will perform adequately , but the lock is about as secure as a cotter pin . Well , the cotter pin would probably be more difficult to remove than the lock . The wing nut that was supplied with the device was not tapped correctly so the wing nut must be angled to start the threads , which in turn causes the nut to wobble as it is tightened .
 Well , installed these on the Finance 's 4runner , along with the AT Raybestos pads . Actually impressed with the stopping power , I thought the whole car was going to flip forward . Only time will tell if they will warp or not ... . the last set that was on there was BADDLY warped . Overall not too bad for the money.NOTE
 It does , in fact , produce perfect bead in alum . tube . I only wish it was longer so I could make two beads ... one a little deeper on the tube .
 This is the absolute best glass cleaner and polish I 've tried , and I 've tried many . Unfortunately , you get too little for too much money . Otherwise , it 's a 5 star product , instead of 41/2 . Easy on , easy off , no buffing needed , just let it flake , then wipe it off . The windows look like mirrors , a brilliant polish and clear view . But , add a few more ounces , Autoglym , or let us buy in bulk sizes .
 I really like this product , it does what it described to and does a great job with cleaning up the windshield and freeing it of tough to remove water spots , etc. . I really do n't have much to compare it to as I have never used a glass polish before . With that being said I would like to take this as an opportunity to clear some things up for some of you unfamiliar with glass `` polishing '' . In my experience the concept of polishing has always lead me to jump to the conclusion that it means the product will free your window or surface of light scratches and imperfections . Rather , this product is more or less in my opinion a `` heavy duty glass CLEANER '' . I am under the impression that if you are looking for an aggressive glass polish you need to use cerium oxide , which this product is not to be confused with.This is a great product when used as a follow up to `` regular '' glass cleaner . Due to the cost of this product as well as the amount you receive I would highly recommend using it sparingly/when necessary . Visibility has improved for me quite well . I would recommend following this product up with a window sealant such as rain-x or even a sealant-wax to get the most bang for your buck and enhance the length/duration your freshly `` polished '' windows will last before having to re-apply . This stuff smells strong . It is petroleum based and kind of smells like zippo lighter fluid so fair warning , do n't go sticking it too close to your nose to take a whiff ! Finally , tips as followed : The bottle suggests to use this `` polish '' exclusively to clean your windows ... It does n't specify whether or not you can use it with a buffer . I assume you could but considering this stuff does n't seem very abrasive at all I doubt it would be worth the time nor the pad . Here 's what I did . . Step 1
 I 'm a bit of a stickler for a good clean window . I replace my wipers as soon as they start dragging or squeaking , and part of a good windshield maintenance routine includes a good scrub every once in a while.This product is very easy to apply and the container I have has literally lasted me years . I do n't use it on any window but the front window . You 'd be amazed at the black grime you get off of the windshield!This product is very helpful to get rid of the `` waxy/greasy '' problem when driving in the rain , the wipers wipe and it glazes/smears . Using this product and cleaning or replacing your wiper blades right after will help you have a really good driving experience in the dry and in the rain .
 The Best glass cleaner I have ever used . I highly recommend this product . I have used Autoglym Car Glass polish on my car as well as around my home . -LRB- mirrors , windows etc. . -RRB-
 Before this , I thought Polishing glass by hand was n't possible . I used this stuff on my windshield , and it removed all of the fine scratches that were causing enough glare that I felt the car was unsafe to drive at night . It looked like a new windshield , frankly it was pretty amazing . So , the product works , but requires a good amount of patience and elbow grease . I polished mine with a very soft cloth for roughly two hours to get it to look like new .
 Okay , I 'm a fanatic about mt cars . I have a new Porsche , and although I do n't drive it in the rain that much , I recently got caught in a thunderstorm and had to turn the wipers on for the first time . They work properly , but after just a few minutes use , there 's a very slight trace of residue on the windshield from the wipers that you can see , especially when you wash the car . Run water on the glass , and you can definitely tell where the wipers ran.I 'm happy to say that Autoglym Polish was able to remove this residue without a lot of work . Before washing my car , I cleaned the glass , and then worked a small amount of Autoglym into it . It works much like a wax - dry to a haze and rub clean - and after two such treatments , no trace of the windshield wiper residue persists.Definitely worthwhile if you like to keep your glass as pristine as the rest of the car .
 This is the best glass wax I have very used and believe me I have tried them all . Leaves NO film windows come out like new .
 It is a beautiful helmet . Almost what was in the picture . The one in the picture has 5 snaps , mine has 3 . I use 5 snap flat face shields so I had to add two snaps . The fit is better than most . Only the bottoms of my ears get pinched . I am happy with the product , the price , and the speed of delivery .
 It 's a good basic 3/4 face helmet . Do n't be scared by the description saying `` Scooter '' helmet , it 's a standard DOT approved motorcycle helmet . Most people will want a face shield too though , unless you enjoy the taste of bugs .
 This product is great . Shipping was fast and the helmet was exactly as described . I 've been wearing it for a couple of weeks now and believe that I would trust it in an accident . Good company to do business with . I would order from them again . Keep up the good work everyone !
 great quality compared to my prior keychains that have fallen apart ... did n't rate it a full 5 stars only because the price with shipping was a bit pricey ...
 this bag is brilliant . I selected it because it has a nice look , air vents and etc. I keep a Carey Hart One Industries motocross helmet inside . my only concern is that the bag is a tad tight/small and the peak/sun shield above the face portal only just fits inside the bag - zip and cover of bag is very close to top of the helmet ... why ?? it 's a medium sized helmet - and smaller than other designs like Thor Force helmet!but nice bag - lovely design and materials . Has two external zipped pockets outside for goggles or Carefree liners -LRB- tip
 The window regulator with motor was a perfect fit . Installation was straight forward and easy . The packaging also included replacement panel clips incase you broke some while removing the door panel !
 My husband and I repaired the window motor in my '98 Olds Intrigue with this product . Works like a charm now ! The only reason I did not give 5 stars is the lack of instructions for installation . We did find a terrific video online that helped us complete the project -LRB- with only one leftover screw -RRB- in less than two hours .
 Item was promptly delivered and arrived in excellent condition . Price was very competitive and it felt great to have the item delivered to my door , allowed me to do the work myself , and feel great about it because my window once again rolls down due to my elbow grease PLUS I saved lots of $ $ $ doing it myself . AMEN !
 If you 're familiar with these window regulators , you know that it is n't very difficult to make a part that 's better than what comes from the factory.However , the Dorman regulator is very high quality . This is n't a cheapy piece
 Howdie , The window regulator was a perfect match and works very well . Went in easy and mounted as good as the original . Highly recommended .
 Item was as stated and a fair price . Service exceptionally fast . Item arrived 26 hours after ordered . We were able to get the window working for 1/5 of the price of the auto shop quote .
 Dorman 's OE Solutions do the trick every single time . Another reliable Amazon vendor selling a product that works . Do n't be deterred by Taiwanese make . Absolutely perfect solution for inadequate original .
 This is a truely awesome product ! Sure , you have to treat it nice , but nothing is going to shine like this ! Unless you 're going to have a small air cover do n't bother with the endurashine carb , just get this intake and a few other pieces and you 'll have people staring at your engine like it 's a giant jewel !
 This was a great buy for a very nice intake manifold . Great doing business with Amazon .
 I had a regular Edelbrock intake manifold on the 350 Chevy in my 49 Chevy Pickup.The heat and engine compartment grime gave it an off color look.So far the EnduraShine has been nice and sparkely -- makes the engine look spiffy -- i highly recommend it as an upgrade from the standard unit .
 I service my own vehicles , and the 2007 Dodge Nitro that this is used on has very limited accessibility to the oil filter -LRB- the frame and a crossmember restrict available space -RRB- . The friction surface on the filter makes hand installation -LRB- and removal after 5,000 miles of use -RRB- relatively easy , and should the filter be overtorqued at installation , a filter wrench can also be applied to facilitate removal .
 Excellent product ! The casting was flawless as this is on an engine with a lot of bling and it is also performing well .
 Made in USA , high quality and fantastic price . Overall great construction and feels well built . Used in a 99 Durango with a 5.9
 I get a very nice spark with this plug on my 67 Mini Cooper . It keeps clean requiring little maintenance . I did need to gap it so make sure you have a gapping tool - they are very inexpensive.I 'm unsure why this is called a `` Pack of 1 '' , and so for the sake of clarity - you get a single plug with the order and not the box of 4 that you sometimes see in stores.Very satisifed with the purchase . Prime eligible makes this very affordable .
 I used this as a replacement spark plug for my 1977 Honda XL75 . It fit perfectly and the bike runs just fine .
 This spark plug is very good and order came ontime . Now a days generator is a must because weather is changing and power outrage is so often
 Using this on my 1973 Honda CB350 and it is working great . Great power and I have never had any problems with them .
 Bought this for a 1994 Club Car DS . Works great . Shipped quick as always . Tough item number to find out there .
 There 's no excuse not to use high quality parts when you can find them at great prices on Amazon.com . I tried using another manufacturer 's `` equivalent '' , but it just did n't deliver the spark that the original NGK plug did in my little ATV . The `` other '' plug was brand new . In fact I had ordered two and tried them both . Neither would fire the engine . When I plugged in the NGK , the engine fired up on the first kick . I 'm sold and think you will be too !
 Ngk makes great products and plugs . I have never had any problems . I will keep buying their products year after year .
 I purchased these for my Harbor Freight 950 watt generator , they were a two pack and the price was super , the shipper had them in the mail the day I ordered them . For this Thanks , now one is running the generator when I need it and I have a spare . Good stuff
 Bought these for a '82 Kawasaki KZ440 and they worked perfect . They were clean and were gapped correctly . The best part is that the terminal connectors can screw off -LRB- this was needed for my bike -RRB- . The B7ES plugs -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- I purchased from Walmart do not screw off and I wasted my money on them . Glad I found these on Amazon & with free shipping it was practically a steal . Very happy .
 I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner at a good price.Thanks you , John
 Parts arrived very soon after order . They have not been installed yet , but appearance is excellent .
 This is a good plug . I got it to replace a cheaper plug on a small motorcycle and it fired right up and worked great .
 This plug worked fine but on the first use my son crashed his scooter and fractured his hip on the maiden voyage with it . He is selling the scooter . But , hey , the plug really worked great !
 I looked everywhere for these plugs . And they were so expensive . Finally found them here at a great price . Thanks .
 I use these type for an off-brand motorcycle , and I am glad that Amazon had them in stock . They are a great value for their price and again the availability will make me a repeat customer for the product . As for the performance , my bike runs fine , so I have no complaints .
 purchased these plugs for my 1995 R100 Mystik BMW motorcycle . I have never had a problem with them , work great and last for a long time . In fact the only reason I had to replace them was that somebody stood on my bike and broke one .
 Does everything a sparkplug should do for a good price . I used this in my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 . Shipped quickly .
 Fast shipping and fits my '79 XS1100 Special . Runs great now . Plug was gapped perfectly upon receipt , lucky or coincidence , I do n't know , but it was . Thanks again Amazon .
 Ordered this for my kids Hammerhead GTS 150 buggy with a GY6 150CC engine . The go cart dealers all wanted almost triple what I found these for here on Amazon . With my prime membership they shipped 2 day for free . These plugs install and work just like the original .
 Just what my bike needed and at a price I could not find in the stores . Worth every dime .
 ... I somehow ordered the wrong spark plugs . I got the same number from my old ones and somehow managed to order different ones . Yeah ... oh well , these are cheap , only out a few burritos.Product is great .
 This window regulator appears to be well constructed . It was a perfect fit for my Acura CL and was easily installable . Amazon seems to offer the best price on this unit .
 The product and service was excellent . It was easy to replace in my acura and it works very well now
 Dorman 741-715 Acura/Honda Driver Side Front Power Window Regulator with MotorExact fit-Easy install 2 hours - Read many reviews and checked out u tube for install advise . Amazon was very competitive on price and I received product in ONE day .
 I 've used gaskets from various manufacturers include Fel-Pro and I can say they make a good gasket . All rubber gaskets will fail at some point in their lifespan while in use and I do not have enough mileage on my vehicles to know which gasket is better . I can say that this set was complete and even took some effort for me to change the gasket ring around the spark plugs . Overall good quality and the head cover leak is no more .
 I got the wrong one at first -LRB- I have a 2 door coupe , got the one for 4 door sedans -RRB- . Amazon 's easy return and replace system is excellent . The right one fit just like the factory original but looks beefier .
 It is a beautiful helmet . Almost what was in the picture . The one in the picture has 5 snaps , mine has 3 . I use 5 snap flat face shields so I had to add two snaps . The fit is better than most . Only the bottoms of my ears get pinched . I am happy with the product , the price , and the speed of delivery .
 It 's a good basic 3/4 face helmet . Do n't be scared by the description saying `` Scooter '' helmet , it 's a standard DOT approved motorcycle helmet . Most people will want a face shield too though , unless you enjoy the taste of bugs .
 This product is great . Shipping was fast and the helmet was exactly as described . I 've been wearing it for a couple of weeks now and believe that I would trust it in an accident . Good company to do business with . I would order from them again . Keep up the good work everyone !
 This looks to be an OEM product . It said made in Japan , and looks just like the OEM one . Fit perfect , and have n't had any problems . Does not come with grommets , and I do n't think the Beck Arnley grommets are after market . I did n't need the grommets , so this was perfect for me .
 Three of the 4 power windows on my 2001 Buick LeSabre stopped working within about 3 months of each other . A quote from the local dealership was $ 300 to fix each window . That is far too much money to spend on a dated vehicle . After searching the web , I found replacement regulator 's ran from $ 35 to $ 150 . All the regulator pictures seemed to look alike . So why did I choose Dorman 's regulator . If you research the company 's products , you find a large selection of aftermarket products for older vehicles . They offer a warranty with their products and the reviews seemed to be positive . This regulator fell within the midrange in pricing . I paid more because of the warranty . If a company warrants their products , they stand behind them.The unit came as advertised ; `` all parts and accessories included '' . All nuts and bolts were included . Most of the installation time was spent removing the door panel and weather protection . The unit fit perfectly . No modification was necessary , the 3 bolts matched the manufacture 's holes . The electronic plug was a perfect fit . Instructions were supplied which made the replacement easy and hassle free.The unit worked right away . When operating , the window goes up and down in a nice fluid motion . The motor sound is a little louder than the original equipment , but I find this a positive . Maybe this new unit will outlast the car . I highly recommend Dorman 's replacement solutions for the do-it-yourselfer .
 The price was was good and they had fast service . Product is as described , Will use again if and when I need the product .
 It was a little scary ordering something like this hoping it would fit and be in good condition . This product was exactly the part needed and has worked perfectly .
 Saved alot of money buying the Dorman Power Window unit . Husband installed it himself . Works smoothly with no problems at all . Unit was delived within a week which was nice . Did not realize how often I upped and downed my car window until it was out of order . Will definitely order another of these if another window fails .
 Nothing fancy , just the part needed to fix our window.Best part , great price on amazon . The out-of town mechanic wanted $ 350 . for the part ! -LRB- not including labor -RRB- . I paid about $ 63 . here and had my local mechanic fix it when I returned home .
 Exact replacement , best price in or out of my county . I prefer to buy local , but all my local retailers were more than twice the price on the identical part . Takes about 1hr from start to finish to swap one of these out .
 Being a LeSabre owner , I 've had to replace all four window regulators before . The plastic piece that holds the window regulator cable in the OEM window regulators are junk . The plastic fatigues over time and finally snaps leaving the customer with an $ 800 fix if you go to the dealer . The two different after market window regulators were both superior to the OEM parts.I 've become proficient at installing these . I was able to peel off the door panel , install this , and put the car back together in less than an hour . If this is your first , I 'd budget two hours to fumble through . I 'd use duct tape or plastic clamps to hold window in the up position as I take the old regulator out and put the new one in . Take your time with a long screw driver or pry bar to slowly pop out all the door clips and do n't force it off . These clips can break easy . Once you have the new regulator in , actuate the motor up until it 's about to cradle your glass . Release your glass and tighten the nuts that hold the glass . I believe someone posted an install guide on Youtube , but I ca n't remember.The only thing that could make it better is if Dorman included replacement door clips to insure the panel goes on like the car was new . I was careful not to break them so it was not a problem on this one . On the passenger side , I had to buy some from a body shop to complete my re-assembly . The product is sturdy , much sturdy than the cheap-o ones I got from Malaysia last time .
 My front driver-side window on a 2000 Buick Lesabre Custom stopped working . As I have read it is due too a faulty cable on the original motor/regulator assembly . Dealerships and auto shops are very expensive to have this fixed $ 450 - $ 550 . I shopped around on internet and got a fair price here at Amazon as the description of the part stated `` NEW . '' Be careful with other cheaper pricing on other websites , part may not be new.Anyway , I ordered the assembly at 3pm and next day I had it in my hands by 12 noon . I again browsed the internet for some instructions on how to get the old assembly out and install the new one . Easy stuff !! I spent 1 hr working on it and my power window is working like it should.Only question I have is , What is the warranty on this part ?? I went to the -LSB- ... -RSB- website and still have not found an answer . Will keep investigating .
 installed easilysaved money my shop charges $ 370 per windowwaiting to see how it holds uplast one -LRB- shops -RRB- lasted less than 2 yrs
 works great , makes a huge difference on long rides on my rear end . i plan on buying another one .
 I am not a big expert on helmets , but the thing that absolutely works for me is the price and i hope i will never find out if it 's as strong as other helmets . The only things that bothers me is the fact that the padding is too thick or the helmet is too shallow as a result it sits a bit high on your head .
 This is a nice helmet at a sensible price . It is solidly made , amply padded etc. . But I did pull one of the snaps completely apart just trying to remove the visor to replace it with a visor/face shield . That could have been stronger ! I would have rated it a five but for that . I managed to solder the pop rivet type of male snap back together and am able to use the helmet . In general it is a dandy basic , do the job , conservatively styled helmet . Just my cup of tea . I would buy the version with the face shield to start with the next time .
 While I personally prefer a full-face helmet to one of these chic scooter-style , open ones , it 's a good buy for my passenger who keeps their face in my shoulder most of the time ! DOT label is protected by a leather flap in the back of the helmet . Good quality and very affordable .
 I purchased the HCI 10 helmet primarily to appease my wife . I was n't expecting much for $ 29.00 , was I ever surprised by the comfort and fit . I will not hesitate to purchase from this vendor in the future.As the title says you do n't always get what you pay for ... Sometimes you get more !
 Not only did it arrive on time , but it was in perfect condition and well packaged . I greatly enjoyed the product . Looking forward to any future purchases with Jafrum . Thank you bunches .
 Fit my 89 comanche perfect . I 'm using a rusty 's track bar , but they use factory bushings . It allowed me to increase the bolt size too . Best part this completely eliminated the coined `` death wobble '' . Would buy this again and recommend to anyone with a factory track bar or rusty 's bar as the rubber is just too flexible if you have a lifted jeep , even more so if you 're running over sized tires .
 Very nice wheel . Perfect reacement for demanding customer . Installed on 2004 wrx with exedy clutch and ride is far better than used to be . Installation fas easy and smooth . Revs go up nuch faster now but need to feel it as its easy to kill the engine . Would recomend
 I have a 2003 Maxima GLE and this was a perfect fit . It took about 45 minutes to install and runs quiet and smooth . Cheap price , easy installation , highly recommended .
 I 'd been looking all over for this particular key chain and was pleasantly suprised to find such a high quality , affordable item that arrived quickly . This made a great Father 's Day gift !
 I order this to go with a `` Scosche EAFH Single AGU Fuse Holder '' . It appears to fit fine . I have n't tested it any more than that yet .
 I am not a big expert on helmets , but the thing that absolutely works for me is the price and i hope i will never find out if it 's as strong as other helmets . The only things that bothers me is the fact that the padding is too thick or the helmet is too shallow as a result it sits a bit high on your head .
 This is a nice helmet at a sensible price . It is solidly made , amply padded etc. . But I did pull one of the snaps completely apart just trying to remove the visor to replace it with a visor/face shield . That could have been stronger ! I would have rated it a five but for that . I managed to solder the pop rivet type of male snap back together and am able to use the helmet . In general it is a dandy basic , do the job , conservatively styled helmet . Just my cup of tea . I would buy the version with the face shield to start with the next time .
 While I personally prefer a full-face helmet to one of these chic scooter-style , open ones , it 's a good buy for my passenger who keeps their face in my shoulder most of the time ! DOT label is protected by a leather flap in the back of the helmet . Good quality and very affordable .
 I purchased the HCI 10 helmet primarily to appease my wife . I was n't expecting much for $ 29.00 , was I ever surprised by the comfort and fit . I will not hesitate to purchase from this vendor in the future.As the title says you do n't always get what you pay for ... Sometimes you get more !
 Not only did it arrive on time , but it was in perfect condition and well packaged . I greatly enjoyed the product . Looking forward to any future purchases with Jafrum . Thank you bunches .
 Yakima stuff is crazy priced ... but if you want to do it right , Buy these . They came with all the clips , rubber pads , and rub guards . They also came with all the measurements need for my car . Great buy !
 These are exactly what they are made for . Integrate into the Q towers to help the rack fit your specific car . Got ta have them with your system . Fits my Honda civic perfectly . Good sturdy and strong piece .
 It stays put very well , and it allows for a wide array of adjustment . What else could you ask for ?
 Yakima sells great fitting products such as the recent q-clips for my 9-5 Saab . Amazon is the best place to purchase mostly anything as their discounts and free ship is awesome !
 Have a 2001 VW Jetta - these fit perfectly , and easy to install / remove .
 I bought these clips for my 2003 Chevy Venture , and they work just great for my Yakima car top carrier . Just make sure you match the make and model of your vehicle with the correct Q-Clips .
 Love the yakima system . Installation instructions are easy to follow and the clips make a solid connection to my van . I 'm securely hauling kayaks and other gear .
 This part worked perfectly and was in excellent condition . Shipped fast and will definitely order more in the future !
 as with all Yakima products , this one is also great , fitment is fantastic and i have not had any problems at all . another good job Yakima !
 I have had the Q-tower system for a number of years , through three different vehicles . All in all a great rack system , except for two items
 You need 2 sets of these ` Yakima Q Clip Sets ' and the corresponding ` Yakima Roundbars Roof Rack Cross Bars ' -LRB- check your vehicle dimensions for the proper lengths -RRB- , if you are planning to install a ski rack or any type of enclosure unit . I had these installed professionally for a little bit more money , and it was worth avoiding the hassle . They come with an extra set of keys and are very strong . They are simple and sleek . Definitely a ` must have ' for a truck owner .
 This Yakima roof rack system works great and I highly recommend it . I bought one for my Mazda 3 and have used it , along with a Yakima roof rack for 2 cross country ski trips -LRB- I live a Florida , skiing is far away -RRB- . The rack has n't shifted an inch and was relatively easy to install . Yakima has a product guide on their site to make sure you order the right pieces for your model car .
 The custom Q clips made for a really good fit on my 05 Toyota Prius.Only complaint is that these did n't come with the same feet as the Q124 's that I have on the Rear . The feet on those are half cut so they fit in the rain gutter and are much easier to setup .
 I received an old Yakima sytem previously used on a huge car . I drive a little BMW and really needed a carrier for my mountain bikes , kayaks , etc. . I was excited to get the whole system but quickly discoved the clips which secure the system to the car were not going to work . After a bit of research I found these clips on Amazon and ordered them right away . The arrived quickly and are the same durable quality you would expect from Yakima . I was able to assemble the carrier system and mount it securely to the roof of my small BMW 323i . Without these clips the system would have been useless to me and still be sitting on the floor or my garage . In the future when I change cars all I 'll need to do is change clips and the Yakima system will stay with me forever . Great product !
 Clips fit on my Tacoma perfectly . It came with new plastic pads which fit perfectly . Now I can mount my yak .
 Bought these clips for my 97 Honda Civic . Easy to install and my rack stays secure while hauling two bikes . Very pleased .
 Bought separately to be use on my Yakima Towers installed on a Honda CRV 2012 . Well packed and a great product .
 I could not find this in previous reviews , and the product information on this was less than helpful . I ended up buying one box because it was not clear to me how many clips came in a box . The answer is two - at least for the Q128 . I have n't installed on my VW CC yet , as I now have an order in for a second box . Anyway - submitted this feedback to Amazon . Note that the box clearly indicates a pair once you get it ; however the generic picture on the site does n't -LRB- understandably you get a generic image since there are a multitude of models -RRB- .
 This Yakima roof rack system works great and I highly recommend it . I bought one for my Mazda 3 and have used it , along with a Yakima roof rack for 2 cross country ski trips -LRB- I live a Florida , skiing is far away -RRB- . The rack has n't shifted an inch and was relatively easy to install . Yakima has a product guide on their site to make sure you order the right pieces for your model car .
 They fit ! Now I can carry all kinds of crazy stuff on the roof of my car !! Shipping was fast and installation was easy .
 The Q78 clips worked perfect for my Subaru Impreza WRX . They work exactly as intended . The only complaint I have is that it 's not the best setup , since it does do a little skuffing to the factory molding . These clips did include anti abraisive strips , but they do n't hold up if you 're constantly taking them off and putting them back on like me.These worked for me .
 Not much to say about these , They are clips and they fit . They also come with a protective sticker that you put on the end of the clip to protect the paint on your car . It works great and I do n't have any scratches .
 Q-clips are the piece that ties a Yakima tower to your car . These are well made and fit perfectly on my new/old 2001 Nissan Frontier King Cab .
 This is why I shop on Amazon . For great prices on items that are n't always the easiest to find . I am extremely happy with my purchase of the Yakima Q127 clips . Came with everything needed to mount my Yakima Q towers . Glad they came with directions !
 Three-week road trip and we had no problems . Our son 's Yakima roof top system is normally configured for his Jetta . We bought the clips to reconfigure for our Prius . However , we subsequently decided we did n't need it despite the extra stuff we would be carrying with us . While packing the car it became apparent that , while we could get everything in , unpacking at motels was going to be a real pain . So , at the very last minute , we decided to do the reconfigure . Even though we had no instructions for the operation and had to do a little experimenting , the reconfigure went well and only added about 30 minutes to our departure time . Good job , Yakima . And breakfast was good too .
 These devices are simple and to the point . The only thing i wish Yakima would improve is for them to add a rubber coating so that you do n't have metal on metal contact . They do offer a little piece that attempts to do this but does n't appear to be durable . Overall , no problems .
 First of all , Yakima makes great products , en par -LRB- if not better -RRB- than Thule . That 's why I bought their towers , clips and the corresponding cross bars for my 2005 Ford Focus ZX4 ST , in conjunction with their FatCat 6 ski/snowboard mount.The only two issues I had were as follows :1 -RRB- Both crossbars , when installed according to the exact specifications , display a slight downward warping/sloping between each two towers . I reached out to Yakima 's excellent customer service , and after they checked with their fit team , I was assured that this is quite normal for some car models , depending on a variety of installation variables . This put me at ease , and , functionally , there is nothing wrong with them and the sloping does n't bother me anymore .2 -RRB- The recommended distance between the front towers and the rear towers is only 20 inches for my car model . This is quite a short distance , and it makes putting long skis on the ski mount difficult . No problem for snowboards , but skis have been an issue for me . Yakima customer service insisted that I should not deviate from the recommended 20 inch distance , and recommended that I should be using their stretch kit if I require a wider space between the front and rear . This kit costs upwards of 100 dollars and looks a little bit like a kludge to me.My recommendation is to download the installation and fitting instructions for your car model first to see what the distance between the front and rear towers -LRB- and , consequently , the crossbars -RRB- will be , to see if it fits your needs . I would say that 20 inches is the absolute minimum , and does n't work for all purposes.Hope this helps someone . Rest assured that whatever issue you might be having with Yakima products , their superb customer service will be getting it right for you . At least that was my experience .
 Yakima makes good products and these prove that out . Easy to install , the painted finish is nicely applied , and they are well engineered .
 Inherited a rack , but needed to swap out the clips for it to work with my vehicle . Clips are not the easiest to remove and the protective `` sticker '' like pad does not stay on well . However , as long as you are careful , they just work . Have not had any issues with them holding the rack to my car .
 I 've used Yakima and Thule racks in the past and there is very good reason why these two manufacturers have no major competition besides each other . I only install my Yakima rack when I need to carry something , and the installation is fast and secure .
 The clips fit really good with my GTI . Easy to install . Will recommend to anybody looking to purchase this item .
 Good secure fit for front rack over front doors . Used rail mount for rear bar . Roof rails on Equinox are short so I useing the Q132 clips mad it possible to spread the two racks farther apart .
 These clips fit perfect on my 08 VW Passat . They came with really clear instructions and hold the rack in place very well .
 I tried using the clips for my old car on my new car . Dumb !!! Did n't fit snugly and made dents when I tried to tighten down.The new clips made just for my car work 100 % . Not cheap , but who wants cheap when you are exposed to mishaps on the road ? Great company ! Great product ! Great customer service !!
 These were purchased for a 2004 ford taurus . The rack with 4 bikes has not fallen off yet . I would recommend this to a friend .
 I recently purchased this clip to moumt a Curtis roof rack on top of our 2007 Mitsubishi Galant . Loaded the rack with at least 100 pounds of cargo and took it for a 1200 mile road trip . The clip never gave a hint of budging and was as solid as a rock throuout the entire trip . The hardware was easy to install and removes even quicker !
 Yakima is a rip off , but if you want the best , you have to pay for it . These clips and grips work well with my Yakima rack . Saved a lot of money by buying them on Amazon as opposed to a big box outdoors store .
 Easy to set the system up . follow closely the info supplied . works great ! would advise to get the wind deflector to reduce noise and drag .
 I needed these to mount a set of Q-towers on the rain gutters of my Jeep XJ . They came with the rubberized stick-on pouches to protect the paint on my gutters and fit the towers like they were made to . The rubber feet for the towers fit well and seem to have a good contour to match the roof under the towers . I have not noticed any durability issues . Best price I could find anywhere .
 I have qustion is this item have world cherokee in the chrom or we dont have any world in the itemI mean this item is this clear or have print chrokee inside
 Awesome pedals . Wired nicely and easy to go on ! dont get wet though , they shut off but come back on when dry , stupid snow !
 These were shipped very quickly . The fuses are just as described and a great price . The local auto parts shop had a limited supply -LRB- 1 -RRB- at a pretty high price !
 Just a fuse . Works like a fuse should , not too big , not too small , just right.Fits , looks good , it is after all , a fuse .
 I am not a big expert on helmets , but the thing that absolutely works for me is the price and i hope i will never find out if it 's as strong as other helmets . The only things that bothers me is the fact that the padding is too thick or the helmet is too shallow as a result it sits a bit high on your head .
 This is a nice helmet at a sensible price . It is solidly made , amply padded etc. . But I did pull one of the snaps completely apart just trying to remove the visor to replace it with a visor/face shield . That could have been stronger ! I would have rated it a five but for that . I managed to solder the pop rivet type of male snap back together and am able to use the helmet . In general it is a dandy basic , do the job , conservatively styled helmet . Just my cup of tea . I would buy the version with the face shield to start with the next time .
 While I personally prefer a full-face helmet to one of these chic scooter-style , open ones , it 's a good buy for my passenger who keeps their face in my shoulder most of the time ! DOT label is protected by a leather flap in the back of the helmet . Good quality and very affordable .
 I purchased the HCI 10 helmet primarily to appease my wife . I was n't expecting much for $ 29.00 , was I ever surprised by the comfort and fit . I will not hesitate to purchase from this vendor in the future.As the title says you do n't always get what you pay for ... Sometimes you get more !
 Not only did it arrive on time , but it was in perfect condition and well packaged . I greatly enjoyed the product . Looking forward to any future purchases with Jafrum . Thank you bunches .
 I would recommend this product . Went on fairly easy and had a good solid feel and look to them . Only thing left to do is to see how long they hold up .
 This gasket is a direct oem fit on the Nissan/Datsun L28E or L28ET engine . My car has no more valve cover leaks . I used this Beck Arnley gasket with some Permatex Ultra Black Maximum Oil Resistance RTV Silicone Gasket Maker . This Beck Arnley gasket is in my opinion better than the Felpro gasket .
 Yup , its a fuse ... did n't come blown , and did n't blow when only 50 amps when through it , so I guess its works ? have n't pushed 200 amps through it , so I cant comment on that .
 This Fuses are ok and a great price I use them for my 1600 AMP Hour backup battery bankand 2300 watt power inverter for my house .
 If I had known these fuses would lead to my arrest and subsequent weekend in the Maricopa County `` jail '' I would have never bought them . Just kidding , it was actually the Pima County jail.They 're fuses . They 'll hopefully blow up before my car burns down . If my car burns down I 'll let you all know . They were the cheapest ones and that 's what I look for most in fuses . What else is there to say ?
 Nothing too difficult here . I 've used it for months without problem . It does what fuses do generally - not much of anything -LRB- which is good -RRB- ! Have not had an occasion when it should have blown but did not .
 came early and is high quality -- ty -- very good item - will order again if i ever need another - keep up the good work
 Looks very sturdy and has not blown as of yet . Does look to be gold plated and hope it will do the job that I am asking it to do .
 I have not had any occasion to use these fuses , but they appear to be well-made and worth the cost .
 i ve been using this fuse for the past few months and i havent had a poblem with it yet , of course , i havent exeed 200 amps . It is designed to be blown if you have a short or if you go over the capacity rate . i really like the golden ends of the fuse may be to prevent oxidation or rust . I went to a local chain store and it is more expensive than amazon even paying the shiping still cheaper !!!! very good product i really recomend this type of fuse
 as advertised , hope when it 's needed it works as expected.I will never run power cables with out some form of protection for my solar system .
 I had the normal fuses installed on my sound system in my car when one day my system stopped working . its time to investigate ... the first thing I do is check the fuses and i opened my hood of the car just the see that my normal fuse and fuse holder MELTED !! so i said to myself its time to get a anl fuse and fuse holder . ive had this in my car for a month now and i have not had any problems yet but we will see in the future . it didnt make a difference in sound but Im just hoping it doesnt melt like my previous fuse holder . .
 A fuse is a fuse at this price I can afford to blow them wile playing with my truck three battery and inverter setup , used for running my 120ac power tools .
 For safety and convince . Something one should have when connecting and using electrical parts . My battery charging system will not require this much amp . but then I do plan to add more solar panels in the future that could . Came on due date and in good shape . Thank you .
 i dont know much of anything about fuses so dont take what i sy too heavily ... but it seems well made ... has a nice heft to it . . more than youd think of such a small item ... i put it in my scoshe fuse box and it fit nice and snug ... lets hope it lasts awhile ; -RRB-
 Works Well . I Used It On My Three Amps And It Gives What I Need For Power . I Would Recommend this product to anyone who needs an ANL fuse .
 Ordered this unit as `` used '' but it arrived unopened except it was missing the instructions ; since I already knew what I was doing this was of little concern . Installed the unit in our son 's car and it worked perfect . The unit arrived on time as ordered .
 great fit . . although display picture wrongprice a little high althoughhighly recommend sell with associated hanger ... I need to order it when I get rid the old one , found it completely rusted
 I had been having back problems all summer . I bought this back rest and put it on and then took off on a 4,300 mile road trip . I did n't have any back pain on the whole trip . It made it so much easier to ride and is so much more comfortable to ride . I would highly recommend this to anybody with back problems that wants to ride .
 Not much to say , good product , great price and very fast delivery . Works perfect in my application and it is a good looking product overall ! I have purchased several other products from Raptor , and for the price they always deliver value . I would defiantly recommend this product !
 Plain and simple , the fuse either works or it does n't . So far so good , the fuse has not fail me yet . -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- I 'm happy with what I have gotten for my solar project .
 These are high quality ANL fuses . You ca n't go wrong here . I also bought the 200amp ANL fuse pack and the Raptor brand fuses really are high quality ! Why spend a fortune on the brand names when you can get these for less ?
 works to protect my solar power battery system , off grid . The size is right for the purpose , and will protect all the elements down stream .
 No more and no less , this is exactly what I was looking for my solar panel battery circuit , look profesional and work profesional
 Bought for my Jeep to protect my hi amp alternator . Good product at a good price ! Goes with the Scosche fuse holder
 If the women dont find you handsome , they better find you handy . I 've always go for handy . Long live the possum lodge . Its the best !!!
 This fuse was needed to install an inverter system for emergency power outages . We had 4 different utensils plugged in and the fuse did not blow !
 How do you review a fuse that has n't blown ? I guess that means it 's either working or it 's not . Hope I never find out .
 This product works perfect ... just as described . Quality is great . Shipped fast . I would buy this again . Overall , would recommend this again .
 Works great ! You get five 80A fuses for around $ 7 . Radio Shack only sells 20A , and you only get one for $ 10 . Great product !
 This product was a great buy . Not only did it ship quickly but it also arrived undamaged . Thanks for the fuses they realy helped out .
 I have this in an Inline fuse going to a 1000W amplifier and it has yet to give out . It has been installed for almost a year now and I have not had to replace it . Good solid quality also .
 Great all purpose cleaner , streakfree and foaming on glass , great on cabinets and furniture , even works well on leather -LRB- not patent -RRB- , clean jewelry , and much more have used this product for 10 years .
 bought these for my father in-laws truck his was broke he had looked ever were and said nobody had them so i told him i would look on amazon and i found this mirror for his truck and a great price bought it and it fits perfect you have to love amazon
 The requirement for long winded review is a pain in the neck and I will do no more because of it ! The requirement for long winded review is a pain in the neck and I will do no more because of it !
 Good for using with a lead acid battery and inverter system . A bit of jury-rigging is required , but I bought some brass hardware and put it in line between the battery and the inverter . Large enough to handle surges , but should protect against short circuits . Make sure you cover the batter terminals , though , to avoid directly shorting the battery , or caboom !
 Looks good and fits my fuse block . The fuse looks solid in the center but 250 amps is alot as long as it blows if needed it 's great . Hopefully that is never needed .
 Shoped around and found that Amazon had the best price and a good quality product , even with the shipping , -LRB- 2 for -RRB- made it the best offer .
 I am pleased with the 250-amp rating . I was able extend my battery connections from under the hood to a rear location using 20-foot jumper cables and this fuse in a suitable fuseholder ! Great accessibility !
 I used this 250 amp . fuse -LRB- in the positive leg -RRB- in an install of a 2000 watt -LRB- Pure Sine -RRB- Inverter . They work great and I would rec . them to anybody that is thinking of doing a like kind of install .
 So far so good . Looks like a fuse , fit right in to my fuse block , has n't popped yet , and I have n't tried to pop it .
 RAPTOR RAN2502.The item was as described and was of good quality . Everything was shipped in a timely matter . The fuse and Scosche EWFH fuse holder worked well together .
 I found this product on line , it appeared to be what I needed and I was certain about this as I read through the details . Ordering was easy through Amazon and delivery was fast . What really amazed me was the service . Unfortunately , the wrong fuse was shipped . Before the product arrived , I had received an email telling me that they had made an error and the correct fuse was being shipped and I received the right fuse only two days later . Thank you Discount Giant USA !!!!
 I was worried about having # 4 wire from the battery of my camper to the starter on the generator not fused . I needed a fuse at the battery terminal . This fuse was perfect .
 I received my order very quickly and the fuses were a great deal . Very happy at this point
 I have this currently installed on my jeep and is ca n't complain . It 's been installed for around a year and it is performingq fine .
 Best price I 've found and suprisingly it doens ' t look cheap . It 's a quality product for a low price and It fits perfect on my 99 Intrigue .
 After I got this one I ordersd one for our truck too . It keeps the car clean and almost dust free . I would recommend .
 I 'd never heard of Centric before purchasing this item but now have two Centric calipers on my 97 ZJ and am very happy . The slider assembly works nicely , the new piston seems solid , and the seals look to be heavy duty . So far , all is working well after 2500 miles , and I 'm very happy with the value .
 Bought it for using with my Yaesu FT-60R handheld ham radio . I think at 5 Watts , the radio draws around 1.8 A so this unit has plenty of juice for it . It is well filtered since no one detected any hum on my audio which sometime occurs with external power supplies .
 What can I say , it does it 's job ! Replaced both front calipers on my Jeep and Centric comes highly recommended and I see why . Top notch quality , solid construction . Very happy with them . Also installed Centric rotors and Hawk pads at the same time .
 I received this beauty quickly and packed in double boxes . Not a scratch on it and it worked great right out of the box . I looked high and low for a high-current linear 12 volt regulated power supply and this device was the only one to meet my requirements . I am so happy with it that I will recommend it to other Amazon customers without hesitation.It 's all metal , solidly built and quite heavy for such a small unit . That 's because it has a nice big old-fashioned transformer in it . Everything about it looks and feels like quality.I 've already built a twelve foot , 14 gauge wire extension cord for it with a female automotive cigarette lighter jack on one end . The other end is terminated with wire lugs that fit nicely around the screw-off banana terminals . I mounted a wire strain relief onto the case at this end for obvious reasons . The unit is bolted to my bench with plenty of space in the rear for air circulation so those big semi-conductors , mounted on a large heat-sink , can stay cool.I use this extension cord to run my ` Slime ' air compressor to fill all the automobile tires.I will locate another female jack and mount it on the unit 's metal case for convenience of charging other devices ; such as cell phones , etc.Do not hesitate to buy this product if you need a quality 12 volt regulated power supply . Paul Simone
 Good product but on the pricey side but you get what you pay for and I needed something that was compatible with fuel . I was n't even able to find this locally .
 Installed in my wife 's 2000 maxima , it was so easy , I let my 8 year old boy do it.Not a single problem .
 This is a good quality product and works perfectly . The installation was quicker and easier than I expected . This fan assembly is exactly like the original including the two built-in clips for the hoses . Very happy customer .
 This was a good deal on spark plugs . They arrived quickly and exactly as ordered . I would purchase them again .
 My humvee is a 24V system -LRB- 2 ea 12V batteries in series under the passenger -LRB- machine gunner -RRB- seat . -RRB- This makes for smaller wire diameter and easier starting of the diesel engine , but lets face it - everything for cars is 12V ! . With this unit , I connect to the 24V battery box , and get 23 amps at 13.8 VDC just like a normal car to run a cigarette lighter socket , 12V - 110 VAC inverter -LRB- 200W -RRB- and other nice things like a stereo.If you have a 24V diesel truck , get this and you will be happy to not screw up your first battery which is the other alternative . If you take 12V from battery # 1 , then extra current must pass through battery # 2 to make up for it , which overcharges # 2 and shortens its life , not to mention the power you take from # 1 lowers your overall system voltage.It 's not that waterproof , so I 'd mount it inside the battery box where things stay dry if you ford deep water .
 Says they fit 2009 Audi A4 - not quite . The holes do n't quite line up , by about an inch . The cut and shape is good , color and feel of the carpet is wonderful . They are soooo soft , I want to drive barefoot ! It has been only 2 weeks , and they only slip a bit.If they stay put I will keep them . The price was very reasonable .
 I told my wife that I had to finish something up and would meet her outside to install this in just a couple minutes . I was suprised when I got out there and she had already installed it . It just bolts in to a couple of holes already in the Tacoma hood . It could n't get any easier than this ! It also comes with a couple of rubber tabs to stick to your hood just in case a hard wind bends it down . Nice touch .
 I was impressed and surprised at how easy this was to install . I have installed Bug Deflectors in the past , but was the easiest ever . It fir perfectly right out of the box , no drilling necessary . Highly recommend .
 The easiest stone and bug deflector I 've ever installed.it took less than 10 minutes and the quality of this deflector was as good as the more expensive ones .
 This charger works well and lets your money go a little further . There is no need to buy an OEM for a ton of money and this is really convenient . I 've used the wall plug and the 12V cigarette lighter plug with no issue . I 've never needed the Euro plug but at least its there .
 We got this product to go along with our portable field display monitor and it serves the purpose wonderfully . We really like the fact that it plugs into to our car for recharge . This makes life easier when traveling and doing shoots outside of the studio .
 I purchased this charger last minute as my reliable Ambico universal charger died on me . At first glance I noticed that this charger was much shorter than the long NP-F950 battery I purchased it for . Granted the description said nothing about this charger working with the NP-F950 , but it looked to be compatible with just about most of Sony 's larger batteries , so I gave it a try.After charging my battery twice over since purchasing it , I am able to give it a satisfactory review . The packaging mentions that the charger charges batteries under 90 minutes . The couple times I re-charged my F950 , I noticed it took closer to 4 hours to ` fully ' achieve a ` green fully charged ' light . I guess it must be the fact that my battery is one of those extended 6 hour batteries.What I do miss between this new charger and my old Ambico charger are a couple things . First , my Ambico charger would have my F950 fully charged in under an hour , and secondly -LRB- and this might just be because I have a larger/extended battery -RRB- but having the charger in upright position against a wall outlet I found that I had to keep something under the battery in order that the battery weight would n't knock the charger out of the electricity socket . Obviously this charger was n't made for extended batteries as the 950 , but hey , for the price point , and knowing it fully charges my 950 , I am a happy camper . I also like that it has no chords , and just plugs right into the power outlet .
 This charger delivers twice its value , and is very compact and always charges the battery correctly . The car charger works great .
 For the price , I was expecting this charger to last only a few months but so far it has held out . I have n't used the battery as I had expected but it appears to function as advertised . The real test will be known once I take it out on a shoot but for now I am giving it 4/5 score
 I ca n't say much except for it charges the battery as it should and it 's nice to have extra charging accessories , though I do n't need them . I use this to charge an off brand Sony NP-F550 battery . Good deal for the price
 For the price , you ca n't complain . It does what it 's meant to do ... charge . It may be featureless compared to other chargers , such as dual/quad simultaneous charging , but with the cost of the batteries , I do n't need that . I just need more batteries with me in the field . I only use this to charge batteries for my Lilliput monitor .
 What can you say about a battery charger except it work as advertised . A a a a a a a
 Okay , I do n't know if it is just me , but this thing takes all night to charge a single battery . I have two of these and both of them work but it takes all night for the battery to become charged . Now I do n't know if this is because the batteries are very high capacity or if this device just charges them very slowly so I ca n't say anything bad about the product because I do n't know . Just seems a little strange .
 Not real sure how to write a review for a battery charger , but this one works the way it should and get the job done at a great price . Walmart wanted $ 39.99 for the same thing .
 No complaints so far . It recharges the battery as promised . It 's all very exciting and sometimes better than TV ; >
 A generic charger that works great , it has helped the performance of my recording because I have the support of an extra material while charging the other . recommend the purchase has been excellent .
 Got this as a gift for my wife . She is happy with it . Have n't had any problems.Got it in a reasonable amount of time . Quite satisfied with the price .
 I bought this charger to charge batteries for my old Sony CCD TRV16 NTSC camcorder . I had just bought new NP-F550 batteries which did n't need chargging , so I have n't used it for them yet . But I did use it for the original battery that came with the camera which I believe was an NP-F330 . It charged the old battery adequately even though the battery did n't hold a charge for long due to age . No longer have to charge through the camcorder which is the main reason I bought this charger -- a major convenience for me now . I highly recommend this product . Shipping was fast , too .
 easy to use , and it also makes your gain time and dont have to carry a camera to charge your bateries
 This charger is a product that has come in handy over this past football season in keeping batteries charged and ready at all times .
 I like the fact that it came with a car adapter and it only took a couple of days to arrive . The only reason for not loving it is , because it was hard to tell if it was fully charge . When I picked up the charger with the battery the light went from red to green . It might just be due to having it plugged into an extension cord . After a full day of charging , the battery is on its second day of use with out needing to be charged but I only used it a couple times for about an hour . Over all I would still buy it if I needed another one .
 It 's compact and quiet . It 's RF filtered , which is often important in switching power supplies . Some have complained of RF noise . Not me . I have used mine for several years with a high-end HF transceiver . Check eham.net for additional reviews . The big proplem I have with the Amazon listing is the price -LRB- $ 174.95 or something like that -RRB- . This unit routinely retails for only $ 99.95 , with sale prices about $ 10 less .
 Truthfully , I bought my first SEC 1223 because of price and was a bit apprehensive that the quality would not b e there . Fact is , it has been trouble-free and , importantly , generates no RFI . I am about to buy a second one becasue my current requirements have increased . The SEC 1223 has been a good buy .
 I have had this supply for several years . It is quiet -LRB- literally and radio interference-wise -RRB- and provides all the power it promises . It is also very light-weight and compact . The price is great ! What more could you want ?
 Works great with the Yaesu FT-8800R , a 50w/35w VHF/UHF mobile , I use in my ham shack . Very good price for a power supply that is very similar , if not almost exactly the same , as the much more expensive Yaesu FP-1023 and Kenwood KPS-15 . A great secret that will save you some big bucks!Don ' t be fooled by the lower price , the construction and performance is still top notch . The power supply is slightly larger than my Yaesu FT-8800R . It 's made from metal that has been coated in some kind of black protective coating . The fit and finish of the construction seems top notch and it does not have any rattle from the inside parts . It has one fan that is at the bottom and vents slits on either side . The cooling fan pulls the air out of the bottom . It 's a very simple power supply . Only one illuminated red switch in the front with a logo and model number adorned near it . Two tubular holes with set screws for the + / - in the rear along with a port for the powercord . The bottom has 4 rubber feet that keep it very stable and allows for air to flow . It comes with a 3-year warranty . If you want a cheap & simple 13.8 v 23amp power supply , this is your winner.I have n't tried it with a HF unit , but there is no radio frequency interference at 2m -LRB- 144mhz -RRB- and 70cm -LRB- 440mhz -RRB- . I heard rumors there may be some RFI in the HF bands , but if you have some problems in HF try searching on the Internet for ZL2DF 's helpful RFI reduction mod .
 Product came on time and works great on my '98 Durango ! Smooth on the streets and works great when off-road . Price was competetive as well .
 No idea if it fits the car , but i needed a couple of powerful 12v fans for my greenhouse and these work great been running 12hours a day for the last 3 or 4 months . I am an ASE certified master technician so i know car parts so i stick to them , The build quality was on par with bigger name brands of automotive products i have seen and if i needed an electric rad fan i would buy from VDO
 Superbly engineered and well-made , this is the best snow broom I 've ever owned . I 've had it for two New England winters , and it 's held up well and performed flawlessly.The broom head pivots and has several locking positions , which allows you to angle it like a snow plow and methodically work the snow off your windshield , with gravity 's help.This year I bought a Honda Pilot , a sizable SUV which can take a lot of snow on its roof . Now I truly appreciate the value of the extending handle . With its 60 '' reach , I can get the snow off the entire roof while standing in one spot beside the car . No walking around , no getting snow in my boots!The only downside is that it 's so good that my wife confiscated it from me . I had to buy another one . Actually , I bought a few , to give as presents to my family .
 Boy , did I pick the right time to buy this beauty of a broom . This has been the SNOWIEST season on RECORD here in Central Michigan . Over 40 '' has fallen and it 's only the 3rd week of December.Our usual snowfall averages 12 '' . I drive a Chevy Tahoe and stand 5 ' 2 '' tall . With this SOLIDLY BUILT SNOW BROOM and it 's built in 5 ' extension pole and it 's rotating , positional broom/squeege head , I CAN FINALLY REACH ALL OF THE WINDSHIELD TO GET THE SNOW OFF , WITHOUT GETTING HALF THE SNOW ON ME FIRST . I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE SWIVEL BROOM HEAD , and the fact you can position it to lay flat when not in use . The POLE is thick , solid and is easy to extend and locks into place when needed ... or slide down to store . It 's great well placed padded grips to add the leverage you need to push off the larger/heavier wetter snow . The Ice scraper end is also heavy duty.Yes , is expensive ... but I asure you , it will the the LAST scraper you 'll ever need , unless someone comes along and swipes it . This unit will last you a lifetime , not like those cheap things you see . And if you 're on the short side driving a big vehicle , it 's a MUST HAVE.I received it quickly from the vendor too . It 's an excellent winter accessory for your Truck or Larger , taller SUV 's or Mini-Vans ... and would make a great gift for a guy 's Truck or SUV , even if he 's on the tall side . He 'll appreciate the engineering and design .
 Delicate design ! Extraordinary strength!At the beginning I thought it might be too expensive comparing to similar products . Now I have to say it deserves that money ! The handle can be extended to three different lengths , and the junction is strong enough to fight against the snow storms in north Ohio.I ordered a yellow one but what I got was blue . A slight pity .
 I bought this to replace one that I had for over 10 years and finally broke . I tried to find that one as it was the best one I have every used , but no luck . I have a Jeep and it worked great on the roof etc. . To my surprise , when I got this from ups it is the newer version of the old one I had . I was very happy to see this.So far a few storms later and still happy . A must if you live in Ma and have a SUV .
 I was expecting a yellow product but received a blue instead . Also found that the same is available at the local auto-zone shop at $ 15.00 This is a good and sturdy product for removing the snow off your vehicle quickly . The locking mechanism is metal which makes it more durable .
 This tool really does the job when you do n't want to struggle with a cheap imitation . It 's well designed and constructed of good materials . Extended , it is still firm and strong and long enough to reach the top of larger SUV 's . The price may seem high , but it 's worth the money .
 This is a very well made snow brush . I bought one of these a few years ago and somehow lost it in the garage over the summer . I was very happy and surprised to see it was still available . When I saw it , I snapped one up immediately . The telescoping rod is made from a smooth aluminum and the locking mechanism has a great positive lock . I believe the one I lost was bought in 2004 and after heavy use , was still functioning perfectly last year . It was nice to see they did n't change anything from what I could tell . I would buy this again if I somehow manage to lose this one .
 I had one of these for years with my Old truck , and it as with all things plastic broke eventualy , and I got rid of the truck -LRB- unrelated to the breaking of the snow brush -RRB- This year I purchased a New Jeep and needed a snow brush for it ; I went back to where I had purchased it and they no longer carried them . AMAZON to the rescue!This unit is nice and strong , well built and extends long enough to allow clearing of snow from the entire car from one side for the most part . The swivel head allows you to push different directions as needed and also allows the unit to be compact for storage . The two foamy handles are nice because they allow you to use it with out needing gloves for quick jobs.The unit I rec 'd was blue , but i really do n't care about the color , I cared about the type of snow brush . It would have been cool if they had offered color selection though . I would have loved it in RED -LRB- match the color of the Jeep -RRB-
 Very solid scraper . I drive a toaster -LRB- element -RRB- so my car collects a lot of snow and having this scraper has made my winter months much easier . I can stand on one side of my car and clean off the entire thing without moving around it . Its convenient so I do n't have to get snow in my shoes running on all sides of the car trying to clean it off . The pivoting head makes it nice to you can push snow off like a broom style or swipe it off like a normal brush . The aluminum seems to be very sturdy and wont give out on me if I really need to put some elbow grease into it . Unlike previous scrapers I 've had which have been plastic and have gotten so cold sitting in the car that have broken in half trying to scrape the windshield clean . I 'm very pleased with this purchase and do n't see myself buying another scraper for years .
 The Hopkins 80037 Quick Lock 60 '' Extension with 7-Position Pivoting Snowbrush and Snowbroom is an outstanding product . It is not cheap plastic but rather a strong metal ; it does not bend and will not easily break . The extension is great and does not bend at the seams . It is a heavy duty tool for the jobs of clearing ice and brushing off snow - something we are well familiar with here in central-eastern Iowa . I ordered three of them for different vehicles and am very pleased . I have not seen such a quality product in any stores ; this is superb ! My wife and daughter both love their brush/scraper in their respective vehicles . This tool is one that no vehicle should be without during the winter weather .
 This is a souped up snow brush . It 's huge and hence makes quick work of clearing your car of snow and ice . People always comment on it when they see it . It would be especially good for reaching across trucks or minivans because of the size .
 This is probably the eighth or ninth snow broom of this style I have purchased throughout the years . I have liked them all and got good use out of them , but this one seems to be a step above all the rest . It is the Cadillac of snow brooms . I very much like the way the handle extends with a push of a button and it clicks into place . It is very well made and this one should last more then the usual one year . I like the way the brush head folds to one side or the other . It is well worth the price . Oh , and the ice scrapper on the other end is a little wider then all the rest . The only trouble is , no one make a scrapper with the slight curve that all windshields have . Even side glass in not completely flat .
 I think this is a pretty good ice scrapper , I love the extension its just hard to get enough force on the scrapper part when its extended so it takes a little longer to get the ice off
 This is a new item for me . I have never owned a snowbroom . I will say that the item has arrived as expected per the item description . Quick review of the item provides one with a sense of satisfaction in their purchase . The item has comfortable hand cushions , easy to use adjustment buttons and a very sturdy design . This is a definite for someone that likes ` gadgets ' and likes to differentiate themselves from the general public ; even if it is only through the usage of a ` different ' snowbroom/icescrapper . I 'll post how I like it when it snows ! *** Posting this now on 2/25/2012 *** I 've used this snowbroom for what seems like two years now.I absolutely love it with the exception of the button for the telescopic extension that freezes up when it gets really cold -LRB- probably due to constriction of the metal -RRB- . WIth that being said this is the type of gift I 'd buy a family member . It has allowed me to clean others windshields after snow storms with ease ... 100 % recommend this product .
 Seems to be an well built product , just have n't had a chance to use it yet .
 Pros : - This is a very complete gasket set . Includes everything you could possibly need for a turbo install/upgrade on a DSM . Turbo to manifold , turbo to o2 housing , oil return -LRB- the t25 and 14b gaskets are actually interchangeable , so you get an extra set -RRB- , turbo to j-pipe -LRB- 14b , 16g -RRB- , and even a throttle body elbow gasket.-High quality gaskets . Install them straight up ... no copper spray or RTV , and they 'll seal until you remove the turbo the next time.Cons : - Includes an unneeded turbo to manifold gasket . The larger , 7cm gasket works fine for 14bs , 16gs , and T25s . Removing the extra and lowing the price would be preferred.-MLS Turbo gasket is not re-usableOverall , I like the set and order one anytime I plan to remove the turbo . -LRB- Amazon PRIME shipping rocks -RRB- If the p r i c e rises above twenty fice , this set is no longer a good buy , as OEM gaskets can be had for less at the dealer .
 I have used this inverter about 10 times so far . Never have had an issue . The fan can be a little loud , but nothing that is too bothersome . I have charged cell phones and laptops from this and everything has worked well . Comes with a plastic case which makes it nice to transport .
 This is a great litter product for the price . It is a full sine wave 400w converter and it fits my emergency power setup perfectly .
 really easy to install and a great product overall . cheap buy on amazon compared to most other stores including the k & n website
 I have used these connectors for some time on electric heat mats under tile installations . Very easy to use and reliable . The connection is always solid , and protected . I ordered more for my boat and car stereo wiring .
 I bought this expecting it to be able to run My refrigerator . I selected this model because of the high claimed peak rating . But it will not reliably start my newer refrigerator . If I turn it off and back on it will start it every time , but if it starts on it 's own , it trips out about half the time.My friend has a similar rated inverter from Sams Club that puts this one to shame when it comes to peak loads , and cost $ 30 less.Another minor quibble , the 10 segment voltmeter . The bottom led is red , next to bottom is yellow , all above that are green . The problem is that the lower ones never turn off as higher ones are lit . At a distance the red & yellow is more visible that the green making it look like the voltage is low when it is not . There should never be more than 2 bars lit at any time.The remote control is handy . Standard telephone jack .
 Installed in my console on my 2000 TJ for power when off-road . large enough to run my air compressor or coffee pot . Also used it at Christmas to decorate the jeep with lights.Auto powers off at 10.5 v and has saved me several times . No complaints
 What can i say , just think , i need somethink to plug my DiscoMovil to a car , but i do n`t want to buy a diesel generator so i cross my finger and buy one power inverter and what do you think , now i can use my four 800 wats speakers , the PA1000x amplifier , the equalizer , the pyle 6 chanel mixer at full power -LRB- they can listen my music up to 500 meters -RRB- , now i can give music , karaoke and anuncin services for parties and activities . -LRB- maybe i will try one American Dj reflex in the nigh , it can be funny -RRB- I recomended it , because , now i can get me CoffeMaker to the beach .
 What can i say , just think , i need somethink to plug my DiscoMovil to a car , but i do n`t want to buy a diesel generator so i cross my finger and buy one power inverter and what do you think , now i can use my four 800 wats speakers , the PA1000x amplifier , the equalizer , the pyle 6 chanel mixer at full power -LRB- they can listen my music up to 500 meters -RRB- , now i can give music , karaoke and anuncin services for parties and activities . -LRB- maybe i will try one American Dj reflex in the nigh , it can be funny -RRB- I recomended it , because , now i can get me CoffeMaker to the beach .
 Rating product , not sellerI 'm using pictured above butt connectors , I have used them over 50 so far . In my opinion this is the best product on the market , try to use it along with shrinkable tubing over the butt connectors . Lifetime connection guaranteed .
 I own the 5000w and the new 8000w aims inverters . The 5000w , with two high quality batteries running it will run almost anything you can throw at it . The batteries must be hooked up with 2/0 gauge or larger wiring within two feet of the inverter . I can run a full size target tile saw on a 50 foot extension cord with this inverter . Of course with extended heavy duty use you must run the vehicle to keep the batteries charged.I would highly recommend this inverter to anyone having trouble accesing power on a jobsite , or those who get tired of lugging around a noisy gas generator . The 8000w inverter requires more d/c input amperage but will run near anything . I love mine . They are quiet , always on your truck and extremely convenient .
 I needed new floor mats for my Volvo S80 , the dealer wanted almost 3 times the amount of what I paid for these mats here . They were custom made to fit the floor of my car including those numbs in the carpet so the mats do n't slip and get caught under the brake . Being custom made they also came much faster then I had expected . Only good things to say
 K&N air filter products are my choice time and time again - easy to use , quality products , that continue to last for years of use . recommended
 Fits and looks Good , works great . Helps engine warm up faster in cold weather .
 Cant find these plugs in stores ... But found them here on Amazon.com ! Just what my my bike needed and is running great now .
 This spark plug worked fine in my cheap Chinese scooter , a 250 cc by Shenko . Exactly the same as I got at Autozone earlier .
 Arrived on time & worked just like the owner 's manual said it would . OEM replacement for a 4 wheeler , Honda .
 great product in the cold even below freezing mark good responce on the vtwin . quality product for sure . i will purchase more to stock them
 Great delivery speed . Nice packaging . Sure smoothed out my Goldwing idle . Starts right up and rides like new . I think it might have lowered my cruise RPM , too !
 had not issues except for the threads were tight in the motor , but i just uses a little grease and it sliped on easier . used it for my hammerhead go-cart .
 I needed new floor mats for my Volvo S80 , the dealer wanted almost 3 times the amount of what I paid for these mats here . They were custom made to fit the floor of my car including those numbs in the carpet so the mats do n't slip and get caught under the brake . Being custom made they also came much faster then I had expected . Only good things to say
 I ordered mats with eyelets , but there were no eyelets . The mats seem to be of good quality , but they do move around . I need to put them back in place when I get back in my car
 great boot . not to small to luck lame but not a huge eye sore . very clean great fit.heavier rubber .
 id wanted to pick up a dark shield for my icon alliance helmet for awhile , but never did . i also wanted to get another sport bike so i had something to wear my helmet with . i just picked up a nice gsxr 750 and upon doing so , promptly ordered up a dark smoke shield for my helmet . it arrived quickly and i installed it . nice . no longer would anyone be able to see my face . placing the helmet on my head i felt the power of the dark side of the force . the spirit of lord darth vader surged through my veins . my black leather jacket completing my outfit , i wheeled my motorcycle out of the garage in preparation to ride . slowly riding down the driveway i laughed to myself ... laughed at the unknowing pedestrians and motorists that i was about to strike fear into ... them never knowing who ... or what ... was behind the dark shield on the icon helmet ... and then i rode that gsxr for the first time . and it scared the hell outta me . damn its quick.lord vader will have to wait ... but the helmet shield is nice . dont think id want to have it on the helmet after the sun went down , but for daytime its nice . .
 No screen is truly `` fog Free '' but this changes the vapor from `` awww , crap i cant SEE '' to `` not bad . At a stop sign i get water vapor on my screen but its not impossible to see . Just have to crack visor open a bit . ''
 I have the Icon Head Trip Helmet . The psychadelic graphics are a beetles Sgt Peeper throw back . Sadly , it came with a clear visor . The dark smoke is really cool looking . it took 5 minutes to change -LRB- would have been quicker if i was familiar -RRB- . surprisingly clear , even in the dark . though i would ` nt recommend driving on roads withour street lights at night .
 This is a huge upgrade that I would recommend to any Icon helmet owner . Not only does it make my helm look great , but also serves such a good purpose.Although the picture does make it seem that the visor may be way dark , I 've even worn it in the early morning without any issues !
 Not much to say . I have a Icon Mainframe helmet that was about 6 years old . The OE shield was scratched and it was time to replace it . I purchased the clear shield and it fits perfectly -LRB- though it can fog unlike the description -RRB- . The install was simple and took 2 minutes . I would gladly buy another again .
 This Shield is great . havent had any problems with it . it did fall from about 4 feet and didnt scratch or anything so far so good . I wouldnt recomend night riding with this on but I have been stuck with it one time and it was not awfully bad would have thought it would have been way worse . I clean my visors all the time with the Invisible glass stuff and they are clear as day all the time .
 This shield had a wonderful finish on it and was easy to install on my Mainframe helmet . It is exactly what I was after .
 I bought this shield for my nephew for his new Icon helmet , HE LOVES IT ! All he talks about how all his friends think it looks cool !
 Easy to install , but occasionally one of the connectors comes loose and my turn signal starts to make rapid flashing sound to indicate either the bulb is out , or a loose connection . I just have to hit/slap the offending light cover and the connection is re-established ... at least , for a few weeks . Seems to be effected by hot/cold temps . Either way , - much easier than hard-wiring a harness .
 The install took about 15 minutes . it was very easy to connect to the existing harnesses . I would have liked to it been a bit longer to reach through the tailgate though .
 No mess , no fuss . wiring harness was a quick and easy install . The only complicated part was to properly run the trailer plug down to the hitch . That required removal of the bumper body molding , but it was literally six screws . A great solution if you need to run a trailer connection for your lights .
 these are great for road side emergencies . every vehcile should have a set . I have 3 vechiles is the family and I would not allow them to leave the driveway without their autolite .
 i like the rough texture on the bottom and sides makes it easy grip fram makes a good oil filter i have been using for years
 Fram is the only oil filter I use on any of my vehicles ! I used the PH16 for my 1994 Chrysler Leberon -LRB- 120,000 + miles -RRB- and it worked great ! This filter fits several different makes & models , so if you do n't know if this one will work , check out their official website.I used another Fram filter -LRB- since the PH16 does n't fit it -RRB- for my '94 Honda Accord , and I noticed a HUGE difference in the performance between the Fram and the off brand one that was on it when I bought it.The filters are also very easy to locate ! Almost all auto stores carry Fram and some retail stores like Wal-mart .
 I needed new floor mats for my Volvo S80 , the dealer wanted almost 3 times the amount of what I paid for these mats here . They were custom made to fit the floor of my car including those numbs in the carpet so the mats do n't slip and get caught under the brake . Being custom made they also came much faster then I had expected . Only good things to say
 This product is awesome , however on the description it says it attaches via velcro , ell the velcro did n't come in the box . So noway to attach my dashmat to my dash board .
 man i love amazon ... i got this fuel pump when it was $ 100 DOLLA 'S then it went back up to $ 180 bucks ... right after i bought it ... so i was real happy ... and then shipping was free and it took a week to get here ... i got the pump in my car right now and its working good ... yehhhh amazon . . lol ...
 I am very pleased with my purchase it was everything you said and delivery was as promised thanks again .
 as a gm master technician.felpro bolts gaskets have always been good.as a note the bolts will fit just about any 2.8 v6 , or 3.1 or 3.4 engine gm makes.only thing to watch out for is some of the gm engines have a torque member mount that slides over a head bolt that has a round pin on it.if you have the upper mount bracket these will not work for you.easy way to tell is does your car have what they call a dog bone engine mount that attaches to the upper radiator support when gm 's do they will have two of them.then these bolts will not work.otherwise they will fit your aplication .
 The first time I used Amazon to find bolts . I got them and they were exactly what I needed and at a great price , Thanks for askin ' ; -RRB-
 I purchased this head bolt set a couple months ago and all of them fit the engine and heads great and have held up with not problems or leaks as of yet .
 I have had this Xpower Powersource 1800 -LRB- I bought it as a previously branded Duracell Powersource 1800 -RRB- for three years with no failures . It powers an M-53 Zoeller cast iron 1/3 HP submersible sump pump , which is used as a secondary back-up pump to the primary M-53 Zoeller pump . I have had frequent power failures in heavy rain storms , and the unit has functioned reliably with more than expected back-up battery time . I test it once a week to keep it fresh , and typically , the main pump runs 7 seconds under normal situations , and back-up sump pump runs 8 seconds during a back-up duty cycle to clear out the water in the sump pit . At that rate , here are the documented duty cycles for my home application in three types of back-up duty cycle situations : Back-up Duty Cycle # 1
 I ordered this battery thinking that my sump would run on it for 5 - 6 hours during an outage . So this weekend during some heavy rains I let the sump pump run on the battery during the afternoon . After 8.5 hours the battery life was at 50 % ! This completly exceded my expectations.The product is very easy to use , just plug it in and forget about it .
 Our house has two sump pumps in our finished basement . I purchased the Powersource 1800 to be a backup power supply during a loss of electricty . I chose this after considering a DC powered back up sump pump . The only advantage the DC powered pump had was that it would have been a complete spare pump should one of the main pumps fail . With the Powersource 1800 backup I have backup power not only for the sump pump , but also a power source to power radios , computers , phone , small electric heater , etc. in case of an power outage emergency . There was no mess to install , since you just plug it in . The battery is rated to last as long as the DC battery I was considering so I do n't expect that to be an issue .
 I have tried battery backup sump pumps and found them to just not meet the needs of backing up a 1/2 H.P. pump when the power is out . My experience is with several manufactures products that rely on a 12 volt battery for power source . The problems arise when the pump wo n't pump as much water as the submersible pump , battery charger over charges and ruins the battery or the pump/wriing/float switch fail.I recently purchased the Xpower Powersource 1800 and found that it works as advertised , provides acurate display of the battery condition . The best part is that it simplifies the installation and uses the existing 1/2 H.P. submersible pump at it 's rated capacity.I plan to purchase at least two more 1800 's for apartment complexes I own and replace the old battery backup and special pumps that I have been disapointed in after realizing multiple failures when the power goes out .
 I have this as a backup for my sump pump for 2 months . I received the product promptly , plugged it in and it worked ! Although I was surprised it took about 8 hours to fully charge given it said 90 % charged . Nonetheless , it finally did charge to FUL and has remained that way . I have not had to run the pump yet off the battery . My pump is plugged into box and it works off A/C so that part works and using a light I tested when power goes off that the battery automatically kicks in to keep light on . Worked ... The reason I did not give 5 rating is that it is advertised you can add a second battery , but that is not for the faint of heart as you need to remove the cover . I have n't tried that yet . Also an external access to the internal 12 V battery would be nice feature , so it could be used as emergency car start . It is a ashame to have this so close but not available ... Update Dec 2010 . I had this for over 2 years and still working fine . I have had 3 power outages where this needed to run my sump pump and one recently for severals hours . It works and gives me some peace of mind .
 i have only had one power outage since the purchase but when i did it kicked in and ran my sump pump without a problem
 I have been taking care of cars for over 40 years and this is my favorite wax . It is not as much work to apply as you might expect from a paste wax , and it is forgiving of being allowed to get very dry before buffing . It shines well and lasts a long time.It is NOT , however , a polish . If you have oxidized paint , this will make it look worse , because it just improves your view of the cloudy oxidized surface . If your paint is oxidized , you need to use clay to polish off the oxidation before applying this wax .
 The 3M paste wax is very good for the bodywork , and in the same way , it is easy to take it off . It leaves a layer over for a few days and give life and brightness to the color of your carr . I recommend a lot .
 I use this 3M auto wax on my 2002 Corvette-It is by far , the easiest wax to apply and it gives me a shine that has helped me win First Place in The Shadow of theMountain Corvette Concours show in Leavenworth , Washington in July 2010 .
 this wax is the only will you need to have is the best I 've used for many years . no matter what other products promise this is the best
 Used it with my 3 '' orbital buffer . I started with my clean pre-owned Toyota buffed the surface with this then applied the Hang Glaze - buffed , the 3M Performance Wax - buffed -LRB- a synthetic non carnuba sealer -RRB- then 3M Show Car paste wax and buffed , and my car is gleaming ! I am sure most pro orientated products will give similar results but I like this combination .
 This steering wheel cover was shipped VERY FAST . Looked at numerous covers and this one stood out . Costs more but worth the money !! Have to use some muscle to get the cover on as it fits the steering wheel snug which is what I wanted . Like the feel and the look of the cover . Did n't care about the lap belt covers but put them on and like the matching look of the three pieces . A friend saw the cover and ordered one similar to mine as he liked the look . Pleased with the transaction .
 I bought this blower motor based on price . It was much less than the local automotive supply stores and much , much less than the dealer . I was a little hesitant because of the price differential that this would be a decent product . However , I took a chance and have been quite satisfied . The motor was an exact fit for the motor I replaced and works well . It was nice and a time saver that it had the `` squirrel cage '' fan attached so I did n't have to take the old one off my bad motor and attach it to the new one . Of course , I ca n't give an opinion on the long term product dependability , but so far , so good . I followed the information I gleaned from `` Maxima.org '' as a guide to how to remove and install this motor and had no problems .
 The product was as advertised and the best price I found from anywhere online . Took me less thatn 30 minutes to install and now I am enjoying my air conditioner air again . Fairly fast delivery!TYC 700044 Nissan Maxima Replacement Blower Assembly
 This unit is an exact replacement . It fits in the car like the original and and the wire harness plugs right in .
 One tricky thing but good thing about owning an Infiniti is that a lot of Nissan parts are compatible and this being the perfect example . I saved money and saw that the Maxima blower motor assembly was the same exact replica of my old blown out one that came out of my Infiniti . Also kudos for this part arriving so fast ! Ordered it on a Saturday and it showed up at my doorstep on Monday ! Long story short , the part works , and my HVAC unit in my Infiniti works like brand new ! Thanks !
 part fit perfectly and functions as well as the original . you should vacuum air ducts and replace filters before installation .
 After checking the entire electrical system in my Nissan Maxima for reasons why my blower was not working , I settled on the blower motor itself . Found it on Amazon cheaper than anywhere else . Even though I 'm a Prime member I thought I was going to have to wait 5 days for shipping since I ordered on a Thursday , but to my amazement it arrived on Friday . Took 20 minuets to install and works great .
 TYC 700044 Nissan Maxima Replacement Blower AssemblyThis item shipped quickly . I was pleasantly surprised when I opened contents and found the full blower assembly -LRB- I expected just the unit holding the cage -RRB- . Great deal !! Great Amazon !
 I bought this to replace a squeaking motor blower in my Infiniti G20 . Install was easy , just as described on some DIY threads . I thought the plug was different , but it was simply upside-down and the rest was history . Squeaking is gone , and I am a satisfied customer.-1 star because there is sometimes a very faint hum/squeak that goes away . Though it is much much better than before and not annoyingly loud at all .
 After trying both dual pods listed for a 2003 F150 and finding NEITHER of them fit because they are not made to go with the factory grab handles on my 2003 F150 XLT extended cab I decided to try this single pods and IT DOES FIT UP NICELY.Had to give up on the double or triple gauge set up but hey that just saved me another hundred bucks and more work on the install . I wanted to install at a minimum an air pressure gauge and a volt meter gauge but I guess I will have to just have the air on the pillar.Seeing as this piece is black , it does match up with my grey & black interior but it does kind of look out of place they way it is made being squared off on each end and black on a grey pillar , I am still thinking of painting it to match up better with the pillar.Ultimately NOT what I wanted mostly because it is a single pod and actually cost almost as much as the double ? one third the plastic for almost the same price , but at least it FITS .
 Worked great , exactly what I needed in my wife 's Galaxie 500 . I would reccommend this bulb , shipped very quick too .
 These lights will amaze anyone and everyone you drive by , i have these and people still talk about how the lights danced to the music.if you like kitting up your car you need these .
 Skyjackers coil springs are firm and responsive . I originally ran a competitors ' coils , and replaced them because they dipped too easily and made my lifted Jeep very tippy . There are only two brands available for 8 '' lift , and this is by far the better brand .
 this is not a spring kit , but instead is a bunch of plugs for the brake adjustment hole in the backing plate
 I ordered for my 05 Scion XB Very easy to install , looks great.Auto Ventshade 24648 Bugflector II Smoke Colored Stone and Bug Deflector
 Got this for my 2006.5 Scion xB . Fits perfect , no drilling and no tape . It has 6 plastic screws that set into plastic anchors in the factory holes on the underside of the front of the hood . It sits well in front of the hood so you can wash , wax , clean , etc under it very easily . It is marked AVS on the front , and has a compound curve - the trailing edge sweeps up to direct airflow over the windshield.Total install time for me was less than 30 minutes , only because mine was missing one of the mounting holes . -LRB- I had to drill the right-most hole in the deflector myself , the other 5 were predrilled ... -RRB- Otherwise it would take no longer than 5 minutes to get it mounted . Good deal.The overall fit on the vehicle is good , although I may add some 3M tape in the future , as the wee plastic mounting screws do n't hold the deflector anywhere near as securely as I 'd like . It 's fine , and I 'm not worried about it falling off or anything , but I just do n't want it to rattle in place ...
 If you need a funnel to pour into a plastic drum - this is for you . Shipped fast , reasonable price .
 Recieved this and put it to work on a 55 gal drum , pouring gasoline . It was labelled `` for industrial use '' on it . There is a seam where the screw-on base meets the funnel . At the seam , on the the interior of the funnel , there is a faint lip up in to the funnel section . Right there I noted slight leakage when pouring the gasoline . I do n't know if it was this particlular funnel or if all of them are like this.The adhesive on my funnel / base union seems a bit weak as far as leaks but very strong as far as adhesion . a bit of my own sealant fixed the problem without incident . The screw on went into the drum effortlessly , and the funnel even has a small vent hole on the base collar , although it will spit at you a little . Better to open the bung on the other side of the barrel for venting '' -RRB- It had no problem keeping up with a full pour out of a 5 gal gasoline can . The funnel material is a poly resin base and is fairly rigid but you can still flex it somewhat . Overall satisfied with this product and my purchase . Hope this helps .
 I purchased the Edelbrock 33024 shocks on Amazon because of the super low price . They were delivered extremely fast thanks to Amazon Prime and packaged in a larger box . I installed them the next day and they are just fantastic . I received the Edelbrock 33024 shocks that are shown on the sale page and I recieved the shocks that I needed for a 2005 Chevrolet Tahoe .
 I bought this for my 2003 Roadglide . As advertised , it is the same dimensions as the Harley battery with one small nit
 Needed to replace the soft top on my 2004 Wrangler , and bought a number of Bestop items , including this deck cover . Very easy to install and no additional parts needed -LRB- used existing tail gate bar that came with Wrangler -RRB- . I basically watched the video Bestop provided in the Amazon listing for this item , and bought all the items -LRB- bikini top , deck cover , window -RRB- shown in the video , including this deck cover . I like the look this gives my Wrangler , and it 's been watertight , so far .
 It can remove chemicals from the pads . I did n't realize that I should soak the pads into the solution as soon as I am done with the pads . But that did n't affect how clean the pads were after I had cleaned the pads . Next time I will soak the pads as soon as I am done with them.I also like the fact that they come in multiple sealed small packs . Then I only need to open one pack at a time , and leave the rest sealed .
 Needed to replace the soft top on my 2004 Wrangler , and bought a number of Bestop items , including this deck cover . Very easy to install and no additional parts needed -LRB- used existing tail gate bar that came with Wrangler -RRB- . I basically watched the video Bestop provided in the Amazon listing for this item , and bought all the items -LRB- bikini top , deck cover , window -RRB- shown in the video , including this deck cover . I like the look this gives my Wrangler , and it 's been watertight , so far .
 It 's been installed for over a year now on the Hurst 3918791 Competition / Plus Shifter in my 76 Trans Am . Highly recommend since it easily connects to the shifter and there is no rigging required and will probably want it if you are replacing your aged shifter . I previously had a rod that went up into my steering column to activate a reverse switch but would no longer fit once I put headers on .
 THis switch worked ok after modification . I am using it on a 51 transmission so I expected that a modification would be needed .
 On my Hurst Competition Plus shifter the Hurst supplied bracket did n't fit . It placed the switch completely beyond the reverse lever instead of directly behind it . I determined the correct position on mine was centered under the upper mounting hole . After drilling a new hole and trimming off the original mounting ear it worked perfectly .
 I purchase this back up light switch for my vehicle after I had installed exhuast headers on my car thus eliminating the the linkage for my back up lights . Installation was an hour or so and the supllied bracket attaches to the 2nd gear stop bolt on the shifter itself . Amazon had the best price .
 After you complete the set of three -LRB- Windjammer , Duster and sun bonnet -RRB- you will find that this will give your Wrangler the best sport/offroad look . The only down thing is that you will have a two seat vehicle and you will have less leg room for driver and passenger once you push the seats a little forward.Other than that this set has been the best order I got for my Jeep yet .
 I get a very nice spark with this plug on my 67 Mini Cooper . It keeps clean requiring little maintenance . I did need to gap it so make sure you have a gapping tool - they are very inexpensive.I 'm unsure why this is called a `` Pack of 1 '' , and so for the sake of clarity - you get a single plug with the order and not the box of 4 that you sometimes see in stores.Very satisifed with the purchase . Prime eligible makes this very affordable .
 I used this as a replacement spark plug for my 1977 Honda XL75 . It fit perfectly and the bike runs just fine .
 This spark plug is very good and order came ontime . Now a days generator is a must because weather is changing and power outrage is so often
 Using this on my 1973 Honda CB350 and it is working great . Great power and I have never had any problems with them .
 Bought this for a 1994 Club Car DS . Works great . Shipped quick as always . Tough item number to find out there .
 There 's no excuse not to use high quality parts when you can find them at great prices on Amazon.com . I tried using another manufacturer 's `` equivalent '' , but it just did n't deliver the spark that the original NGK plug did in my little ATV . The `` other '' plug was brand new . In fact I had ordered two and tried them both . Neither would fire the engine . When I plugged in the NGK , the engine fired up on the first kick . I 'm sold and think you will be too !
 Ngk makes great products and plugs . I have never had any problems . I will keep buying their products year after year .
 I purchased these for my Harbor Freight 950 watt generator , they were a two pack and the price was super , the shipper had them in the mail the day I ordered them . For this Thanks , now one is running the generator when I need it and I have a spare . Good stuff
 Bought these for a '82 Kawasaki KZ440 and they worked perfect . They were clean and were gapped correctly . The best part is that the terminal connectors can screw off -LRB- this was needed for my bike -RRB- . The B7ES plugs -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- I purchased from Walmart do not screw off and I wasted my money on them . Glad I found these on Amazon & with free shipping it was practically a steal . Very happy .
 Just what my bike needed and at a price I could not find in the stores . Worth every dime .
 ... I somehow ordered the wrong spark plugs . I got the same number from my old ones and somehow managed to order different ones . Yeah ... oh well , these are cheap , only out a few burritos.Product is great .
 I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner at a good price.Thanks you , John
 Parts arrived very soon after order . They have not been installed yet , but appearance is excellent .
 This is a good plug . I got it to replace a cheaper plug on a small motorcycle and it fired right up and worked great .
 This plug worked fine but on the first use my son crashed his scooter and fractured his hip on the maiden voyage with it . He is selling the scooter . But , hey , the plug really worked great !
 I looked everywhere for these plugs . And they were so expensive . Finally found them here at a great price . Thanks .
 I use these type for an off-brand motorcycle , and I am glad that Amazon had them in stock . They are a great value for their price and again the availability will make me a repeat customer for the product . As for the performance , my bike runs fine , so I have no complaints .
 purchased these plugs for my 1995 R100 Mystik BMW motorcycle . I have never had a problem with them , work great and last for a long time . In fact the only reason I had to replace them was that somebody stood on my bike and broke one .
 Does everything a sparkplug should do for a good price . I used this in my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 . Shipped quickly .
 Fast shipping and fits my '79 XS1100 Special . Runs great now . Plug was gapped perfectly upon receipt , lucky or coincidence , I do n't know , but it was . Thanks again Amazon .
 Ordered this for my kids Hammerhead GTS 150 buggy with a GY6 150CC engine . The go cart dealers all wanted almost triple what I found these for here on Amazon . With my prime membership they shipped 2 day for free . These plugs install and work just like the original .
 Nice scanner for the price . I love the live feed so I could see what the sensor readings are as well as the OBD I compatibility -LRB- I have a 1987 Corvette , so I needed a scanner with both OBD I and II data stream capabilities . Not too many handheld scanners support OBD I -RRB- . I have n't used it much beyond data stream reading , so I have n't used all of it 's features yet , but as far as I 've used it , I really like it .
 I bought this code scanner because I needed one and because this is one of the few that has the 1994-1995 GM &#34; OBDII connector with the OBDI data spec &#34; which is an orphan . For the money this was the best value - however some of the functions for some car are available - probably because the functions are not available on the vehicle . I looked at AutoXray -LRB- which is made by the same company -RRB- & INNOVAs . I own a SNAPON MT2500 and bought this because it is all in a self contained kit and I dont need to buy the software modules and cables - because it all comes in the kit . For the money it is alot of scanner .
 Prior to buying this scanner , I looked at several different models . The reason I settled on the Actron CP9190 was the result of this scanner 's ability to diagnose OBD 1 ECMs . After receiving this scanner I put it to work to determine what was causing my CEL to go on in my 1994 LeSabre . The scanner identified several codes that were problematic . I have since used this information to correct these problems . In summary , the scanner was and is very helpful and I am very pleased with it .
 Works great . Has already paid for itself in helping to diagnose problems several times . Clear instructions and very easy to use . All of my vehicles are out of warranty now and I must attempt to repair myself . Being an old shade tree mechanic and not very up to date on the newer systems , this tool has helped me come up to speed . Most of the dealers and shops around here want at least 75 bucks just for a diagnostic check . At the very least this tool will allow you to see what codes are present and help give you a leg up on those high and mighty service writers at the shops .
 When you have a GM car from 1994/1995 whit the system that is also called the OBD 1.5 , the Actron CP9190 is the only system , next to the TECH 1 from GM , that can read the system to find the problem .
 No problem so far the price is great and it works well I would recommend this tool to any one with automotive knoledge .
 i bought this as an alternative to other expensive scanners and have been pleased with it , it does what it is supposed to do and works great .
 Exelente el lecturas de codigo y facil de manejar , entendible con todas las funciones y facilita el trabajo reduciendo el tiempo de reparacion .
 This item is exactly what I was looking for . It works great , and I am completely satisfied . Shipping and condition of product were excellent as usual .
 I bought this to diagnose a misfiring cylinder . I had the same problem previously , and the dealer charged me $ 400 for diagnosis and repair . With this one use , I `` broke even '' . The code scanner worked well . The graphing feature is of limited use . I 'm hoping future software updates will make it more useful . You ca n't press the buttons too quickly , or they wo n't work . I had to call the `` help line '' to install the driver so my computer could recognize the scanner via the USB cable .
 The Actron CP9190 scan toolActron CP9190 Elite AutoScanner Pro Diagnostic Code Scanner Kit -LRB- Includes CP9185 Base Scanner , OBDI & OBDII Cables with Hard Case -RRB- is an excellent tool for the price @ $ 300 . I 've been an auto tech for 20 plus years and have used many different scan tools . A decent bi-directional scan tool -LRB- which tells the vehicles computer to turn components on & off -RRB- will cost you about $ 2000 just to start with . I had purchased another scan tool , theEquus 3140 Innova Diagnostic Code Scanner for OBDI and OBDII Vehiclesfor @ $ 200 and compared them . Even though the Equus 3140 was an ok tool , the Actron CP9190 was the winner hands down . Neither the Actron or the Equus is a bi-directional scan tool but they work good for codes and live data on OBD II vehicles -LRB- 96 & newer -RRB- . The Equus 3140 however does NOT read live data on OBD I vehicles but the Actron CP9190 does -LRB- at least I know it does on OBD I GM vehicles -RRB- . The screen on the Actron CP9190 is easier to see , the data/PID list is simpler to navigate through , snapshot/record function is definitely more tech friendly and the control keys are easier to use . If you 're a tech or do-it-yourselfer and you want to diagnose driveability/emissions problems , the Actron CP9190 is a great tool and in my opinion worth the extra $ 100 bucks more than the Equus 3140 . Of course it never hurts to have a little knowledge and experience with automotive technology and data to understand the scan tool readings . The scan tool does n't tell you what 's wrong with the car , but knowing how to read the data will point you in the right direction .
 I first bought the cp9150 , I was not impressed with all it does for the money . Then for extra $ 100 i bought Cp9190 . I must say this has all the functionality you want from scanner.PROS
 To be fair , I do n't have a ton of experience with code readers / engine scanners , but this unit gives an impressive capability for the price . For example , it gives live data similar to what a Snap-On MT2500 would give you on a GM OBD-I vehicle -LRB- '88 Chevy pickup with TBI -RRB- . -LRB- I have n't played with the MT 2500 on an OBD-II vehicle to compare . -RRB- I 'll assume the 9190 will display live data off OBD-II just like all the others . The 9185/9190 's ability to display the live data for older cars really pays off when you own one of them , and was vital to my purchase decision . -LRB- I have a TBI pickup , and I 'm putting TPI in an older Camaro -RRB- I bought my Dad one first and he loves it and uses it for all his cars too . I was going to buy a used MT2500 , but his experience on all his cars led me to buy one for myself .
 You can spend more on other scanners but WHY ? The CP9190 can do almost any trouble shooting on the electronics of todays computer controlled vehicles and point you in the right direction to make the repairs yourself saving you hundreds of $ at the shop or will give you an idea of what the problem is so some shadetree mechcanic does ` nt rip you off . It cost $ 99.00 just to get the local Chevy dealer to plug in and diagnose a problem so I bought my on and have already found 2 seperate vehicle codes on my car and truck and repaired and reset the system.It has already paid for itself . Advance Auto Parts doe 's this for FREE and I saw how easy it was to operate and this is the brand scanner they use day in and day . It covers just about every vehicles connections and is simple to operate . So go ahead and give it a try and start saving $ $ $ $ $
 I found the software easy to navigate and helpful . The tool satisfied my expectations . The tool will walked you through the processes . I would recommend the tool for the home shop . Remember that you will have to purchase another tool to do ABS work . The alternitive would be to buy a $ 3000.00 plus scanner . So depending on how much work you are doing will dictate the decision .
 This particular product should not be advertised as Model CP9190 and then include a different model -LRB- CP9185 -RRB- . It should be advertised just what it is -LRB- a Model CP9185 AutoScanner -RRB-
 I brought this product twice as gifts for family memebers . This product is very handy and works great .
 This product is not for the average mechanic . Provide more detail than most can understand.Very easy to use with all the attachments . Support for product is not what you would expect , user manual only provide how to use scanner not how to read it . Some of the information scanner provides is somewhat greek unless you can find a value range of the type of vehicle you are scanning for trouble shooting . A web link for this type of info would be helpful on the Actron site .
 This scanner has everything and more that you 'd want from it . I 'm extreamly happy about this puchase for my husband . He 's in love with it , being we are always fixing all of our beater cars all the time .
 Works great right out of the box . Everything you need . Good that it can be updated . Case makes it safe and secure and convenient for travel . Was doubtful how good it might work on foreign cars . Worked great on my son-in-laws VW Jetta . Recognized vehicle immediately and gave and defined existing code . A good investment since our car warranties are expiring soon and will need to self diagnose our cars . Best price I found was at Amazon .
 I bought this product after having taken my 2002 GMC truck to the shop four -LRB- 4 -RRB- times repeatedly for the check engine light coming on . I spent $ 342 trying to fix the problem . After checking my truck with the new scanner I found that all I needed was an $ 11 gas cap to stop check engine light from coming on . Never again will I be taken advantage of by the service department .
 It has done all I asked it to and all the accessories were with it . I plan to ask it more in the future as I have n't had a chance to hook it up to the computer and upload data for review yet . But in the short time i have had it , it had been a tremendous help.Lacy
 This scanner is very simple and easy to use . I bought this one after using an older Snap On scanner , and this one is so much simpler . Just plug in - no need to enter make , model , vin , etc. . It reads OBDI and OBDII automatically .
 I found the 9190 to be a great tool . It provides all the data I was looking for and displays in graph form data streems that I was needing to see . The Snap On scantools are much more exspensive and the Actron makes looking into ones own car service affordable . Thanks Actron
 If you have that hybrid OBD-1 .5 type of on-board diagnostic , then this is the device for you . I have tried many other OBD1 & 2 system readers/scanners , but none seem to work or recognize the computer . Not only does it give you the troubleshoot codes , you can also view some basic live data from the computer.Just to clarify , if you have the OBD-2 style connector -LRB- trapezoid shape -RRB- with an OBD-1 computer , then this scanner is for you.It also works on more up-to-date OBD-2 systems and early model OBD-1 -LRB- with adaptors -RRB- . NOTE
 The good thing about this scanner is the live - graphic data on OBDII vehicles . Also new automotive scanners must have CAN system -LRB- Controller Area Network -RRB- if they want to gather information from the vehicle . The ACTRON CP9190 comes with it.You can find out about the code or codes , the meaning of the code -LRB- s -RRB- , check the freeze frame data to see when the MIL -LRB- Malfunction Indicator Ligh = check engine light -RRB- came and in which conditions , It is really helpful when you do a diagnosis . With the Live data check the parameters of the condition of the engine . The only thing is that it does n't come with special test than other automotive scanners but other than that it is good equipment .
 Purchased this product due to it 's ability to test both OBDI and OBDII systems . Sure , there are systems out there that do a ton more than this unit , but at a ton more $ $ $ $ $ $ after all the `` extra '' modules -LRB- software and hardware -RRB- needed for a particular vehicle / test are purchased . Setup was very simple and intuitive , providing user has some knowledge of automotive systems and diagnostics . If a user is totally ignorent of these , Scan Tool will be useless to them and tests / repairs best left to professional shop . Upon reciept of unit , I immediately updated firmware on unit -LRB- simple and free service thru USB of a computer attached to internet -RRB- and tested an OBDI 94 Dodge pickup truck . Bingo . Test mode allowed me exercise devices to find a problem that did not throw a code . $ 28 dollar part fixed problem . Week later , tested a 2001 Ford Escape and fixed with a $ 36 part . I feel as though this tester has already paid for itself . For $ 300 delivered to door , this was a good purchase and am very pleased with results.Only problem ... Now entire extended family is now making `` appointments '' to have me check thier vehicles prior to inspection or if the Check Engine Light flickers .
 Used product on a 1998 Pontiac Grand Prix - OBDII - gave back nice fast results . Read codes , cleared them , recorded date . Great tool for the money.Used product on a 1995 Pontiac Bonneville - OBD 1.5 - does n't do well on transition cars built in 95 . Slow responses , trouble reading and clearing codes . Eventually it worked , but was n't easy.Used product on a 2002 Pontiac Bonneville - OBDII - works well , found codes , reset them , recorded data . Worked very well.Used product on a 2000 Buick Le Sabre - OBDII - works well , reset codes.Used product on a 1988 Pontiac Bonneville - OBDI - worked well , found and reset codes.Installation
 Bought this model primarily because most other reasonably priced scan tools wo n't work on the weird not-OBD-1or2 connection on a 1994 Park Avenue . It worked great ! Also have used it on newer OBD2 vehicles with good results .
 Does everything it says it does.I was amazed at what it can do on my 1995 Dodge 2500 with a Cummins diesel.No where near all the features you have on a newer OBDII vehicle , but It checks sensors -LRB- I didnt know I had a battery temperature sensor -RRB- , RPM , current battery charging rate , etc.can run some tests.some remote control of relays.Calling it a `` CP9190 '' , when it is a `` CP9185 '' , was a bad idea that I am certain someone got fired for . -LRB- they added cables to the `` CP9185 '' and called it a `` CP9190 '' you dont get the `` CP9190 '' because it does not exist . Think of it as a `` CP9185 Deluxe '' , and it makes sense -RRB- .
 About a year on so ago , I priced a scan tool that did not have all of the features . The price of this scan tool was about 1/10 the cost , and dose a lot more . It updates from the internet . Not compatible with 64bit systems . Covers North American , Asia , and Europe from 1996 to present , and some pre-1996 GM , Ford , and Chrysler vehicles .
 Just what I was looking for , would have given 5 stars except for the software and update process is not good at all . I paid $ 269.00 and I think it is well worth this price , even more if they would revamp the update software and update process ! ... I have updated this scanner with win 7 , 32 and 64 bit editions , so do n't give up , it will work with a little persistence and luck ... . ACTRON and/or SPX , get your act together , spend a little money and fix this problem . As simple as the update process should be , this company somehow missed the boat ... shame , shame , shame.VERY-GOOD PRODUCT ... P * SS-POOR UPDATE PROCESS AND UPDATE SOFTWARE !
 As a former Ford mechanic from the bygone 1970 's era my old code reader for my 1999 Mustang did n't work with my new 2011 Ford Ranger . I did some tinkering on the Ranger and got a `` check engine '' light . Well not wanting to get jammed by the Ford Dealer for a `` diagnosis fee '' I order this CP9185 through Amazon Prime.It arrived intact as promised with all the attachments , Win 7 dvd , printed instructions , and a case.Simply put a 9 volt battery in the unit , hooked it up to the access point under the steering wheel and read my code . Deleted the `` reduced egr flow code '' and the check engine light went out.Problem solved in 10 minutes ... nice
 The helmet was ordered for a Christmas gift and when I got it was too small the helmet had to be a returned I received excellent service they were curtiousy and made it easy to return
 While almost anything for aftermarket motorcycle products cost $ 300 or more this was a great buy and I use this with a net that I keep in my tool bag almost weekly . Highly recommended .
 After you complete the set of three -LRB- Windjammer , Duster and sun bonnet -RRB- you will find that this will give your Wrangler the best sport/offroad look . The only down thing is that you will have a two seat vehicle and you will have less leg room for driver and passenger once you push the seats a little forward.Other than that this set has been the best order I got for my Jeep yet .
 Replacement for old cell . Perfect match in form , fit and function . Item was exactly as described and was shipped promptly .
 I loved they way they fit and perform . I am an avid outdoors man . They handle the snow , , mud and tree branches great . Would recommend this product to anyone with pets or outdoors person .
 The helmet was ordered for a Christmas gift and when I got it was too small the helmet had to be a returned I received excellent service they were curtiousy and made it easy to return
 This product in winter causes the engine to warm up quickly ; which in turn increases mpg slightly driver 's comfort level . Fits perfectly . In summer I expect it to keep radiator clean . I would recommend it to friends and family .
 Ordered this dual cat-back exhaust for my wife 's '03 F-150 as a surprise gift . Item was received quickly , box was open as if it was n't taped on one side . After laying out the items for installation , the tips for the exhaust were either not included or were removed prior to arrival . Contacted Amazon and they refunded 25 % of entire order . The assembly was smooth and took around an hour and a half . I clamped the exhaust on and did n't worry about welding as the clamps that came with the exhaust were more than enough to keep this exhaust in place for years down to the road and I did n't want the exhaust to start rusting where the weld marks were made . As far as sound , has a good deep tone when driving and at idle it is a quiet . I recommend this product for anyone looking at purchasing a Magnaflow Cat-Back exhaust system .
 This is a great exhaust system . I bought this as a replacement to my flowmaster that was aluminized steel -LRB- rusted out and fell apart after 6 years -RRB- . I wish I would have bought this in the first place . Since its stainless steel I know it will hold up better and it is worth the extra money . The exhaust and hardware look good after going through the winter.Installation was pretty easy . The only challenge is getting the pipes fitted correctly to keep them straight and the same height on exit . But since they are so adjustable you can make sure the pipes do not rub on anything .
 The helmet was ordered for a Christmas gift and when I got it was too small the helmet had to be a returned I received excellent service they were curtiousy and made it easy to return
 Much cheaper than the auto-parts store wanted to charge and Bosch quality to boot . Easy to install and fit my stock bracket perfectly -LRB- your results may vary -RRB- .
 The belt arrived in about a week , a little slow for Amazon . It was the proper size for my 2004 Beetle 1.8 T and installed without issue . Guess time will tell about how long it will be in service .
 The helmet was ordered for a Christmas gift and when I got it was too small the helmet had to be a returned I received excellent service they were curtiousy and made it easy to return
 When I first received this product one of the mirrors was not attached to the motor mount correctly so I requested a replacement and sent the defective mirrors back with the included directions and the two CIPA HOT SPOTS mirrors.I received the replacement mirrors a few days later and the electric mirrors were fine this time but one of the CIPA HOT SPOTS -LRB- # 49702 -RRB- mirrors was broken and the included installation directions were for a different model of electric mirrors.I did not send the mirrors back this time and I did not request a new HOT SPOTS mirror . I looked up the installation instructions online and went ahead and installed the electric mirrors without difficulty . They work fine.These mirrors were sold at about half the price that I was able to find locally so in general I am please with them . The HOT SPOTS mirror looked like it was broken due to inadequate packaging from the factory .
 The pair or CIPA 70100 's were not a pair . Right side OK , left side Who knows ? The remaining part of the purchase was the best purchase/return ever . Not wanting to try online , I called a customer service rep. She made it simple . I followed her lead and was able to take the package to UPS and receive a correct replacement the next day . Very positive experience , so much so that I will tend toward Amazon rather than just price when purchasing online .
 I bought my truck used so I did n't wind up with extendable mirrors . I used clamp on mirrors when I was towing . Backing was difficult because the right mirror was convex . These mirrors are large and both sides are flat . The wedge convex mirrors that are add ons work good and do n't obstruct the other mirrors.The mirrors mounted easy . The supplier has a vidieo with good hints for mounting .
 I had a set on a earlier vehicle I owned . Mirros allow twice as much view as stock mirrors.Anyone who tows a enclosed trailer should try these .
 Great product . Easy installation . Much cheaper than buying from Chevy dealer . Prompt delivery .
 Lowest price around . The mirrors are great but the packing for shipment could have been better . One of the small spot mirrors was broken during shipping , but for the price , I did not care . I did not intend to use the ones I got anyway . The wrong set of installation directions came with the mirrors , but the product site has the correct ones . I really did not need them anyway . Very easy to install on my year truck .
 These tow mirrors are great ! I bought them for my 2002 GMC Sierra Crew Cab 4x4 truck . Installation was a breeze and they work well and look nice . I was worried about excessive vibration on a mirror this large , but the vibration level is acceptable . These make towing much more enjoyable . Also included in the box were a set of spot mirrors . These mirrors look great on the truck .
 Mirrors work and look nice . Installation about 15 min each.Can ' t wait to tow with them . Quick delivery , best price I found . Would purchase again .
 I have used countless other products but always come back to Leather New . I have been using it since I was a kid and it 's all I use now I do n't try other stuff anymore .
 Applied to an old leather jacket that was dry , cracked and brittle . This oil brought it back to life as though it was new again . Leather is soft and supple , and I am happy as heck . -LRB- no lie -RRB- This is the oil you need to restore leather , forget those other products fancy names like , mink oil , saddle soap , whatever ... You 've tried the rest , not try the best ...
 The way this product is described , I had high expectations . We purchased this to condition my husband favorite 7 yr old &#34; television viewing leather chair &#34; - it is a super soft and smooth leather that could easily be ruined with petroleum based oils and/or man made waxes ; we also wanted to condition a new leather chair & ottoman that has a smooth soft finish as well . This product made the 7 yr old chair look as supple and great as the new one ! Just as claimed , there is absolutely no residue to worry about ... We let the conditioner sink in for a bit then my husband buffed the chairs with a soft cotton cloth and WOW ! they looked fabulous ! The stuff even smells nice when it 's being applied . I would recommend this product .
 I ordered this product with some other items for my horses . Shipping was fairly quick . I love this product . I have used it on some new saddles to help break them in and to soften the leather . I also used Leather New on a pair of old dried out cowboy boots . After cleaning the boots with saddle soap I let them dry and then applied a generous amount of Leather New . Afer letting the boots dry for a day or two I applied a second coat of the Leather New and let them dry for another day . Now those old dry boots are softer and not susceptible to cracking any longer . It does seem to proect against moisture by not letting much water absorb into leather but does not seem to be an actual waterproofer . The 16 oz . size seems like it will last a while . After using it on two saddles and my boots a couple of times each I still have well over half a bottle left . I applied it generously -LRB- not dripping off the leather but enough to make the leather damp -RRB- . Leather New seems to go a long way and you will need a sponge or old cloth to apply it . It is runny , like oil , but can be easily worked with and has a pop up squirt top so you do not have to pour large amounts out .
 It arrived on time and was a little difficult to install -LRB- tight fit -RRB- but once it is in , all is good !
 I did two cars with this today , I 'll start wih my car . I have a 2004 Kia Spectra . It did n't bead water and there was n't much shine and the paint was very dull gold metallic . I used this product as directed and what a difference . The paint is now a lot brighter and you can see yourself in the reflective shine . It looks like a brand new car now . While using this product , there was black stuff coming off the car onto the rag which I believe was either deep down dirt or the oxidation of the paint . . whatever it was , the transformation of the car was astounding.Well , it worked so good on my car , I decided to try it on my wifes 2012 Kia Sorento Dark Cherry . We got the car a month ago and they waxed it when we bought it and you could see the swirl marks from when they had applied it . Did n't look very good in the sun . So I decided to start with the hood . After I finished the hood , I thought I was in big trouble . The swirl marks were even worse and there were water marks all over it -LRB- you apply this product with a damp cloth -RRB- . So I decided to wash the hood again with just water and then dried it with a microfiber cloth . That took away the swirls and the water marks and what a shine and what a relief :-RRB- so after that did the rest of the car and every section I did had the same results and a wash with water and dry with cloth did the trick . After doing the driver 's door and comparing it to the back door , there just was no comparison . The reflection in the drivers door was brighter and clearer than the back door . On the rag on this one was yellow coming off , probably the wax the dealer had used . We will see how long it lasts , but the initial results are outstanding . I would recommend this product to everyone . I will update after a while and see how long it lasts . The directions tell you to apply a second coat after 30 days , I might try that on the wifes car and leave mine with just the initial coat and see what happens .
 I bought this polish a while aback and applied it following the instructions in december 12 . The application was easy , once it dried was just a matter of wiping it off . Only thing though , it highlights scratches and so I have a few that are a bit more visible now . No worries really ... jus letting you know.Almost 8 months later and it 's still working . I know this because when I wash my car or it rains , the water beads up very nicely . Four months to go to see if it lives up to the one year promise.Would recommend based on my experience so far !
 In my opinion this is the best car polish I have ever used , I have been using it for a while now and wo n't use anything else , Excellent Product .
 I 've been there and done that with products I 've seen on infomercials and have read raving reviews about but cam up small in the results they promised . This product definitely delivers ! They results was more than what I was expecting . Although this products claims that you can apply the polish in the sunlight I would HIGHLY recommend that you do it in the shade because this products dry extremely fast and you will find yourself rubbing extensively to remove it . What I did :1 . Wash car -LRB- obviously -RRB- 2 . Find a shaded area3 . Use a damp clothe to apply a thin coating -LRB- helps it to spread -RRB- 4 . Wait for 5 to 7 seconds and thoroughly wipe ofEven after I buffed the area I was polished I continued to buff it another 30 seconds or so to insure that the product absorbs properly to avoid the 2nd day white mist that some people experience .
 I was just reading a High end European car forum . Discussed was how you have to use Meguires or Mothers Gold , clay , etc. . Many were insisting that you had to spend some big money and get it right . That could n't be further from the truth . Nu-Finish works and really will protect your paint and is a fraction of cost of other designer waxes . Nu-Finish IS NOT A WAX , it 's a POLISH . Why wax a clear coat anyway ? Waxing a clearcoat is dumber than a bag of hammers.Nu-Finish will not harm a clearcoat , absolutely will not . It shines as good as any car wax and lasts a long , long time . This stuff works . If it did n't it would not have lasted so long . Look at the high ratings . Screw those expensive designer waxes that last about a week , get some Nu-Finish , the professional detailers secret !
 I would like to post a review again because I just applied Nu Finish today.After a snow storm in Boston , as a California native I was so worried how this bad weather would damage my new 2 weeks old Nissan Versa . I immediately went to Target today and got everything I needed to wash my car since the sun was out . Yay . -LRB- Btw I was lucky I never use Nu Finish before but it was the only polish they have in Target so I just grabbed it -RRB- Anyway , I wash my car as usual , dry it with a micro-fiber cloth.After that I wash the cloth and apply some nu finish on it.I was a little skeptical because it was 32F in Boston when I was washing my car.I was so worried if the polish would freeze or somehow reacted weird.I applied the polish all over my car little by little.At the end I use a clean dry cloth and start buffing -LRB- well just wiping it in a circular motion without much pressure . -RRB- Ta-da ! After 2 hours in the cold it was completely worth it . Now I can make sure my new car is protected by the salt and the snow.I guess I will have to apply again in 2-3 weeks later as it said -LRB- apply again in 30 days -RRB- . I was too excited I forgot to tell you that my car is so smooth it feels smoother than the time I got it brand new from the dealership.And I can see the reflection of my happy face on the car .
 I got tired of waxing my car every 4-5 weeks and decided to see if the `` once a year '' car polish rang true . This stuff is the real deal . I ca n't say that it 'll last a year , but it still shines and repels water after 4 months , and thats better then anything else I 've ever used . No fancy names , adjectives , or packaging - just a very good , resilient , and reasonably priced car polish .
 Saw this product on TV a few weeks back and was impressed by the commercial . At the same time I was also very curious to try if this stuff really works . Got a bottle yesterday from Wal-Mart and first tried it on my fianc&eacute; 's sister 's 15 + years old Mitsubishi since it 's the most lackluster vehicle on the drive way . And I must say , I was totally blown away ! I applied a small circle of the product on a random spot and after wiping the dried solution off , the spot is * significantly * shinier , smoother , and deeper in color . Everyone crowded around the experimental area and was very impressed with the results . We ended up applying Nu Finish on the hood and truck of the sister 's old car and my 10-year old Acura . You can actually feel the difference on the finish and Nu Finish even removed the stains on my back bumper from bird droppings a year ago.With the application process this easy and the results this stunning . It 's really hard to say no . Give it a try , it 's well worth the < $ 10 you will spend at your local Wal-Mart . Or Amazon . = -RRB-
 This product really works . It made my white 2000 suv shine and look like new . It also cleans stains and particles that are stuck on . I had a little rust spot and it cleaned that too . All that 's let from the rust spot is the chipped paint where the rust originated from . Great product , you wo n't be disappointed !
 This polish is easy to use and it gives excellent results . I do n't use it in my car because it makes it look darker , so I use a paint cleaner and then wax , but if you do n't want to spend a lot of time detailing your vehicle , go for it . It also lasts a long time - and keep in mind that it has to cure , at least , a week or so . It is normal to see some streaks at first , but they 'll go away . It leaves the paint very shiny .
 CONS - The instructions fail to warn the consumer that a liquid oxidation remover should be used before applying Nu-Finsh to an older car . I was left with a white haze on my hood and roof that can not be wiped or buffed away . If your car has tiny scratches , even those that you can not see , Nu-Finish accentuates them . Check their website before using this product . They have instructions there that do n't appear on the bottle.PROS - Aside from the haze and now-brilliant scratches on certain parts of my 7-year old vehicle -LRB- which really are n't that bothersome to me , but may be to you -RRB- , this product left a beautiful shine.Wipe on . Wipe off . No buffing . I used two cloths ; one to wipe off the polish , and another to pull up the shine . Very little effort is needed to wipe the polish away and create a gorgeous shine.Do not polish the entire car and then attempt to wipe the polish off . I got ahead of myself and polished too large an area . The longer the polish dries , the harder you 'll rub to get it off . Work in small sections.Water beads up perfectly . It rolls off the car like water off a duck 's back.All in all , I am very pleased with this product . I 'll never go back to a car wax that needs brow-sweat and elbow-grease to remove it . They do n't even come close to producing a Nu-Finish shine . *** UPDATE *** May 2009 . I had a small amount left in the bottle I purchased 3 years ago . I used it to wax my car . It 's still as good as the day I bought it .
 Up here in the Midwest , a long lasting wax is a big bonus for auto-finish protection . Unless you have a heated garage with drains , or are willing to pay to detail your car during the winter months , the temperature prohibits you to wax between November and April.I have tried over four version of Meguiar wax , as it was the `` premium '' brand pushed by the parts dealers . None of them could stand up to the grime and road salt . By January , all the protection is gone and you are down to relying on the clearcoat to protect the finish.I came across the Nu Finish by accident . Once I was away from home when my car received a large dose of bird droppings . I washed the droppings off and tried to give the paint some temporary protection until I got home . I went to the local Walgreen and I came across the Nu Finish . It stated it could be used under the sun , so I bought a bottle . It did apply and came off quite easily.A month later , I discovered a marked difference in the painted surface as I washed my car . The area treated with Nu Finish is smooth , while the other area with Meguiar Gold Class was squeaky by comparison . The Nu Finish area beads water , the Gold Class does not . That 's when I realized perhaps the Nu Finish really worked.That fall , I waxed my entire car with Nu Finish . 30 days later , I applied a second coat per recommendation . That winter , my car was mostly covered with thick road salt 90 % of the time . Spring came and I hand-washed my car again , guess what , the water still beaded , the surface was still smooth!So , I am convinced that the wax can at least provide six months of protection through the harshest environment . If you live up in the colder region , I highly recommend it . It is the only wax I know of that lasts that long.When you apply it , using a damp applicator can help you deliver a thinner coat that is easier to come off . It also contains a lot of potent solvent that could rub off road grease , glue , insects , etc. . . So you do n't need the tar remover with this wax.It also contains no oil -LRB- that I know of -RRB- , so unlike the Gold Class , it is not a dust magnet . The car stays clean a whole lot longer.Now to the downsides : * It is the worst smelling wax I have ever encountered . It smells like turpentine and paint thinner mixed together . * It dries white , so protect your dark trims during waxing . * Some people do not like the shine it provides , although it looks good to me . It is no Zaino shine , but it is less than 1/10 of the Zaino System price . It also outlasts the Zaino -LRB- and any other wax I know -RRB- . So for less than $ 10 a bottle , you can not go wrong . If it is paint protection you need , there is no better wax on the market .
 For the record , the car I used this on is a silver 2006 Honda Accord Coupe -LRB- V6AT , if anyone cares -RRB- . I admit I 've somewhat neglected the paint since I first bought the car -LRB- 6 months earlier , used -RRB- , but have manned-up to the task now , as a California summer beating would KILL my paint.After reading a ton of reviews , on a ton of products , it came down to purchasing a silicone based product like Nu Finish , or a Teflon based product like 5 Star Shine , as waxing my car every few weeks wo n't fit on my agenda . Since 5 Star Shine is more expensive than I 'd like , and there is n't a wide user base to consult on the product , I chose silicone.FYI , silicone sealants work differently than waxes . The benefits
 I bought a 5 year old Mitsubishi Magna -LRB- Diamante -RRB- about 6 months ago . The previous owner was a travelling salesperson that covered thousands of Kilometres of Australia . When i first picked up the car the paintwork seemed to have suffered from the abuse of the Australian sun and a lack of care . It felt very rough and had some unusual stains and scratches on the bonnet and boot.That was until i started using Nu-Finish on my car . After 2 applications the paintwork is smooth and gleams . Ive never seen water bead off a car like this . I highly recommend this to all car enthusiasts . There is no need to spend $ 100 on another brand of polish . This is all you need.PS
 I did not purchase the nufinish from amazon but was compelled to leave a review . I am relatively new to car care . I started using mothers and meguiars through advice from friends . Although the shine of those products was appealing , the labor used to constantly update the shine on my car was a deterrent . After perusing forums and always seeing the orange bottle on the shelves of car care stores I decided to purchase a bottle and try it out on my girlfriends car . Her silver metallic vw golf that is left out in the hot and salty hawaiian sun was in dire need of protection . All I did was wash the car with meguiars NXT car wash , given to me free from a fried leaving the island , and then I applied the nufinish . It was a benefit to be able to apply the polish in the sun . The polish went on as easy as any wax that i 've used , just make sure to use a damp applicator as many people have noted . Removal was just as easy , using a microfiber cloth I removed all the polish and what was left behind was a beautifully shining vw golf . I even surprised my gf , when she saw the car she was really impressed.I then tried the polish on my pearl white 2010 RD and was equally impressed with the results . I even applied the polish to all of the windows , which was easier than applying rain-x . Also , I applied the polish to my rims and that made them sparkle . All I can say is that I 'm a convert . To me , the shine is just as good as a carnauba wax and should hold up much longer . Even if it lasts only half a year , that 's much longer than what carnauba can do.Reading the forums on car care , you read a lot of people bash nufinish because it 's cheap , those people can pay whatever they want for high priced waxes that last for 2 months at most . I 'll stick with nufinish to protect my vehicles.Next up , my mother 's SL550 , and maybe my next outrigger canoe
 I got a used 03 Honda Civic which had a okay paint finish with no shine . I used Meguair 's ultimate rubbing compound followed by SwirlX and then gold class wax . It looked great for a few days and then when it became a bit hot the wax attracted way too much dust and all the finish was gone in a week.Then I thought of giving this a try , and boy it is wonderful . Takes 1/10 of the time it took me to do all the charade with Meguair 's to apply -LRB- what a utter waste of time and energy -RRB- . Gives a lovely shiny look to the paint -LRB- my car is black and it look even more elegant -RRB- . Very easy to apply and buff off . I have got two coats of this on and I get compliments about my paint from my neighbors . It outshines a 06 Toyota Corolla -LRB- black -RRB- in our parking lot . Does not attract dust and beads water beautifully.As others have mentioned above , this needs to be buffed off as soon you see a haze , otherwise it is quite difficult to buff off . So , a small section at a time is the secret . It does n't smell too bad as someone has commented . It does make leave white marks on black plastic parts which I have got rid of by using Oleum 's rust remover.In summary , highly recommended if you are a regular person -LRB- not an extreme car enthusiast who has hours to waste on detailing -RRB- who has limited time but still wants to protect your car 's paint , this is the best product for its price in the market for you . Try it and you will be happy . Best product I have used on my car paint .
 I totally agree with the other folks here -- Nu Finish rocks ! I 've used it as long as I can rememeber . Easy to put on and take off . Hate the `` white stuff '' ! A couple of tricks you may like -- Since it `` cleans '' with some sort of solvent make the first pass VERY VERY thin & quick . Notice how much dirt , even from a clean car . This preps and smooths the surface , fills the smallest imperfections to bring them up to level the surface . Then another pass a little while later , say after doing -LRB- cleaning cycle -RRB- the whole car . Makes a BIG difference in shine 'cause the surface is physically much smoother and any residual dirt is gone -LRB- rather than embedded within the polish -RRB- . And , the `` white stuff '' gets in the texture of the plastic . So a brush is needed to remove it to dig into the divits . Not easy but do-able . Electric toothbrushes are best.Be safe out there !
 My white car had many light scratches , as well as stains from parking under a tree , which I could n't get out with soap and water . The nufinish removes them or covers them all up beautifully , and hardly took any work to put on and get off , even in direct sunlight .
 I 've tried many waxes and polishes for several years . I finally found a way to make my black car shine like new - really . If you clean your car well -LRB- I 've begun using Green Earth Technologies G Wash -RRB- and apply Nu Finish -LRB- following the directions on Nu Finish bottle - apply again within 30 days -RRB- , you car will shine . After two applications of Nu Finish , apply Meguars Gold Class wax , and your car will have an amazing deep shine . I bought a buffer for $ 20 and swear that this regimen makes my car shine longer than any car wash or even professional detail -LRB- I paid for one once - this saves you at least $ 300 - $ 400 and I got better results -RRB- .
 I 've pretty much used them all . The whole Zaino system really does a great job , probably superior to NuFinish , but for the price and ease of use , you just ca n't beat this product . I 've never used a product that is so easy to remove without smearing , lasts so long , and shines so bright . The smell is n't pretty , but who cares ? Use once or twice a year for great long-lasting shine . One tip though - keep the wax off of your black plastic exterior parts or it will turn them white .
 This polish has some `` cleaner '' properties which will take out light water spots and will dissolve fresh sap , tar , bug etc. . Very easy and convenient but because of the cleaner properties I have stayed away from clear coat finishes just as a personal rule . Do n't go crazy with the amount you apply , just more work to buff off . Stay away from plastic and rubber trim , pretty sure it says so on the bottle , I have not yet been able to get the white haze off of a Honda Pilot bumper trim but that was my fault . In the right circumstance there is nothing cheaper , easier and more effective . Note
 to all you car buffs out there try this stuff with a da buffer you wont beleve the shine , and its as smooth as glass
 I 've been using this stuff on cars for a few years . I like it because i 'm lazy , wipe on , wipe off , no buffing . This stuff is so much easier than conventional wax.I 've recently started using it on my boat . My wax job on the hull still shines and repels water stains 1 full year later . I 've recently waxed the gelcoat on the topsides , to decent results . I anticipated white stains where i accidentally waxed nonskid , but it turned into a non-issue . Conventional wisdom is to use rubbing compound , caranauba wax , a big buffer/sander and a lot of time . I just scuff up with a magic eraser and glob on the nu finish . The hard way might get better looking results for a boat , but this gets decent protection from stain and oxidization and a decent shine and that 's all I need.And this stuff does indeed stink . And watch out where you put the rags soaked in the stuff . I 've got a nice white stain on my rug now.I 've heard this stuff works on your windshield , like RainX . Do you believe that ?
 As far as I am concerned Nu Finish Car Polish is the best polish I have ever used and over many years I have tried so many others I do n't even want to think about it . Now I am back to using Nu Finish and am very happy with how long it lasts . It may not produce the best shine I have ever seen but it provides protection and beads up on a cars finish for a long , long time after application . I find it quite easy to apply and wipe off with no streaking , etc. . It survives many car washes unlike so many others I have used .
 Car waxes seem to come with sizzle and hype . I do n't think Nu Finish lasts a whole year , but it 's worked well for me and does well in independent tests.PROs : * More durable than other liquid waxes according to Consumer Reports -LRB- Nov 2011 -RRB- * Inexpensive -LRB- see Pricing below -RRB- - Easy to apply - Good shelf life -LRB- see Note 1 -RRB- CONs : - Not as durable as some paste waxes - - - Alternatives - - - Nu Finish Paste Car PolishorTurtle Wax T-465 8 Oz Ice Polish Paste - - - Pricing - - - Amazon price swings mostly between 7 and 11 . Wal-Mart has it for under 9 . There 's an `` Online Price Alert '' that will email you whenever this or any amazon product dips below your target price . Google it . It 's nicely done . Or try camemcamelcamel . - - - Notes - - - Note 1
 My roommate and I both tried this out on our respective cars and we both love it . The water beads beautifully after applied . It 's great because we can apply it out in the sun . Follow other people 's advice and do not apply over too large a patch . It gets sticky really fast and is hard to buff off it you leave it too long . Did n't take more than an hour and a half to apply to a my Matrix . -LRB- I 'll probably be faster next time since I know what to expect now -RRB-
 I been using this stuff for 10 years , and it brings very nice finishes for your clear coat . It doesnt require much buffering , and its shinny once after the haze . The hazing only takes a few minutes , and then can be removed after . Do n't use it on the regular unpainted plastics .
 Nu Finish is the best performing car wax - because it still looks good and lasts for months & months . I have never been able to get it to last a year , but it definitely lasts for 3 to 6 months MINIMUM . I started using this stuff ... 15 or more years ago , on several different cars over time , and it has always worked very well for me . I ca n't recommend it enough .
 I `` ve found after many years of using this product best results are acheived by doing small sections at a time , like haif of hood or a fender or a door . For best results appy to a section , let haze about 5 minutes then wipe off . Immediatly reaply to same section as before for a smooth and ultimate shine . I hope this helps with this great product . My vehicles look like the day I bought them . 2007 nissan frontier and2011 Honda Pilot .
 by watching the commercial and taking into considerations the positive reviews of this product made me buy one today at autozone same price with amazon , following the instructions and apply it on my 1 year old car one section section at a time my car is slightly shiny but when i apply it on my 12 year old well kept car i see a big improvement .
 This product has it all over other car polishes . Even after going through numerous car washes , it leaves a high gloss shine and a satin finish . Now I can use my time for other activities .
 I have used this for years on several vehicles . It goes on easy , comes off easy and lasts a long time . I usually go several months between applications and the vehicle still looks good . A great product at a great price .
 I have had this sitting in my garage for the past year and about a week ago I used it to polish my daughters 2004 BMW X3 . I am sure this car has not been polished in about 5 years and it is parked outside at her college in PA so it was looking rather rough when I started . It took about an hour to do the entire SUV and the level of effort was only moderate . The results were honestly amazing . The X3 now looks about as good as I could imagine but what truly amazing to me is that after driving the car on three separate occasions in the rain the car almost looks as if it has just been washed . This stuff really repels water . It not perfect but it 's impressive . Overall I am very happy - easy to apply , works well and fairly inexpensive .
 I have been using Nu-Finish since 1995 , when I got a black pickup . I still use it , I have an SUV now and do not want to wax it often-it 's just too big . You use this product , wait 30 days and apply a 2nd coat , and it WILL last a year . I gave a bottle to my Father years ago and he still uses it . Same with my Husband . Dad and Hubby are car fanatics . You ca n't go wrong no matter what if you buy this . Lasts a whole year , shines , and beads . What more could you want ? This is not a cleaner-wax . It 's a product you can built coats on . Clean your car first .
 I take very good care of my car . I am very particular about what I wash it with , how often I wash it and what I wax it with . This is the only wax I will use on my car . The finish on the car when I am done is absolutely amazing . You can see yourself in the reflection . The towel slides across the paint and falls on the floor if you throw a towel on the finished job . If it rains , the water beads and runs off . This wax is excellent ! It is also very easy to apply since it is a liquid and not a paste . It also comes off very easy too , saving you some elbow grease . I highly recommend this wax !
 I have used Nu Finish for a lot of years and I will always use it as long as I can find a place to purchase it . With arthritic shoulders , it makes polishing anything much easier and it is as good as it is advertised .
 I have a black car and have had it for 7 years now . I Bought my car new ... but never used Nu Finish on it until just this past weekend . I do polish my car usually twice a year . Well , a year has passed and i didnt polish it at all in a year . . I admit that I use a electric polisher on my car and then i wax it . The compound i use is a mix of compounds that i mix myself for my black car . After that I wax the car . I have used Klassie wax from Germany and Liquid Glass . Before i was able to use Nu Finish this weekend after polishing the car . . i noticed already the on the spoiler on my car it looked like it rained milk raindrops on it and the polishing didnt make them budge at all . The very top of the car has a small amount on it but the spoiler has plenty . Nu Finish didnt do this to my car at all . . as i put it on a section and then wipe it off . I USE A THIN COAT NOT A THICK COAT OF NU FINISH !! i came to work today and a coworker and my boss said . . WOW YOUR CAR IS VERY SHINEY !! I do notice that the car has a deeper blackness to it from the polishing compounds but also i must say the Nu Finish has added to it also . . and the car has a gloss and shine better than before for the last 7 years ! Better than the 5 times out of the 7 years of polishing . IT ALMOST LOOKS LIKE A NEW PAINT JOB FROM AT LEAST 10 FEET AWAY but as you get closer you can see the nicks and dings that have taken the paint off from pebbles and specs of road dirt and car doors hitting my car in parking lots . Nu Finish has not harmed my black car at all . IN SECTONS , WIPE ON THIN COAT . . WIPE OFF !!
 I had my doubts about this product . After all , this was advertised on TV when I was a kid . I thought it had to be too old school , too antiquated to be a good product in this era of technology . But I was impressed with the results . My stepdad told me it did wonders for his Lexus and Mercedes . I was n't sure I wanted this touching my car , but he offered to polish and wax my car with Nu Finish , so I agreed . The results are great . My car has a great shine , is repelling rain with ease and I do n't think it 's looked this good for a long time.So thanks to my stepdad 's sweat and effort and thanks to Nu Finish for a lasting shine . -LRB- I did use Meguiar 's clay before polishing -RRB-
 This is by far THE best car , boat wax ever ! So easy to put on and wipe off and leaves the fiberglass super slippery . If you have oxidation , then you 'll need a cleaner wax first , but once you get all of the bad stuff off , or if you are using this on a new car , boat whatever , this is perfect . We use this on our sailboat and after 9 months of cruising she still looks brand new . My husband has used this on his 1996 Monte carlo since he got it 12 years ago , and the shine is unbelievable.We put a coat on everything about 4-6 times a year since we live in the blazing Florida sun .
 I started using NuFinish since the early 80s . Very easy to use . Leaves a great shine on my cars and love watching the rain bead up . Good product .
 My favorite feature is that you can apply in sunshine , although I try not to but I have a life , you know . Anyway , it protects well , lasts a very long time -LRB- I 'm not sure about one year - maybe if the car is kept in a garage -RRB- , and it leaves a great polished look.I suggest using a clay bar , or the likes of one , to fully clean the paint before applying Nu Finish . You do n't have to do that but I 'm just stubborn like that - if you 're gon na spend a lot of time doing something good you might as well go the whole nine yards .
 First , I washed the car , dried it , and took off the oxidation -LRB- this is an EXTREMELY CRITICAL step -RRB- with POLISHING COMPOUND . If you do n't take off the oxidized gunk and old wax residue , the Nu-Finish might leave a white haze over the oxidized paint.After that , I applied Nu-Finish on the paint job , let it dry , and buffed it off with a soft t-shirt material . I 'm really pleased with how easily it buffs out . The Nu-Finish shine is fantastic . True to what other reviewers have said , it does smell like paint thinner , but it 's not a strong smell . Others have said it leaves a white residue on plastic bumpers and plastic trim ... it does not ; at least not on my 1998 Toyota 's plastic bumper & trim . I 'm sure it has to do with the new plastics nowadays ; that it does not absorb waxes and other chemicals . Test it first with your car 's plastic trim , and avoid getting Nu-Finish on it . Aside from its intended use , I 've used Nu-Finish on the glass , and when it rains , the water just beads off!Nu - Finish does work . If you wash your car every week for a whole year , it 's still on there !
 Just because its cheap does n't mean its not the best ! , I read it was rated # 1 in a leading Consumer magazine , this was many years ago , must say the wax lasts a long time longer then any wax I have used , the shine is just fine , for 5.95 its a bargin and do n't really think more expensive waxes give you that much if any of a better shine .
 PROS
 In short
 The critics are comparing this to Carnuba Wax . It is a whole different thing . Carnuba last a short time , looks amazing , and requires a lot of prep and application time . This applies fast , requires minimal prep and stays on 7-8 times longer then carnuba . Carnuba is for someone with a lot of time or a show car . On my daily driver -LRB- an Audi -RRB- I use this product . It protects longer then anything else and is basically one step . Quick easy and great . On my Porsche I use a synthetic + Carnuba and wax it monthly . If I had a show car or a car that was driven 2-3k miles a year , I would use Carnuba . The people criticizing this product are not putting it into the context that is was designed for . It gives maximum protection with minimal work . Carnuba gives maximum looks with maximum work , and a short period of protection . Sure if these critics use the wrong product for their needs they will not like the result . One should identify their needs prior to selecting a product and they will be really happy . Just my two cents , oh well , I have to go wax my car . Bye
 Nu Finish gives your car a nice shine , it is easy to apply and remove . On the plus side it can be applied in direct sunlight -LRB- no sweating in the garage -RRB- and gives a nice shine . The down side is that if it gets on anything black plastic -LRB- My corolla has black door handles , mirors and door trim -RRB- it turns it a white color . I found another product called `` Mequiar 's Cleaner Wax '' that works well to remove the white smears , but it is still a pain . You should be extra carefull around plastic when using this product .
 very easy to apply and rub off , especially compared to other waxes i have tried , water seems to bead up great and finish is smooth and clean , not bad for $ 9 bucks
 I tried comparing nu finish with car lack/klasse aio by rubbing each on a compact disc . It was apparent that none of these products have any abrasives in it becuase the cd was stil smooth . But after washing the disc i noticed that the side that was applied nu finish had a kind of smoky layer of lotion that is quite hard to clean . While the side that had been applied by car lack/klasse was clean after being washed with water.I think this shows that nu finish has additional ijgredient that make it lasts longer than klasse .
 wow this thing makes the car have shine really welll love it
 My local Walmart has the exact same item at the exact same size and it is $ 4.00 less than Amazon . Usually Amazon has the lowest prices on almost everything .
 I used this on 3 sides of my travel trailer with the 4th needing a but more buffing . As long as the surface is shiny , this stuff works great to continue protecting your investment . Just as the bottle says , wipe it on and let it haze then wipe it off . That 's all I did in direct sunlight during the heat of the day and it looked perfect . I am really happy and so glad other rated it so highly so I would give it a try .
 I have an 11 year old Civic that I had never waxed . Washed it and used Nu Finish on it over the weekend . It went on easy and came off easy . Car shines like new and looks great . I put my lunch on the roof of my car this morning and it started to slide off . No issues with hazing or scratches standing out , but it was harder to get off of the black plastic pieces of my car -LRB- I 'll be more careful next time -RRB- . I will use this product again .
 I am no car detailing expert -LRB- in fact , probably the opposite -RRB- , but I am pleased with the performance of NuFinish . This is NOT a polish -LRB- which removes paint -RRB- . From what I understand , it is more like what one would use to wax a car -LRB- except that it 's not a wax -RRB- . It is very easy to apply because it is in liquid form , and I had no problem wiping it off completely . In the end , I even began to apply the `` polish '' across larger areas before wiping , since the haze did not seem to resist coming off even after it dried for a little while -LRB- not recommended -RRB- . I could tell that it worked because of the shine and the smaller water beads . I 've seen people wax their cars , and it definitely looks like a pain compared to what I did to coat the car with NuFinish . Hopefully it will stay on the car like advertised.Edit
 I have been using Nu Finish for many years and it really works . Longest lasting wax/polish/sealant ! Make sure not to use dish washing detergent when washing your car , it will strip wax , use a car wash liquid .
 I have babied every car I have ever driven . . from my first Nissan 240SX to the Porsche 997 Carrera 4S and BMW X5 that I own currently . As a `` car guy '' and someone who finds spending 2 hours detailing a car `` fun '' and `` relaxing '' , I 've tried the gamut of products out there.Agreed , there are polishes and waxes that are superior in terms of shine and clarity . However , let 's be honest , if you actually drive your car -LRB- my 911 is a daily driver -RRB- , protection and great shine are critical -LRB- in that order -RRB- . Natural waxes are temporary and so are the best synthetic brands . How long they last is not just a factor of the polish or wax used , but whether the car is garaged , driven or parked in the baking sun , plowing through snow and salt , etc. . Time will runs its course , and you will need to reapply anything you purchase in a matter of months . That being said , NuFinish is INCREDIBLE ... It has a slight odor , which you 'll get over in minutes . It goes on easy , comes of easy . Follow the instructions and buff off sooner than later . Avoid direct sunlight , as a good general recommendation . And behold a deep , glossy shine with pharmaceutical grade protection . My 997 is meteor gray metallic and BMW , black sapphire black metallic . Solid shine , excellent clarity and protection against the elements that lasts for at least 6 months . FYI , `` beading '' water means nothing . It 's a selling point , I know ... but it means nothing . There 's more to it than that ... And one last point , for those who refer to their car 's paint with such amor and discuss how potentially hazardous the `` chemicals '' in NuFinish can be , remember its a car -- not the skin of a baby . Agreed , I double check the composition of whichever wipes I use for my 2 year old , but today 's car finishes are resilient and can withstand a lot more than people assume . Advertising is often full of big claims , but let 's remember that the scientists that devise products test them a lot more rigourously than you , or I , some `` enthusiast '' on a random car forum.NuFinish works . Relax . Get a bottle . Try it . You 'll be happy . PS ... I earned 3rd place in Porsche Club of America Concours Event after using NuFinish . Why 3rd you ask ? Because under my passenger seat , the judges found a few petrified Cheerios . Was n't kidding about my car being a daily driver , 2 year old harnessed into his carseat !
 I have a new car -LRB- Kia Soul -RRB- painted deep red . I 've been looking for a good polish or wax.I tried zymol car wax ... This created a nice shine but left a dust storm of residue that found it 's way into every crack . It was expensive and a real pain.I tried Mcguire 's Cleaner Wax ... Not bad honestly but it did not give the wet shine results I was hoping for.I tried Turtle Wax Ice ... This is supposed to shine plastic parts like bumper and grill plastic as well as paint . It did n't do much for my black plastic trim and it did an average job on the paint.Purchased a bottle of liquid Nu Finish and WHOA ! It went on easy . Dried to a haze quickly . Came off easily . It left a deep wet shine . I was completely sold for the new car . I tried it on my 10 year old car with good paint . It did an equally great job there to ! I 'm not sure if the formula has changed much but I think this stuff has been around for a while . I guess why change something that works ?
 I am a 73 year old Classic Car Collector having owned over 125 cars since age 17 . I have been using Nu-Finish since it first came on the market . Had tried others along the way and Always Returned to Nu-Finish . Yes , you do n't want to get it on porous or black rubber , -LRB- which can be removed with rubbing alcohol -RRB- , for nothing is 100 % . However , Nu-Finish in my opinion is , like Ivory Soap , -LRB- for those of you who remember -RRB- , 99.44 - 100 % Pure ... '' THE BEST '' .
 So , I just purchased a 1999 Pathfinder whose paint was in decent condition . It was n't that the paint was n't shiny , but there were areas where the previous owner tried to use touch-up paint to disguise various blemishes on the car . The problem was
 My dad taught me to use Nu Finish when I first started helping clean up the cars and I 've used it ever since . If you 've never used Nu Finish , just try it and you 'll be sold . There is no product on the market at any price that will make your car look better or protect it better than Nu Finish . It is also very easy to use . Go to their website and read . Everything they say about their products is true !
 I 've been using this product on my cars for 20 years . Easy to apply , shine is brilliant ! I try to use twice-a-year ; however , I waited a year before polishing my 2008 RAV4 with this polish . Honestly folks , water was still beading on the car after a year with this polish on it !
 bought this to make the manual steering a little better so steering wheel wont get torn from my hands out 4x4
 This is a very simple piece . It 's black with a textured surface . The gauge faces the driver well . Autometer leaves slight lips on the front and back edges that can be ground down to more closely match the shape of the A-pillar where the pod sits . Overall a great item as long as your A4 does n't have curtain airbags , which I believe is any A4 starting in 1999.5 . If you use this and your car has curtain airbags , then you 're asking for a gauge pod to the face if your curtain airbags deploys .
 I was able to replace the entire lighting system with only a couple of hours of work , and the new lights are extremely bright and easy to see . The only shortcoming was that the leads on the lights to connect to main wiring harness are too short ... probably an effort to save money . Otherwise , quality and ease of installation are good .
 The Lights easily mounted . There was plenty of wire in the kit . The lights are NIce and bright . Great product .
 I like the look of the LED 's . Easy to install . My only nit-pick is that it would have been nice if the kit had waterproof connectors .
 This LED trailer light kit looks amazing ! They are 10 times brighter than incandescent trailer lights that I have used in the past ! I drop my boat trailer in saltwater once a week and it still works great . I use to buy my trailer lights -LRB- non LED -RRB- at West Marine and they would fail after three to four dunks in saltwater.I would stop wasting your money on cheap incandescent trailer lights . They are not made to last!I will update this review in 12 months .
 I had just bought a boat . The trailer had some oldy moldy lights and a horrible chopped up wiring harness . This kit provides every needed to repair such a thing . I especially like the led lights . They totally water tight , and draw little power to operate . All in all This was a good purchase for me .
 The lights came as expected and look incredible . The lights make me want to paint up the rest of the trailor !
 Easy installation with detailed instructions . Theses lights are very bright and a big improvement from the stock incandescent lights that they replaced .
 title says it all , had to replace my old lights on my boat trailer and these things work like a champ . Definitely suggest going LED if you are replacing your old bulb ones
 the light are very nice at night from the back of your trailer . installation is very easy and straight forward if you follow the manual .
 I bought these for my little 14 foot fishing boat . They are easy to install . Come with everything you need . Water proof and very bright ! I called a local shop and they wanted over $ 90 with tax . I paid less than $ 55 on Amazon with shipping and had them the next day . That was also the earliest the local shop could have them in stock too !
 This product is awesome ! no problems what so ever ! Would buy again ! the kit was easy to install and very bright .
 these lights look really nice . got a nice glow to then . very bright when the breaks are hit . installed on a new carhauler . very glad i did
 I purchased a flex plate to fit a 1972 Ford T-Bird with a 460 and C6 transmission for a swap project , 460 into a 67 Ford F250 with an E4OD . The part I received was the correct part and fit perfectly.Thanks JDD1000
 these mirrors are the best after market ones , as usual Amozon is the cheapest price for the same product ... would recoment this to anyone who needs to pull or see behind with big views ... Michael PS . are very easyly to install . .
 These mirrors work great on our 2002 Dodge Ram 3500 . I had one problem with them but Amazon took care of me and now all is well . When i opened them up after shipping , one of the mirror faces was actually not connected to the whole assembly . I snapped it into place , or thought i did , and installed them . The next day we pulled our big boat up to the lake , and about the fourth time i closed the door , the mirror face , just the glass part , fell off the whole mirror assembly and shattered . I called Amazon the next day , and the immediately mailed me a new set , put that one on , and they are working great . I never had any problems with the second mirror , it has worked great from the start . They really let you see a whole lot more if you dont already have pull out mirrors . Before , i couldnt see anything behind me , but now , I have an excellent view . They are plenty big , and the small spot stick on mirrors help you see right by the vehicle . They do take some getting used to , since they are rather flat , but with the spot mirros , you have a full range of visibility ... much better than before . Motors seem to work great too . I 've only had them on a few weeks , but so far , so good . Only problem was the face coming off , but Amazon was awesome and took care of me . Highly recommend if you dont have slide out mirrors and pull large , wide items .
 Product overall is great , fits beautifully , well engineered and easy to install . Only minor problem was that the electrical connection -LRB- electric adjustabale and heated mirrors -RRB- in one mirror was bad . Both Amazon and Cipa did a great job of solving problem and replacing mirror . .
 Having an older Dodge Ram and towing alot , these work great , and I love that I can use my electronics again along with the heaters that came in my truck . These have a great field of view also .
 These mirrors are easy to see out of when I have my camper on my pickup , they are easy to install and require no modification what so ever !!! Power and heat functions just as the factory mirrors did . I have nothing bad to say about these mirrors or my experience on Amazon.com .
 Installed these after a Pheasant wiped out the passenger side mirror on my '99 Dodge Ram and I needed something better for towing wide loads anyway . The mirrors are huge which is good and bad , you can see eveywhere but they do n't fold in tight against the truck if you need to get into a tight spot or go through the car wash . Comes with little convex mirors to stick on which works good on the drivers side and soso on the passenger since it then blocks your view of bottom trailer corner and any line on the pavement when you back up . I would love to see these in a split mirror configuration as most truck mirrors have gone so that the fixed convex mirror is on the bottom with the adjustable on top so you do n't create any blind spots . Plus break up what just looks like a giant vanity mirror . Other than that the price is right and an economical replacement for electric heated mirrors . they install and fit easy , slide in and out with no problem , mirror does n't shake around too much , not noisy at all and performs great while towing down the highway .
 Purchased for my wife 's Honda Accord . It helped to lay the dash mat flat for a couple of days before installation . After installation , it gradually relaxes and fits the dash very well . The velcro pieces are a bit tricky to place on the dash but not too bad . Also , be sure to have something to clean the dash before hand so the velcro sticks better . I highly recommend this product .
 this locking gas cap has great fitment , which means the fuel filler door latch and hinges works as with oem cap on a 1998 toyota camry.this motorad cap appears to have build and quality of an oem cap.currently one fuel refill with locking cap .
 This is a good gas cap . It fit my old Celica perfectly . Comes with two keys as is shown in the picture .
 Came in as was told and on time . Other then the packaging being a little large everything was great !!! No problems what so ever .
 These caps are inexpensive , but work just fine for what I need them for . Would buy these again for any vehicle that may need it .
 My cap arrived quite functional ; based on some other reviews I read I expected it to be more difficult to employ , but it seems fine to me . Not sure how tight people want these ; I turn it until it stops , then lock , hold it in place to unlock it , no problems . There may be some bad units that got out , mine certainly was n't one of them . It seems like it will be sufficiently effective against the casual gas thief , not sure how easy it is to bypass , hopefully enough to be -LRB- at least a little -RRB- discouraging .
 This belt is what I needed to get my lawn mower up and running again . Fit just like the original .
 This pulley is a plastic molded pulley with grooves which on my Escalade is actually the pulley on the tensioner . Ive been noticing some light squeaking on cold mornings so went ahead and ordered this pulley . It was an identical replacment . Took me all but 5mins to replace this pulley and problem solved . Not to mention once again Amazon beats the local stores and even placed like Rock Auto . And its prime shipping ? Man ... . How can you go wrong with AMAZON !
 perfect factory replacement . ACdelco wins again . was a easy install . would recommend to anyone with crickets under the hood . lol
 Looks and fits just like original equipment . Pity its plastic just like the original equipment which is what lead to it 's failure but it is what it is .
 This listed as a main bearing set when it is actually main bearing rear seal.While shown for application in 460 Fords , this seal also fits big block Oldsmobiles and is a big improvement over the old `` rope '' type seal . I 've used it several times in an Olds application and never had a problem .
 The keychain is perfect ! When I ordered it , I was expecting something bigger , so I was a little thrown at its small size , but it is perfect ! It is durable and `` bendable '' enough to not jab into your leg if you stick your keys in your pocket . The quality is good , no mess ups or anything . Such a cute keychain !! Shipping was prompt as well . Very satisfied with the whole process .
 On time shipment and the part fit good . No problems great price . If you think about getting this product I advise you to go and buy it .
 Fairly easy to install , but you have to be VERY careful not to drill through the interior fabric roof liner like I did ... three times ... OK it was FOUR , but who 's counting !? Besides , you can hardly tell . I installed this rack to haul a 16 ' ladder which is substantially longer than my CR-V . The fittings are water-tight and the rack is quite strong , and has held-up well since installing it 2 years ago . If you are not looking to spend a lot on a decent-quality roof-rack , you have found it . Just remember ... &#34; MEASURE TWICE ... DRILL ONCE &#34; ... and CAREFULLY !!!
 The bracket is made well and fits well . It does not come with any nuts and bolts to remount the brake light . The bolts holding the factory tire carrier assembly to the rear door are used to mount the new bracket to the door . The bolts used to mount the light to the stock tire carrier can not be used because the nuts on the stock carrier are welded on . I went to the hardware store and found suitable nuts and bolts to mount the light assembly to the new bracket . It seems to me that Body Armor could include the nuts and bolts needed . Over all the bracket works well for raising the third brake light assembly above my 33 '' spare tire . I rated this item 4 stars because of the omission of the needed nuts and bolts .
 I received this plate in super fast time . It is of great quality but best of all it shines on my car . Would recommend this to anyone .
 ACDelco is I think is one of the best brands of auto parts in the world , their parts are of very good quality
 I love this trailer lock for my horse trailer . I feel secure in leaving it at the barn .
 I 've tried many different tongue locks and this one is by far the best . Master also makes one that looks similar , but has a lot of plastic and feels really cheap . I bought this one to replace it . I have a chrome one on my boat trailer that has been in continuous use for 5 years and still looks and performs as new . Highly recommended !
 Very good quality lock . It just takes some practice installing and removing withoutpinching your fingers or having this 3 lb . monster falling on your toes . Be sure to always keep one hand underneath it and your toes out from under it .
 Easy to use and seems to be made from high quality materials . It wooks as good as any of these locks can .
 I 'm new to boating and looked through the trailer lock options , read the reviews , and chose this lock for my 2 '' trailer socket . So far I 'm very impressed . It 's easy to put on the trailer and remove and seems very secure . I highly recommend this product .
 Great lock , great price ! ca n't go wrong to keep your trailers safe from theives ! I would recomment for anyone that values their property !
 Easy to put on , easy on the wallet . One can argue all day long over &#34; which is best , &#34; but the most important thing is to just use a trailer lock , period.This Master Lock seems to get the job done without much fuss .
 this lock is easy to install and remove . I feel secure knowing that master lock has one of my more expensive assets -LRB- boat -RRB- protected from thieves .
 We just bought a new camper and it sets outside so for security we bought this . So far so good !
 The master lock go on easy and it is also easy to remove . It is one of the best sleep well at night , kowning that your trailer is not going to be gone in the morning .
 GOOD LOCK HEAVY DUTY , FEEL SAFE LEAVING MY TRAILER AT THE MARINA , MASTER LOCK MAKES QUALITY PRODUCTS . EASY TO USE ON AND OFF .
 Great Item works on most trailers and best part it is rekeyable if you know how ! Fits on 2 '' and 1 & 7/8 would only use this along with a tounge lock and some sort of wheel lock as well
 Not bad looking lock . Tough and heavy , looks like a good deterrent when combined with either a wheel lock or coupler-latch padlock ... or even all three ! Easy to install on a 2 '' coupler and if I squeeze the ball together while locking , I can get a very tight fit even with the coupler-latch open . Satisfied with one exception ... bad `` key-guide '' design ... like `` aluminum foil thin '' and was easily distorted with the key . The key and lock still works fine but looks like someone already tried to jimmy the lock !
 This is my second one and you just can not beat this lock and I mean you can not beat this lock off of the trailer . They have tried and it did cost money for trailer repairs but they did not get my trailer . I would recomend this to any one that is looking for a secure lock . You may look at the price and say that it is n't worth it , well what is your trailer worth ???
 I really like this style lock . I prefer the stainless steel model , but even still this is a great lock . I do n't like the kind of lock that has the large bar that has to go up and over the coupler . This lock is smaller and more discreet .
 I needed some locks for heavy-duty trailers that use 2-5/16 '' Bulldog couplers . I had previously had bad luck with Guardian locks , which were more expensive , not as well made , and not backed up by the manufacturer.These Master Lock coupler locks not only appear to be much better than the Guardian locks , they come with a limited lifetime warranty from Master.This lock fits the 2-5/16 '' Bulldog/Hammerblow couplers -LRB- in spite of the fact that this size is not listed -RRB- and is a very reasonable price . Fortunately , I can not say how well they resist thieves ' attempts to steal the trailer , but they will certainly provide a substantial deterrent.I bought mine in October 2008 and they have a chrome finish that appears to be excellent . Despite being in the weather all winter in Indiana , they still look and operate as if they were brand new . It looks like Master Lock has switched to the pictured painted or powdercoated finish instead of the chrome plating . I do n't know how well the new finish will protect the mechanism compared to my chrome ones , but keep in mind that Master Lock offers a lifetime warranty , which covers operation but not finish.I have never had any trouble installing the lock to the coupler , but I agree that it can be a bit loose when locked . The lock attaches via a number of notches and it 's unlikely that you 'll find one that is exactly tight . There 's no ratchet to help you with this , so you must squeeze the locking mechanism as you turn the key . It 's more trouble to write about it than to do it . In spite of the slight looseness , I think someone would have a tough time getting it off the coupler.Regarding sticking tumblers or locking mechanism , I find that I must lubricate all my locks , including these , occasionally.Amazon also sells Master Lock model 379DAT , which has a rubberized coating . I bought one of those recently . It seems to be a bit looser on the coupler , I think because of the coating . Unless you are concerned about the possibility of the coupler 's paint chipping from metal-to-metal contact , I would recommend the model 379ATPY over the 379DAT . See Painter Bill 's review , dated July 11 , 2011 . Both of these locks are highly recommended , but especially the 379ATPY .
 Lock is solid - no problem there . I have a pull behind smoker grill that I needed to secure . The only complaint is with a 2 '' hitch , the lock seemed `` sloppy '' when it came to fit . I do n't think I could remove the lock from the hitch , but I would like it to be a little more snug ... Overall , good design ...
 This lock works well . If you lose your keys , good luck getting it off without a locksmith to pick the lock .
 I installed these mirrors on my 98 Chev 3500 dually before embarking on a 3000 mile trip to pick up a toyhauler trailer . Installation was straight forward but awkward as the nuts are difficult to access with a standard socket or wrench . I wound up buying a ratcheting offset boxend wrench that made things a little easier . Be very sure to stuff a rag down into the void below where you remove the nuts or they will be lost forever if you drop them . I was concerned about vibration after reading other reviews however with the mirrors in it is hardly noticable and even with them extended vision is still very good ... night and day difference between these and the slide on extension mirrors I had before . They did n't extend out as much as I was hoping , with an 8.5 ft wide toyhauler I can only see beside the trailer and nothing behind . They really only extend out about as much as the slide on extension mirrors I had previously however visibility is vastly improved . Due to the flat glass on both mirrors , the fish eye 's that are included are essential , without them you can hide a semi-truck in the passenger side blind spot.In short , they were a good purchase and make towing a much better experience . The price on Amazon was great compared to anything else I found .
 These mirrors solved my trailer towing problem . I had experimented with the slide-on type towing mirrors but they scratched the paint on my factory mirror . I also tried the suction cup type mirrors but they were constantly falling off . The only thing that would make these mirrors perfect would be the enhanced mirrored glass on the passenger side mirror .
 Mirrors worked great . They give me alot more rearview vision . They do seem to vibrate when they are extended .
 The only complaint I have with the mirrors is they have a slight vibration when traveling down the road .
 The mirrors are easily installed and are exactly as advertised . They were packaged well and arrive safely . They match perfectly to the OEM brackets . You ca n't beat this price .
 Easy install and big difference from stock mirrors . These mirrors have made a big difference for trailer operations with my truck .
 I can see everything now , I thought the mirrors would be about stock size , they are much bigger , pulling my trailer is so nice now that I can see behind me
 I am very happy with my purchase of the CIPA 7000 Extendable mirrors . not only do they look good but they are easy to install and I love the big 10x10 glass . Makes backing up my trailer a breeze now . I would recommend them to anyone .
 Factory mirrors were not adequate for the width of trailer I was towing . Purchased and installed these mirrors to replace the factory mirrors.They work great and I 'm very satisfied with them . Great price on Amazon .
 my truck had factory mirrors that were not big enough to see around the camper with . bought these because they were big and extend out also the price was better tha i could find anywhere else .
 These mirrors are perfect for towing . The large viewing area is great . One thing , both mirrors are flat glass -LRB- versus factory passenger mirrors being convex -RRB- , which is great for backing up with a trailer , but terrible for viewing traffic on the passenger side . The spot mirrors that came with it are frankly too small . Luckily with all of the extra real estate these mirrors have , pretty much the largest round spot mirror you can find fits with plenty of room to still see around it -LRB- I put mine on the outside lower corners -RRB- . Some people complained about these mirrors vibrating , but I have had no issues , though I will note the installation is a bear because of the way they installed on my Suburban . I could do the install with my ratcheting wrench with a zip tie on the end to pull up on , but it takes patience to get them fully tightened -LRB- I recommend cramming a plastic grocery bag down the hole to keep from loosing the nuts if you drop one -RRB- . If you know anyone with inch wide hands , I recommend inviting them over for food/drink to help out .
 Great product , well made too . But ... They do not fold flat if something hits them . I have the motorized ones , and they just dont seem to go as low as the stock ones . I have a Dually , and I can not see the rear wheels . I wish they had an option to add the turn signal lights , as there is an area where they would go . Great rear view compared to the stock mirrors !
 great mirrors easy to install they dont shake as you go down the road the only thing I would have liked to have the top of them not so rounded off but other then that great price the best I 've found any where
 Great product , I tow a 35 ' camper and it makes so much safer and easier to drive , not to mention parking . Happy Motoring !!!
 Easy to install . Look good . Function well . With the stock mirrors you could tell if a car was in your view . With these mirrors you can tell what kind and color it is . The included blind spot mirrors are large and I 'm able to see what my boat trailer is doing when I loose sight of it in the main mirror . That 's a huge help when you are backing up around a corner .
 The new car kit arrived packaged nicely . I was surprised at how easily the polish and protection goes on then wipes off . A little of this product goes along way as you do n't need to use much during application . The shampoo and conditioner works good on new car paint as it is `` light '' on dirt removal . Therefore , if you need to clean heavy dirt off your car , you might want to find a heavy duty soap . Otherwise , using the polish with a buffer might help with stubborn dirt/bug juice . I 'm using it on new car paint that is black and the results are amazing . The protection seems to be holding up as it 's been almost two months and the water still beeds off nicely . You 'll be able to feel the difference this product makes just by running your finger over an area of paint that has been treated versus an area that has n't . Great product !
 Finally , a product that does what it says . Easy on , great shine , lasts through the summer and multiple car washes . I was a bit amused by the `` Shampoo and Conditioner '' title on the `` soap '' bottle . It felt like I was giving my SUV the spa treatment . But hey , when you 're good you can brag a little . Highly recommend .
 This is a great product . Does a fantastic job of cleaning the worst grease and grime I get on my hands . The only change I would make is to the smell . It comes in orange but I prefer the original much more .
 The catback was shipped very quickly , it looked perfect , and fit great . No complaints at all , I 'm glad I bought it . The fitment on this catback was probably the most impressive . I have installed a bunch of different brands but this one just fell together so easily I was impressed .
 This company puts quality into everything they make yet the prices are not much higher than the lesser competitors .
 It works great . I love the amount of water that it holds . This product is great if you already have a day pack or bag to put it in . Do n't know how I hiked , backpacked , or mountain biked without it
 No leaks yet , easy to fill , great bite valve . Just need bigger Camelbak backback now to carry this large bladder . Definitely recommend .
 Camelbak makes the best reservoirs ever . The water actually tastes like water . I 've bought other hydration packs before and the reservoirs in those packs always make the water taste like plastic . I have never had poor tasting water in a Camelbak reservoir .
 Excellent quality hydration pouch . We slip it in our light running backpacks and we 're good to go for hours . The large opening makes it easy to fill it and clean it . The screw cap and the bottom tube attached to the pouch are sturdy and water does not leak . I like that it is soft and can fit into anything .
 Sure , these things seem overpriced for what they are -- a plastic bag that holds water -- but , up in the mountains on a bike , that water can be a seriously critical difference and the price is n't an issue . That said , this was the best price I found anywhere for the new-version 100-oz size . If it ever fails , and I survive , I 'll let you know in a loud voice .
 Simply the best replacement reservoir you can buy for hydration systems . The large opening allows for easy cleaning .
 This bladder is exactly what I expected it to be . It is only slightly larger than a 2 liter bladder -LRB- a little longer ~ 6-7 '' -RRB- , so if this is what you want it for , just make sure that there is enough room in your bag . The twist lock cap is excellent ! It is easy to close with one hand , making filling a breeze . The mouthpiece on this is also awesome , much simpler design than some other brands and it gives you a lot of volume with each sip . I am very happy with it .
 I was excited to get this in . It is my first bladder . I will be using it in a Kelty Red Cloud backpack . The bladder is almost to big , but it works . What sold me on this was the video -LSB- ... -RSB- that showed a truck running over one and the bladder made it without a scratch , or more importantly a leak.So far so good . Its great . However I do reccomend that if purchasing this be sure to purchase a stop valve to go with it . I set my pack on top of the bite block , and the weight of the bag opened the bite block enough to let the water run out , all over my sleeping bag and pad inside my tent ! But that was operator error .
 The hydro pak is a perfect replacement and supliment for the smaller hydro pak I have in my Rudy Project Hydro Pak . Great Price and quality too .
 Just received this in the mail . Looks great and much more well built than my last camel pack which i got a few years back . I 'm hoping i dont have any problems with this one !
 i bought the 100 oz since my camelbak pack came with the 75oz and sometimes i just need more space for water . The reservoir feels better than the one in my backpack . The only bad thing is that it does n't come with the lock valve , instead it just has a straight one that will make it splash everywhere if you accidentally press it . I had to buy it separately .
 I own a camelbak , but needed a replacement when I abandoned running and my camelbak for several months . The replacement fits perfectly and is an exact replacement ! Woohoo !
 The Camelbak we purchased is AWESOME ! We bought the 3 liter and it was more than enough for our 18 mile hike in Colorado . We still had water left over !! Great buy !!
 We used this for a week at Yosemite and it fit the bill perfectly . I read somewhere that if you fill it up a third of the way and lay it flat in the freezer overnight before your hike it really keeps the water and your pack cooler . Best advice ever !
 Yes , the CamelBak Omega HydroTanium Replacement Reservoir is a bit expensive if you consider it 's just a plastic bag with a straw that you can drink from . But it has an excellent design and it wo n't let you down .
 Mainly got this for hiking & camping . Like many others stated , this is odor free which is the main reason I got this brand . Good buy at a good price .
 Its awesome and fast shipping . The only thing is I use it in my DaKine Heli-Pro Pack and where is comes out inside the shoulder sleeve squeezes it sometimes and it makes a mess because the mouth piece opens .
 this bladder slips nicely into any backpack , long pipe for those requiring it , 1.4 l is good for short walks or bike rides , easy to clean . Great quality , purchased separate ` right angle elbow ' for preferred angled bite valve set up .
 This is the BEST Hydration pak I have . The service was EXCELLENT as usual but the Camelbak is FAR SUPERIOR than any other Hydration system I have . It does not leak , It holds almost a gallon of water , The opening is large and you can easily wash the inside . I love it !!!
 Great bladder seems nicer then the original that came with my Camelbak -LRB- replaced my 70oz and my wife 's 35oz -RRB- . ONE NOTE
 I really like this product . it works great , holds a good amount of liquid and is very convenient when on a mountain bike . The only thing i think needs a bit of improvement is the nozzle to drink out of . it is a bit slow and hard at times to bite and drink . It takes some getting use to but overall it is a great product for the price . A good tip is to use a large plastic bag around the container in a backpack to avoid cleaning up the condensation .
 I 'm a huge Camelbak fan , so when I needed 100oz hydration bladders for our Osprey Stratos 24 and 40 backpacks , it was a no brainer . They 're bulletproof , and the design is simple and straightforward ... just what you want out in the back country . There 's no special fittings that might break or start leaking , nothing to assemble or take care of , and nothing that can fail.Wash and rinse them after use , keep them dry in storage , and they 'll last years . The Camelbak cleaning kit is must have , in this respect .
 I love the convenience of having a CamelBak reservoir
 great product , 100oz capacity , wide mouth easy to fill/clean . Only drawback is that I should have purchased the insulated sleeve so I could use it outside of my hydration capable backpack in cold weather situations .
 The CamelBak Omega HydroTanium Replacement Reservoir is a basic no frills hydration system . I have the 100 ounce system that I rotate among different backpacks that I use and I sometimes use this as a back up bladder . This hydration bladder lacks all of the bells and whistles yet functions flawlessly and as designed . I mostly like this bladder for day hikes although I have used it on multiday backpacking trips.Pros : + Does not leak + Large opening + Easy to clean + Large capacity + Long tube + Lifetime warrantyCons : - No Hydrolock system - Tube does not disconnect from the bladder - No insulation on the tube - Bite valve has not protective cover to protect from dirtOverall Assessment : If you need a basic , no frills hydration bladder the CamelBak Omega HydroTanium will work fine . It also is good to utilize as a backup to another hydration bladder should your primary bladder fail . Again , this bladder is best suited for short term use such as
 Not much to say but exactly as shown in the picture . Good to replace every so often instead of worrying about bacteria in your drink line and resevoir ...
 This Camelbak is the perfect size . It holds plenty of water and has held up well against being in a pack . I use this multiple times a week , on bike rides . I put this in the fridge to make sure it 's cold and it has n't had any problems with holding up in the fridge .
 This product is great ! The last bladder for my Camelbak lasted approximately ten years and I am sure this one will too . However , I think that they have life time warranties so I will have to send the other one back and have repaired or replaced .
 and I love it . I have had a couple of other name brand water carriers and had to watch and not be too hard on them because of leaks . After having this one for quite a while I am pleased to find I do n't have to handle it with kid gloves.A nice solid piece of gear .
 Used it once in a hiking trip , worked as expected . It 's easy to fill and clean , and looks like it 'll last me years . This is my first camelbak , have always wanted one , and it has n't disappointed . This is probably the perfect size for hiking/biking trips .
 I bought this bladder to replace the cheap , knock off version that I had bought earlier . The Camelbak is much better . The wide mouth allows for the addition of ice and the slender shape of the bladder fits nicely into my backpack . I am outside in the New Mexico heat all summer for my job and this reservoir was wonderful .
 I ordered the 72 oz so I could get a little bit more than my 70oz bladder . To my surprise the 72 was a little wider and had a anti slosh baffle inside.It fit perfectly in my Nathan backpack .
 This is a great product . The big hole is nice to put ice cubes and helps with cleaning . The only complaint I can think is how easy it can be to spill water when filling up . Great product otherwise .
 Very durable material!Lifetime Warranty!Long Tube!Non spillage bite valve !! the 45oz . is a bit bulky and its in a butterfly shape!other than that it 's a must buy for $ 15
 this product works great . It really is not that heavy and works for all of my needs with being outdoors .
 easy to fill , easy to clean . does n't taste like plastic . Fits well in the northface bag that i put it in . . overall a great buy
 This was a great reservoir . It was high quality and I tested it recently on a camp out . Would buy more if needed and recommend to friends . Buy this my only regret is I did not get a bigger one .
 I like the camelbak product and have had one for some time . The unsatisifing side was the replacement reservoir developed a hole in the reservoir itself . The satisfing side is camelbak replaced it without any difficulty . Meanwile I had ordered this replacement and now have a backup , just in case . End result : :
 I never understand why people buy a whole camelback setup with backpack and bladder for a pretty expensive price when you can just buy the bladder for < 20 bucks and stick it in a backpack you already own.This bladder is a great buy . I used it every day for a summer doing fieldwork , which included throwing my backpack around with the camelback inside and it held up great . The best part though , after leaving it filled with water in the refrigerator overnight , the water in the camelback stayed cool all day in my backpack despite outside temperature of 90 + degrees in the scorching sun.The only minor problem I had with it is water occasionally dripped from the bite valve if it was facing down , but trudging around in the hot summer or exercising , a tiny amount of water is n't a huge deal , and that only happen if oriented in a certain way.You 'll get a slight plastic-y taste out of the box , but a little lemon takes care of that for good .
 I purchased this without owning the CamelBak backpack that this is a replacement reservoir for - I , instead , just put it in my normal backpack and thus have both the hydration pack and the regular backpack at the same time . It works beautifully , and my only complaint is that the hose is a bit unwieldy - It seems a bit short , but that 's almost assuredly because my backpack holds the reservoir a good 6 inches farther away from my body than the CamelBak backpack -LRB- that this is intended for -RRB- would.It 's still much easier and more convenient than carrying/opening water bottles for the long walks I take , though , and I can only strongly recommend this product .
 I purchased two camelbaks of 100 oz . -LRB- one for me and the other for my wife -RRB- and at the beginning I thought that are too big . However , after 6 hours of straight walk , the size is simply perfect to keep you hydrated and fueled to the end.My wife did n't understand why I bought one for her but after use it , she loved it ! We both used it during our trip from Portugal to Santiago of Compostela in Spain -LRB- 130 kilometers in 6 days/stages -RRB- . Good product with good quality for the price .
 This Camelback Omega Hydro-Titanium Replacement by the is the best that I 've used so far . The only problem I had with it , after about six months of use , was a small leak near the rim of the filler hole .
 I bought this for my camping trips , but first time I used it , I washed it but I was unable to remove the awful flavor of the plastic . but after the second use it became better .
 Great product ! The only thing that I noticed is that it does have a slight plastic taste . I hope that it will go away .
 I bought this to replace the last camelbak reservoir I got awhile back , which started leaching plastic like crazy . So far , the new reservoir seem to be a vast improvement . The drawback is that it does n't come with a hydrolock valve like my previous reservoir . -LRB- It is now a separate accessory you have to pay extra for . -RRB- I just swapped the valve from my old reservoir to the new one .
 This is a solid product . It does n't leak and it 's pretty cheap . My pack is made for 1.5 L and when this is filled up not much else can fit in it . For $ 19 could n't ask for more .
 IMHO , a good buy for a Camelbak , easy drinking and cleaning capability ... good price for what you get ...
 This is a High quality reservoir - CamelBak , what would you expect?I bought this for myJanSport Odyssey Daypackand use it with that pack and a smaller CamelBak daypack that is n't sold anymore.The length of the drinking tube is just a little too short for my needs . It works and it is long enough to drink from - I 'd just like 3 inches more tubing.The reservoir has n't leaked at all . I 'm a fan of CamelBak .
 This product is exactly what I was looking for to fit my CamelBak . It was even quite a bit cheaper on Amazon than the CamelBak website .
 Without knowing the dimensions of thisreservoir , I bought it hoping for the best.WaaaLaaaa it fits inside my pack perfectly , but if you have a backpack with a slot fora water bladder , try doing a little researchbefore buying . I contacted the seller andsuggested some sort of sizing besidefluid ounces . But happy with what I gotI would recommend , a bladder of somesort for anyone out hiking -LRB- better thencarrying plastic bottles -RRB- !
 Well when I saw the product description I thought I had stumbled on to something new and really amazing ! HydroTanium ! which to my ears sounds like a new kind of liquid metal . I do n't know what I thought I 'd be able to do with some of that , but I was inspired to order an even dozen . When I got them delivered , I was real disappointed . There is n't anything liquid metal about them . They are just a water bottle . What a gyp .
 Quality used to be in every product but now it 's a word I use less and less often . I think that any company that offers a lifetime guarantee knows that they are making a quality product . I am confident that I could run this over in my car and it would n't break . What else can you say that about ? This was a good addition to my Eagle Industries AIII hydration capable backpack . I also ordered aCamelBak 100-Ounce UnBottlefor use outside of my pack . Either way , CamelBak make superior quality products .
 I am replacing a very old reservoir that originally came with my camelbak pack . The quality and construction of this one is much better . The plastic in is thicker and the quality is more visual . The opening is stronger . Rather than just constantly selling what they 've already created , they appear to be improving what was already great .
 I climbed Mt Rainier with this hydration reservoir and wanted additional water storage without a lot of weight or frills , and this puppy fit the bill very well . It has proven to be very durable -LRB- even when I have dropped it and abused it on the mountain -RRB- . So why ding it for 1 star ? This particular model claims to have a pure water taste without any plastic flavor . I did not find that to bear out , as I could taste the plastic in the water . I soaked it a few days with a couple liters of water and a few tablespoons of lemon juice and that has resolved the plastic flavor.So -- great , inexpensive hydration bag . Overall I 'm happy with my purchase . I just recommend taking care of the plastic flavor before you use it .
 Run about 50 miles a week with several 2hr + runs . I have had a camelbak for years and needed a new reservoir . Tried the nalgene brand ... it was bulky , hard to drink from , and it broke within 3 weeks . Went back to the camelbak system and what a relief . Easy to drink from and , of course , it fits perfectly into the pouch .
 I purchased this for my son , who used it inside a backpack . It was easy to fill due to the large opening ; it never leaked , even though stuffed in a full pack ; although some people had reported leakage from the bite valve , he said it never leaked a drop . The very large opening also made it easier to dry out before storage .
 This is my first bladder and i am extremely pleased . I use this primarily for backwoods hiking . This size might be a bit much for anything less . Good price , great strength and no leaks . I expect to be using this for a long , long time .
 I just did a 4 day backpacking trip to the Grand Canyon and this reservoir performed quite well . Lid is a little difficult to screw on sometimes but the wide neck makes for easy cleaning . The bite mouth piece worked well and did n't leak . You do have to be careful when laying your pack down and not pinch the mouth piece or you will cause it to release the water.Overall , this is a rugged reservoir . I highly recommend it .
 Have had this since the last 1 year . Used it quite a bit in that time . The product is very good . Initially I was concerned that the pouch might get damaged when kept with other camping equipment in the backpack but am totally convinced that it wont . No leaks or tears so far . The water doesnt get any bad taste after a while . The only downside is that the mouthpiece can get dusty if you are on a hike . So be prepared to just clean it before you use or get one of the covers .
 The Camelbak 70 oz . Omega HydroTanium Replacement Reservoir has worked very well for me . It fit into my older back pack and has the right capacity for my needs . The valve works well and fill area seals very well . I 'm planning on a long hike in June and the 70 ounce capacity works perfectly versus the distance between the event check points .
 Perfect size for short day hikes under 3 hours . I was able to fit it in my small backpack with room to spare for snacks , keys , etc. . I looped the hose around my jacket and had easy access to my water .
 This is my second Camelbak that I have purchased , and it 's not because my first one broke or went bad , it 's because my brother saw mine and loved it so much that he wanted his own . I ca n't saw enough good things about this product - it holds up well -LRB- I have had mine for 6 years -RRB- and easy to travel with . When I was staying in hostels in Europe , I would fill this up and hang it by my bed so if I woke up thirsty in the middle of the night I could grab a drink without getting out of bed ! If anyone wants to know a simple way to clean this puppy , simply pour some Listerine though the bladder and out the tub a couple times . Every few months I also clean it -LRB- with my own home-made cleaning kit comprised of cut up sponges , soap and wire -RRB- . There are other products like this one on the market , I like the quality of Camelbak -LRB- even if their products are made in China -RRB- .
 This is an excellent bladder . A larger opening and all kinds of new characteristics . An on off valve at the mouth piece is one of them that comes in handy . A great buy
 I 'm a huge fan of the camelback hydrotanium , its been great on the slopes , running , biking , and for an all around outdoor lifestyle . The only flaw is the inability of the tube to handle temps below 30 degrees F , even if you replace it with the winter tube version .
 Great reservoir . I have a 3 liter , but i wanted something smaller for skiing & shorter hikes . This 1.5 L is perfect .
 Great container , no leaks ; bought the bladder to put in my REI backpack , which holds it well . While biking on Molokai all day long , this bladder held two days of water . Wow !
 Very nice deflector that fit my 2005 Pilot . I occasionally hear wind noises through the part that fits onto the car.It fits onto car nicely though so not a big deal . Deflector has helped with noise inside when I have my sunroof open.I would buy again !
 I installed these bulbs more than a year and a half ago , and they 're still going strong . I was careful to give them a thorough cleaning with alcohol before I installed them , which might have made a difference . They made a noticeable increase of light from our headlights.Edit to add
 Great Bulbs , they certainly are some of the best 9004 headlight bulbs available . Having used the 9005 and 9006 versions of these bulbs in previous cars I was very happy with them . The 9004 bulb is pretty dim in standard form , these bulbs claim 30 % brighter but in reality they look closer to 50 % brighter than the bulbs they replaced -LRB- which were off brand halogens that came with new headlights -RRB- . All in all a great buy to help you see more safely .
 In the good ol' days , before car makers started cutting costs and cheaping things up , brake jobs were simple . Now , with rotors thinned down and smaller -LRB- supposedly to reduce rotating mass for the wheels , which is true , but I 'm sure cost cutting is a factor as well -RRB- , they seem more susceptible to overheating and warping -LRB- resulting in pulsing brakes -RRB- . Many dealers like to blame the driver for running through water puddles with hot brakes ... which can cause cheap rotors to warp . In my opinion , that 's just a cop-out for using cheap parts and poor quality control to cut costs ... a car should be built with the expectation that it will go through puddles with hot brakes.My wife 's Malibu Maxx is particularly susceptible to this issue of brake pulsing due to lateral runout -LRB- per info I finally found after much searching - http://www.aa1car.com/library/procut02.htm -RRB- . After 3 dealer brake jobs within the first year of ownership -LRB- each claiming they 'd fixed the issue , only to have it return after a thousand miles or so -RRB- , and an officially extended factor warranty on the brake system from GM corporate -LRB- admission this it is a known issue with Malibu 's -RRB- , I finally told my wife I 'd do the next brake job myself to make sure it was done right . -LRB- I used to be a mechanic years ago , but am in computers now , and short of simple maintenance , tend to use the dealer more often these days since most repairs require special $ $ tools on modern cars . -RRB- Using this tool reviewed here , and brand new set of performance rotors and pads -LRB- instead of the cheap factory ones -RRB- , I was able to install , index and shim the rotors to minimize the lateral runoff to barely within spec , and then properly hand torque the wheels . -LRB- Note
 Great bumper , especially for the money . I like the boxed in construction . Be aware that it does n't come with a license plate holder , or a winch mount . You can utilize the 2 '' receiver and get a license plate mount that goes in there . It does come with some decent d rings and the finish is attractive . This is the kind of bumper that you could probably accidentally hit a deer without damage to the vehicle . I 'll definately be buying the rear bumper the same company makes .
 If you 're looking to improve your visibility with high beams , no matter the output color , these are the bulbs for you ... Amber/white color , and better road illumination you will get with these high beam bulbs . Nothing more to say.DON ' T buy them if you 're looking for super white or bluish color .
 I replaced both Hi & Low beam bulbs that came standard on my 2004 Buick.I drive in the country on pitch black nights . The high beams throw out about 1500 to 1800 feet -LRB- almost twice the distance I had -RRB- with a broad beam high lighting both sides of the road . Very useful to pick up a deers reflective eyes and fore warn you before you actually hit one going across in front of you .
 These are awesome and super bright . I would recommend these to a friend if they were looking for a bright headlight .
 My nightvision is not as good as it used to be . When you get to 50 + the pupil can not open as much as it once did . So getting a little brighter headlights does help quite a bit . Some basic laws of physics on headlights . If the filament is burned or heated to a higher temperature is will glow brighter . The downside is that brighter lumen output generally means lower lifespan of the bulb . So these bulbs are a little bit brighter with a nice white lite none of that blue nonsense . They do n't cost too much and I have put them in several cars and they tend to last about the same as OEM . I like them and have them in 3 cars that I watch out for ,
 Bought these lights to replace stock bulbs which were working -LRB- I saved them for spares -RRB- as preventative maintenance and to see if I could gain some lighting performance . Ca n't really tell for sure they are any better but I think they are a little whiter and I might be able to see a little farther down the road . Time will tell how they last but for the price I feel these are pretty good quality bulbs .
 I have a 2000 F150 with the factory fog lights which are virtually USELESS with the stock bulbs in . On the FORD Truck forum , people mentioned the NIGHTHAWK 9005 as a replacement for my F150 and I figured I 'd give them a try . What a difference ! I 've been using these for about 7 or 8 years now . I would give them 5 Stars , except for the following
 I have read many reviews on this product saying that it may not last long . Thus far I have had these in my 2008 Honda Accord for six weeks and have had no problems . Hopefully they will last longer than the two to four months that many have had complaints about . I would suggest these to anyone that is tired of having a hard time driving at night .
 A noticeable difference and am quite happy to have them and at a great price . Too bad I had to have them shipped to my mom in Florida and wait till she visited us here in Toronto to get them .
 Just as described , great product and such a tremendous savings over the OEM option . Very pleased with the purchase . Would buy again .
 I just ordered this as a replacement on my 2005 Honda Accord 4cyl . My radiator fan motor burned out and quite working and my condenser fan was worn out and wobbly . I had my local mechanic install this for me -LRB- $ 52.00 -RRB- , -LRB- Honda wanted $ 150.00 -RRB- and my car is no longer overheating and seems to be working perfect !
 great price , quick delivery , perfect fit - k & n products continue to be a first choice for me for price , fit , finish , and performance - highly recommended
 Mats were shipped promptly , color is perfect and they are of good quality . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for quality BMW mats .
 This was bought for our truck camper and works great . Price is not a great deal but it is the going rate none the less .
 Lesson learned = I read the advertisement wrong . All the other poeples ads were for a set of three jacks for around 269 . This was priced at 195 but not indicating each or set . My fault for not reading carefully and not contacting seller to check -LRB- I was too excited by my good fortune -RRB- I was also disapointed that the new jack does not have a 13/16 nut for raising and lowering the jack . The new one has a shaft with a pin instead of the nut . So now I ca n't use my drill with a socket to raise and lower the jack . Lesson learned , even when retired .
 ... . and I did n't know , but I figured it out . I 'm no mechanic , but I 'm relatively good at figuring stuff out . Luckily I knew someone that had the right tools . I did some research online and was able to dissemble the steering wheel , remove the old lock cylinder and correctly install the new one . After reassembling the steering wheel , I stuck the key in , turned it and ... . success ! Great price , as well .
 I 've had issues with ACDelco `` Advantage '' parts , luckily this is a regular ACDelco part and works great ! Amazon says this does not work for my 1981 Firebird Trans Am , but I can confirm that it works fine . I would cross check the part number on another auto parts web site to confirm for your application , but most likely any GM vehicle from the 70 's or 80 's can use this lock cylinder.Best thing about this lock cylinder is that it comes with real GM ignition keys with the GM logo , which looks and feels a lot better than the generic keys other branded lock cylinders come with .
 Excellent product , my nissan gained a few hp . engine power is noticeable after the filter change . I recommend this change
 I liked the product so much I bought more 4 sets of the Edelbrock rails.I previously had purchased 2 other sets of the same fuel rails also from Amazon.How can you go wrong with quality parts from the Amazon source
 I 'm giving it four stars because I 'm sure this would work well if I can ever change it . Gave up after 20 mins of deciding how I was going to remove the old one . The filter is mounted on the firewall in my Eclipse . You will need long arms , good quality flare wrenches and a third hand once you remove everything that surrounds it . This includes the intake inlet . Standing on a stool , dove into the open space and did everything possible I could but could n't get the darn lines off .
 Product fitted for just a month . Build quality and design seems to match my original fuel filter that was replaced . Product was Made in Israel . So far , it 's not creating any problems . Fuel mileage seems higher and engine has less rough idling . Just ca n't believe this only cost $ 15 .
 I looked at all of the brick and morter stores for this product . I had on 25 years ago from Snap On and it had disapeared . If you work on the electronics of a car then u need on e of these . No wire stripping necessary ! Great for installing stereos and alarms .
 I purchased my first wirehawk tester 25 years ago from the man who actually invented it.I went back and bought 2 dozen more and started selling them myself.Later on I got in the mobile tool business and sold thousands over my twelve years as a tool truck merchant.This is the absolute best testerI still have a couple that are 25 years old and they work GREATBUY IT , YOU WOU N'T REGRET IT
 great fit , good price.that is all i can say , why do i have to do so many , many , many , many words.this wil be my last response unles you stop telling me how many words to put in my reviews .
 This product is perfect ... i had a broken mirror for years because the dealer wanted $ 260 for a replacment ... glad i found this ... exactly the same as my original mirror .
 It glued on to the old cracked mirror with No issues and passed inspection . My old mirror had a crack in it and theyfailed because of this . After cleaning the cerfice this attached just perfect and it went thru inspectionwithout any issues .
 Drum brakes are a pain to install , I found this out the hard way.Regardless though , these brakes are high quality and they were n't part of my problem . These definitely provide better stopping power than the brakes originally put on my car .
 I thought it was going to be one of those flimsy license frames but it was made of metal and thick ... worth the price because unlike those plastic ones it wo n't crack
 My grandson was so excited when he opened this Christmas present . He loved it so much he put it on the car immediately !
 These are really nice bright bulbs ... great price and a great product !
 Looked at the Silverstars but they do n't seem to last very long . After reading reviews tried these instead . They are brighter than the stock bulb in my daughters Jetta.At 50-60 % the price of the Silverstars and an estimated life 3X as long , I think these are a much better value .
 I love these bulbs ! They are more powerful than the stock bulbs I had in my SUV and so far have lasted me for 6 months . According to website research , they are more long lasting than the Sylvania Silverstars and also do n't have that nagging blue-white glare problem that those bulbs have.I have used them on dark , rainy Northwest nights to light up the roads and they have served me well . Highly recommended .
 I used these in a 2000 Pontiac Sunfire . Before buying these bulbs the lights were so bad I was SERIOUSLY considering retrofitting something like H4 6054 headlights with a home-brew aero cover . My headlight reflectors and lenses are in good shape but the light output was terrible . Now that I 've had these installed for about six months I can say that I 'm still impressed by them and I plan to get a set for my new -LRB- er -RRB- Jetta and already have one ready to drop into my motorcycle . If you 're looking for a bulb that will maximize the output of your stock headlights you should try these .
 Better than stock , by about 30 % , nothing really special but i have yet to see how long they last , decided to try after i got tired of burning threw silverstars in my f150 .
 These bulbs are a bit brighter than stock , not as bright as many , but they last much longer . High wattage equals brightness and heat . Heat shortens bulb life . I use the headlights in the rain , fog and dark . I know bulbs that are incredibly bright but last around three weeks with only night use . My last roadtrip was over 10,000 miles I did n't want to replace the bulbs on a trip like that . Being a motorhead I am using the GE bulbs and plan on buying Hella 550 amber fog lights with clear lens guards with plastic covers over those . Remember to aim your lights correctly after polishing the plastic light covers.-Pete
 These are not high powered bulbs , they 're standard bulbs . I would compare them to sylvania 's xtra vision -LRB- +12 % -RRB- . They last a decent while comparatively to sylvania 's silverstars but lack a little bit of the power . for the money I 'd rather go with phillips xtreme vision -LRB- +80 % -RRB- for a couple dollars extra .
 I was looking for a brighter set of lights and this set filled the bill . Just remember to clear/clear the Headlight lens before comparing the difference . If you do n't know how to clear up your headlight that have gone yellow over time do a search on youtube for `` yellow headlights '' to find out how you clean them up . Drive safely and illuminated at night .
 I was looking for a brighter set of lights and this set filled the bill . Just remember to clear/clear the Headlight lens before comparing the difference . If you do n't know how to clear up your headlight that have gone yellow over time do a search on youtube for `` yellow headlights '' to find out how you clean them up . Drive safely and illuminated at night .
 I got these bulbs to replace a pair of Sylvania Ultras which I was less than happy with . After only a few months they had been so dim I wondered if I even had them on more than once . This plus the pair I put in my Tundra both went out within days of each other ... so I went looking for a different brand , and so far so good . These are nice and bright , though I ca n't yet say if they are longer lasting ... but I 'm keeping my fingers crossed . For the price -LRB- buy one get one free -RRB- you ca n't beat them!Update : A year and a half later , the set I put in my Mustang are still going strong . The set I put in the Tundra at the exact same time just had to be replaced . It was almost exactly 18 months after putting them in , and they both went out within a few days of each other . I 'm still very happy with their performance and life , especially considering I got them as a BOGO free deal on Amazon .
 great light works great I can sure see the road ahead a lot better and the deal was great good buy !!
 You ca n't go wrong when you purchase an exact replacement for the Rycom 6040 . The battery compartment and holder is designed for this battery .
 Nice wheel cover ! Expensive looking and fits well . Feels good on your hands , great grip for turns . Good buy , GO PATS !
 LIVING IN FLA THE INSIDE OF CARS GETS HOT . WITH THIS COVER HAVING THE MESS SIDE GRIPS I CAN GRAB THE WHEEL AND NOT TURN THE PALMS OF MY HANDS TO TOAST . WELL WORTH ADDING TO YOU CAR . YOUR HANDS WILL THANK YOU .
 My 20 year old grandson wanted Patriots accessories for his recent Volvo purchase . He really loves this steering wheel cover . Great item
 The cover is very heavy duty and looks good . However , we put it on when it was cold out and it took three people to get it on . On the plus side , it will never fall off . Overall , pleased with my purchase .
 This item was just what I was looking for , for my grandson . It was delivered quickly and will be a great present for christmas .
 I love it . CR Hi Bend is much better riding position than stock on XR650L . I also like how it does n't have a support cross bar in the way .
 This may turn out to be one of the most handy items I have in my garage.I like the looks of it and might wind up buying two . One for motor oil and one for measuring other chemicals that I use in gardening.The increments are easy for me to see and this container is very easy to use .
 Bought these lights to replace stock bulbs which were working -LRB- I saved them for spares -RRB- as preventative maintenance and to see if I could gain some lighting performance . Ca n't really tell for sure they are any better but I feel that they are a little whiter and I might be able to see a little farther of the sides of the road . Time will tell how they last but for the price I feel these are pretty good quality bulbs . Think I could tell more of a difference with the night hawk hi beams I installed -LRB- 9005 -RRB- .
 These bulbs have been in our car for about five weeks now and I noticed immediately that they have a wider and whiter light beam than the Sylvania XtraVision 's that they replaced . If they last the 12-14 month average of the Sylvania 's I 'll be really happy with them . I 'll wait at least 10 more months to comp ; are longevity , though .
 I used to always get my lights for my Pacifica replaced with the Sylvania silverstar , which were n't cheap . I decided to go with the GE nighthawk and it was the best decision . Better quality than Sylvania , cheaper and lasts longer . I highly recommend it .
 These bulbs put a lot of light on the road , I 'd prefer a higher color temperature .
 These are headlight bulbs . They light up real good . They have inspired me to write the following haiku : GE Nighthawk bulbs for cheapAmazon ships fastIllumination is mine.Thank you .
 I am very happy with this product!I was concerned the light from these bulbs would be too blue -LRB- a weird process some vendors are using to `` enhance '' vision -RRB- . The light from these bulbs is white , very bright white , intense , strong , penetrating , etc.Immediately after changing the bulbs in my cars -LRB- Explorer and BMW 3 -RRB- I noticed the street signs appeared far in the distance . I can see the signs at least 100 to 150 feet further away . The light coming from the Nighthawk bulbs is not random or omnidirectional , it is highly focused in front of the car .
 my dodge sprinter uses thes bulbs as driving lights , whenever the engine is running the lights are on . these bulbs are o.e.m. quality . lasting three times longer than others i 've tried
 I recently had a headlight go out on my 2006 Subaru WRX . I did some extensive researching on halogen headlight bulbs and found that consumer reports tested several headlight bulbs including the Nighthawks and Sylvania Sivlerstars . According to them , no headlight increased light output . The only improvement any of them made is the Nighthawk increased visible distance by 50 feet , but only in one of their test vehicles , the Honda Ridgeline.After installing the H7 Nighthawks , I am relatively pleased with them . They seem to be slightly brighter and whiter than my previous stock headlight bulbs . However , do n't buy these bulbs expecting to see a significant increase in light output and whiteness . The increase is not significant . I would though recommend these bulbs over standard OEM replacement bulbs . They perform well for their price . If you want to improve your headlights significantly , save up for HIDs.UPDATE !!!!! As you can see by the date in my comment , today is February 1 , 2012 . I purchased these headlight bulbs almost exactly 2 years ago . I still have them in my WRX and they still work perfectly . Also , how the heck did someone not think my review was helpful ? I clearly explained how these headlights performed
 I was tired of the Sylvania Silverstar and others burning out so rapidly . One went out in 3 months ! Had read that these have good light output and active life . The bulbs are true to both claims . I used them in my 2002 Mazda Protege5 , and the light is better than the stock , and they 've lasted me more than 6 months , and still going . I hope they last a while.I am definitely going to prefer these over the sylvania light bulbs from now on .
 Some reviewers have questioned these bulbs ' increased brightness . To put those claims to rest , I have replaced only one of these bulbs , and turned my headlights on . There is definitely a noticeable increase in brightness and color . These bulbs are whiter and I 'd say 10-15 % brighter on my 2009 Jetta . Definitely an improvement over stock bulbs . I 've used Sylvania SilverStar Ultra before and had them burn out time and time again after just 3-4 months of use . These are a welcome change !
 I switched from Sylvania bulbs , and these last MUCH longer . These last a good six months , and my lights are on all the time .
 Replaced the stock bulbs on my 2011 Hyundai Sonata . The GE Nighthawks give a much whiter , brighter light than the stock bulbs . I will report on lifespan when I get a chance to use them . Makes a big difference in the rainy Seattle/Tacoma area .
 I bought these for my wife 's '07 Hyundai Sonata which had a burned out bulb . Definitely seemd a bit brighter than the stock bulbs after installing them . She ended up following me home from somewhere the other night and I could definitely notice the difference in brightness . Good purchase .
 I wanted to have a brighter head light when driving at night . I tried some Sylvania Silverstar , they were good but they had a short life . These GE Nighthawks were recommended so I tried them and I like them . I think that they are better than the Sylvania ones .
 my husband installed them on our car and they seem to be brighter than the original . recommend them if u need new light bulbs
 I used Sylvania Silverstars for a number of years but could no longer stomach the price versus the short life . I find these are a great compromise and I use them in a Saab 9-3 and a Saturn Outlook . I have gotten good service life out of these and they are way better than standard halogen bulbs .
 Work great , a successful sales . I continue to address the maintenance needs of our vehicles and this effort bodes well for meeting those needs
 I 'm very happy with these lights . There are certainly brighter than the OEM bulbs , enough to improve your visibility at night from stock but not obnoxiously bright like some others out there .
 I replaced my stock 2005 Hyundai Elantra bulbs with these bulbs recently ... and these bulbs alone were nearly as bright as having my brights on ! Very impressed .
 Previous headlights have n't lasted very long , and I started going to lower powered bulbs to get better lifetime . However , the light output from those bulbs was n't anywhere near sufficient . These bulbs are much brighter , and I 've heard that they last longer , but only time will tell .
 I installed these bulbs as soon as I received them . They seem brighter than the originals and work great . I have been using them about a month . Good deal and good service .
 I bought it for my my 2006 Jetta and it has been working great thus far . It is much brighter than the factory installed and no problems.I would recommend it . And the price was a great deal as well .
 I was n't sure these would really make a difference , but after a few weeks of using them I find night time visibility definitely improved . Hard to say whether it is 10 % or 30 % but well worth the price .
 I used these lights to replace the original lights on a Saab 9-3 . They work amazing . I think they are a little brighter than the OEM lights .
 I do a significant amount of driving at night , and today I went online to find a replacement bulb as one just burned out on me . I was shocked to come across this page and find the last date I ordered these blubs -- December 2009 . They lasted a few months over two years . I do n't think the color is yellow , they do n't happen to be exceptionally bright , but while some premium bulbs get reviews of their lives lasting only four months , I found this impressive . Based on this , I 'll probably be ordering another set of GE bulbs once I can figure out the different versions they have now .
 Great headlights that get the job done . Compared to standard bulbs , these are much brighter , and with a much whiter light . For the price on Amazon , you ca n't beat them .
 I bought the lights to replace the stock H7 light I had on my car . The beam are brighter than the OEM Philips .
 Bought this set of lights to replace my dimming OEM VW bulbs on a 2007 Rabbit . I can see a marginally increased light output with slightly better distance vision , I have not noticed a significantly wider light pattern . Given the cost of these bulbs I would consider them a great replacement and worth their value . I can not comment on their longevity yet , but going strong so far .
 One bulb was burned out on my 2003 Golf . The other bulb was purchased from -LSB- ... -RSB- After replacing the burned out bulb with the GE Nighthawk , the two bulbs seem about the same brightness . So I do n't know what the GE bulb is 30 % brighter than , but the bulbs were cheaper than the ones I 've been using , so they still seem like good bulbs .
 When trouble shooting a problem with an ECM I took awrong turn and lost lots of time while using a cheap12v continuity tester . After getting this tool I sawthe signal right away and was able to diagnose theproblem .
 This was a replacement for a 70A charger/converter that was installed in my sailboat . The installation was easy and the performance is exactly right . I have the manual controller dongle attached and it seems to recharge my 460AH battery bank quickly.The only information that I wish for is a set of curves that show voltage output vs current for the three modes of operation . Most people would n't care but I am an engineer-info freak.Bottom line - I would recommend this unit to anyone who needs a robust charger for a bank of batteries .
 I had no problem installing and it worked as described . I like the remote indicator that comes with it which my old converter did n't have . The batteries came up to float and I do n't have any loss of water .
 I have used this brand before with excellent results , so when it was deemed that the present one on the new trailer was very weak -LRB- China -RRB- , this was my only choice . It is USA made . The small cheap ones do n't give you much charging power and you must conserve the 12 volt useage . This one has a 14 volt boost mode that will keep your batterys charged and lights bright . Before , the interior lights looked like yellow bug lights .
 It was everything they said . installation was simple . price was the best from anyone l could find this is the fourth converter l have replaced in my rv . Will see how long this one last .
 My 42 ' Travel Trailer 's power converter died . This was my first encounter a Power Converter . I have used this one for a year and it has responded to every thing I have asked of it . The price was right . I was amazed how easy installation was . Unplug the old , plug in the new . It worked for me .
 ordered this for 1994 Honda Civic . Easy to install . The fit is perfect and it stays in place just as it should .
 Ms - 129 Slash cuts will not fit 1994 FXDL without bracket BK9 . They will fit 1995 and up using the stock bracket . These are deep sounding , heavy chrome mufflers at a real good price . Did not have to re-jet as of now . No pop back at all . Replaced the factory slip on 's and they sound much better , like an HD should .
 VERY IMPRESSED , HAD USED THESE BEFORE BUT IN LATER YEARS COULD NOT FIND THEM , A BIG IMPROVEMENT OVER THE STANDARD BULBS , BUT YET A INEXPENSIVE UPGRADE FROM SOME OF THE MORE HIGH DOLLAR ONES
 at first it made me was a little nervious ordering headlighy bulbs . there are so many different ones.bt because of the cross referance on the site from amazon it made me feel a bit better.the bulbs arrived quickly . they were the rite ones to . thank you amazon for making it so easy .
 Fits my 2002 Maxima perfectly . The two adhesive strips do look flimsy but I gave it a shot anyhow . I simply pressed the mirror firmly into place , putting extra pressure on the adhesive strips . Voila ! Instant new mirror ! It has been over a month and no problems at all . Apparently the two adhesive strips alone are enough to hold the mirror in place . Great purchase and great price .
 After an idiot driver totally annihilated my passenger side mirror -LRB- mirror housing back plate was destroyed as well as the mirror itself -RRB- , I needed to at least replace the mirror . I am searching for the mirror housing back plate for installation at a later date . This replacement mirror fit perfectly in my Infiniti i35 passenger side mirror housing . The installation was super easy . I did add a little silicone to the back part of the replacement mirror for extra adhesion . I could not be happier with my purchase .
 I have been shopping with Amazon for a while now . I am really happy with their services.Regarding this particular product , at first I was quite worried if I am ordering the right thing , as it doesnt have any picture linked . But , I got what I wanted . Good quality product.Got free super saver shipping on this product and it was at my door step in less than 48 hours . five stars to the product quality and service .
 The mirror fit to the housing very well . The attachment of mirror to mirror internal mechanism if by two adhesive strips . Replacement can be done with mirror still mounted to the car , just remove broken mirror and stick on the new one . Time will tell if the adhesive strips are adequate . I may try adding some silcone adhesive as well .
 Fit perfectly , so easy , all I had to do is place the stickers that came with it to the back of the mirror , put it in place and I got my passenger mirror back . I love it !
 great fit on my 99 honda civic . easy to install , took about 5 minutes to remove old one and install new one .
 Purchased this online after seeing similar/same product in different packaging -LRB- and a higher price -RRB- at Pep Boys.Pleasantly surprised to see that this is ACTUAL glass , not a thin mirror-like product . Also interesting to note that this one listed as a passenger mirror was DOUBLE-SIDED , indicating it could perhaps be used for the drivers ' side ... ? I assumed the mirror strength were different but the &#34; Objects . . &#34; warning was also printed on both sides.Anyhow , it fits like a glove over my original cracked mirror . Used the included adhesive strips and some Scotch Super Glue as an added piece of mind . It has been on for 3 days now and seems strong . Held up fine at the self car wash today , too.Time will tell how long it lasts and I will update this review in a few months .
 Once I got the old one out -LRB- Not so easy -RRB- Then new one fit in great . No more right side blind spot the size of Kansas
 works well no complaints . havent had any check engine light or anything like that so i guess it is making a good seal .
 In todays world where you have to lock up , hide , or sleep next to anything of value - it is a wise investment . At least it will act as a simple deterent .
 A major time saver and a must for 5 volt reference circuits map sensors , speed sensors etc , yellow light comes on in 5 volt circuits fantastic -LRB- sst wont do this -RRB- , blinks when a signal circuit is active . Outstanding for checking speaker wires for opens or shorts to ground . the sst is a great test light I never use it anymore since I purchased this one .
 Replaced my '06 Wrangler 's stock headlights with these . The `` Cool Blue '' is misleading , no blue appearance , but the difference is substantial . These bulbs provide a much brighter and whiter light than stock bulbs . An economical improvement much needed .
 These lights should come stock . The lights in my Jeep were very dim and yellow , ... I installed these and the white light is much brighter . Not that annoying bright blue light , . . a nice crisp white light .
 I have always had good luck with sylvania bulbs , they are always a good deal and now that i got them for the price that i got them here i think we should be set in the headlight department . the first thing i do w / a new -LRB- to me -RRB- used vehicle , besides change the oil in the tranny , xfer case and differentials , is replace the headlights/tail lights . i know that the old ones will go out at the first opportunity and being pulled over by the cops for something so simple to replace is just not worth it . C'mon ppl , it isnt that hard to change headlights .
 The Borla Exhaust fit right on with my new magna flo direct fit catalytic converters with no welding . Sounds great and good gain in acceleration and HP . You will need a U clamp not included to attach to the pipe from the cats .
 Maxlife full synthetic is a top tier oil IMO . Have used it in the past and snatched up some more when Amazon had it on a good special . It makes my 4 cyl Tacoma purr real nice . No start up noises and the valvetrain is super quiet . Even though it is a grade thicker than Toyota recommends it does not affect fuel economy . In general I have very good luck with Valvoline products .
 One of the Best High Mileage Synthetic oils in the market that is extremely hard to find in stores especially in auto part stores . How ironic I can only find it on amazon lol .
 took a little adjusting to get them to fit my 87 xl600 but they work great fo keeping the wind and rain off my hands .
 I got the synthetic blend Maxlife in walmart because I needed it right away but it 's a good buy on Amazon , where I usually shop for such items . I assume the results for the full synthetic would be similar to that for the synthetic blend . I used this in an '03 Cadillac DeVille DTS that was burning a quart about every 500 miles and this was causing a problem loading up the catalytic converter and turning on the check engine light . These cars , with the Northstar V8 engine , are known for relatively high oil consumption but this one was really bad . I had heard of others having good results reducing consumption with this oil so I thought I 'd give it a try . Well , in the 500 or so miles since doing an oil change it does n't seem to have burned any oil ! This is nothing short of miraculous . I do n't know if you 'll get the same results in your vehicle but it may be worth trying . Really amazing .
 A lot of people , especially older gentlemen that have been changing their oil since 1960 will scoff at these new oils and say something like `` oil is oil , just get whatever name brand is cheapest . '' While that may have been true in 1960 , it is now 2012 and the oil making industry has grown by leaps and bounds.The synthetic oils made today are , in a word , amazing ! So much research goes into them that it almost seems foolish to go with anything other than synthetic . That said , the most important thing is that you change your oil regularly . Its better to use a cheaper conventional oil and change every 3000 than use an expensive synthetic -LRB- like this -RRB- and change every 5-7000 . If you really love you car as much as I do , use this oil and change it every 3000 miles or 3 months , whichever comes first . This oil is even more worth it when your car is getting old , I 'm at 93,000 -LRB- 2004 Jeep WJ -RRB- and changed to synthetic around 70,000 . I choose Valvoline -LRB- and this oil specifically -RRB- after spending hours on jeepforums.com and seeing what people were using . I have no complaints , never had a hard cold start or any oil related problems . I highly recommend this oil .
 I am still nursing along a 1992 Dodge Mini Van AWD . It used to clatter like an old typewriter at start up and then settle down after warm up . First time Maxlife was put in , the engine started and ran without a rattle!Been using Maxlife now for the past 3 years and my OBV -LRB- old blue van -RRB- is still running like a clock but without all the clicking and clacking.I am going to have them put in VAlvolines new ATF 3-4 transmission fluid too ... as everyone says the dodge a/t 's are also problem childs .
 The ; Valvoline Maxlife synthetic Motor oil , frome Amazon , that I use in my car is vary good . . Amazon thes product you should keep on your shelfs . . Aaron Van Crawford . .
 the product came in perfect condition and on time , thanks to the trial period of Amazon Prime .
 This brush helps me reach the lower part of my van without having to kneel or over flex my back . However , the surface should be hosed down to remove/loosen the dirt as the brush is too soft to scrub effectively on it 's own .
 I used this product to wash the siding on my house . It worked perfectly - especially in high-up , hard to reach places .
 Show your appreciation for the most successful baseball team in the national league by purchasing this license plate . Looks great .
 GM only used these mirrors for 2 years for good reason , they tend to break if bumped . Fortunately these are OEM quality for 10 % of the price of dealer charges . Replaced both my mirrors , they 're smooth & shiny and easy to replace .
 Bought one of these from Pep Boys and had it for years till it broke . Could n't find anymore until I finally found them here at Amazon . Best ever squeegee . Works great on glass . Also works great to squeegee off the whole car after you 've washed it . Hardly any need to towel dry it after that .
 I owned one for years when I worked for a cleaning service . I made the mistake of giving it to my wife to use in her car , and she kept it in the divorce . Been looking for one to replace it ever since . The flexible head and twin blade design make it ideal for washing your car , and works great on windows too .
 We have owned a pair of these for over 12 years and just bought replacement ones only because we were afraid the two older ones might break sometime and we 'd be without one . These are the best for all windows or windshields , but we use them on our clear glass shower dooors to keep them looking new longer and these do the job !
 I purchased two of these - one for our home windows and one for my car . Lightweight , easy to use , has some good flexibility in the blade area and has a double row blade which cleans effectively on the first pass . I 'm already saving money not having to waste paper towels to clean my exterior car windows . Very satisfied customer .
 Simple but does the job very well - saves me time when I wash the windows at home .
 This is the best product ever for drying your car . Why use towels or chamois when you can squeegie it off first , then wipe up the little spots .
 This works great for my car in the morning to get all the condensation off with no marks etc. . . to distract from driving
 Works excellent after a rain , large vehicles , and I like the curve , excellent on windows .
 HomeRight C800504 EZI DryI 've bought this squeegee several times over 10 years . It 's great for helping dry cars and cleaning glass shower doors after a shower . It 's flexible , yet sturdy . The twin blades do the job twice as fast and two times better than other squeegees on the market . Great for windows as well ! Gave them as presents . People were skeptical at first , but then thanked me later and told me of their amazement with it . I will definitely keep buying the EZI-Dry .
 this is the type of squeegie i have been looking for . it 's great and highly recommend it . thanks
 They work really well in the shower ! I 've used them for 10 + years but they are hard to find . Finally discovered them at a good price on Amazon.HomeRight C800504 EZI Dry
 This is an awesome product , which we have used for years . We purchased more for use in the business and think it is a great product .
 This is an excellent product . I do n't rememeber how to spell the thing this is ... that starts with an S. . . so I will just keep calling it a product -LRB- see picture to remember what it is , as drug dealers will talk about their product , and they do n't mean this ... and when I say `` buy this product , '' I am not saying you are going to get a bunch of cocaine ... really , coke 's not that cheap -RRB- . So , it 's curved , but flexable so it really hugs your windshield , and if you want , if you really really want , you can use it on flat windows too . I bought this to keep in my STi -LRB- car -RRB- , and it 's perfect , much better than the stupid ones at gas stations . However , they will not give you a break on gas because you brought your own ... do n't even ask . I hope you like and vote for my review !!! Sam
 It worked alright for the price . I did not have high expectations for it . It did hold water in the tube and it also pushed it out when needed . It does not hold the water great but works ok . I purchased it for further reach . The fact that it does hold some water is a plus .
 These bulbs are really cool but have been discontinued . I had then on my vehicle for the last 6 years and decided to stock up before I could n't find any more
 These are the coolest bulbs that I have ever seen . They add a real touch of class to any vehicle . When off , they are a chrome/blue color thsat sparkle in the daylight , and light up bright amber when on . Sadly , discontinued by Sylvania , get these while you can !
 Just got the Sylvania SilverStars installed -LRB- first set from Amazon came in shattered from vendor but replaced very quickly -LRB- 2 Days -RRB- -- Thanks Amazon.com -RRB- and I like the look very much . Looks great in my 2003 Ford F150 Harley-Davidson .
 the bulbs seem to provide a brighter light than the stock items , now at night they can be seen lighting up the street sign when activated .
 I purchased clear corners for my 01 Durango . I added these for the blue tint they give off when not lit . They look exceptional good , very happy with my purchase .
 I like the product its just that wow i spent too much . But they are no longer being sold and I can understand that the limited stock has risen the price . They are more of a yellow than amber . Since the life of these is 12 months I put them as my blinkers and not Daytime running lights .
 A brighter , better looking amber driving lamp than the ` white ' stock driving lamps . They seem to be a little pricey but are slightly brighter than the led amber driving lamps that I tried . Well worth the difference !
 This bulb works perfectly for the Saturn Sky front turn signals . Simply trim down the -LRB- 2 -RRB- flaps on each base/bulb and they slide right into the socket . 5 minutes or less . Much better than the `` egg yolk '' yellow bulbs that come stock . Bulb flashes yellow , which is a Texas law .
 These bulbs are what manufacturers ought to use instead of the nasty-looking amber bulbs mandated by the Government , particularly where the bulb forms a visible part of the lamp assembly .
 Love this product . Good quality and long lasting . Have it in my 2004 Nissan Titan and 2010 Dodge Journey . Gives the look of chrome as you pass the vehicle while parked , but illuminates to amber when it is used .
 I like the way this light looks . I would recomend this to anyone that is thinking of buying this light .
 Great product . I bought them to replace my front turn signals on my Chevy . Brighter then stock bulbs . Good for safety while driving at night .
 Great lights ! . Very easy install . I replaced front and back lights on my 07 Toyota Corolla and it took me about 15 min . Looks a lot better than stock .
 Classy blue/orangey hue . Nice and bright.Street legal and like not the colored ebay bulbs
 I have these lights for my 2005 Chevy Silverado . They have a sharp and crisp looks to them . I enjoy the mix that the amber light and the blue tint creates . Make the front look slick .
 Is a very good product , but actually I do n't see much difference against the simple model it replaces . Only the outher color .
 I brought 3 pks of the silverstar ultra to put on my 2001 explorer and they work just great ; I am glad that they were available at Amazon , I could not find them anywhere else .
 I like the look of blue instead of orange in my headlight assembly . These lights do n't appear any brighter than stock , just blue when off , orange when on .
 These bulbs are brighter than standard and make signals show more . Comments have been very good so far , even from those who did not know about the changeout .
 I purchased clear signal light covers for my Camry and the Blue tint looks GREAT ! It has a very bright amber signal . Great Looking and Safe . Highly recommend especially with the clear light covers .
 I love the blue look of these lamps in the clear housing . No more `` egg yolk '' look . They are also very bright and look great . Normal amber when lit .
 Bulbs look great . I had recently installed smoked-out clear-corner headlight casings in my 03 Mustang and wanted something that would look better than the ugly orange bulb while still serving the same purpose . These look really sharp during the day and are just as functional as any turn signal bulb.My only complaint would be , they originally arrived in a paper envelope , crushed to pieces . Amazon sent me a boxed replacement no questions asked , but still...light-bulbs ... shipped in paper ?
 Real heavy weight disc lock . I had to return the Xena 18 as it Was too big for my discs . The Xena 14 fits my 07 Victory Vegas with no problems . It isnt overly sensitive , and the alarm is loud but not ear piercing . Its easy to arm , and disarrm . I know nothing is 100 % theft-proof , but this is a great secondary backup device/deterrent . I 'm happy with the quality , and hoping I never have to see it `` in use . ''
 I read the owner manual which was n't much . Installed the battery , and placed it in my disc brake . It 's says u 'll hear a long beep to notify that you xena is working , and it does that every time I use it . It 's my first week so hopefully it will continue to work like this . Overall , I love this product , and I feel a sense of relief that my Harley is somewhat safe !
 This mirror fit our mirror frame perfectly ; however , the first time that door was shut it fell out and shattered . We used the adhesive system that came with it . Next time we 'll use gorilla glue instead !
 We have an older Subaru which needed a replacement mirror . It was very reasonable and fit perfectly . We were very happy with this purchase .
 Overall , the HomeRight Auto Wash Stick works well on flat surfaces but if your car has wheel well mouldings , fender flares , spoilers , air dams , roof racks , or just about anything not flat , I find it hard to get those areas . And many places ca n't be gotten to no matter what . It earns a 4 star because where it can be used it works pretty good . If your car is an easy car to wash then perhaps you will really like it . Mine is a hard one to wash so when I get done , I let it dry then go back and wash the areas I missed by hand . Even with that , it 's still easier and quicker than washing the whole thing with a sponge . Plus the long handle makes it easier to do the roof without stretching or reaching and the lower areas without stooping . It feels a little light duty and I worry how long it will last , but if it holds up well I would probably buy another .
 This is the greatest invention since sliced bread ! I do n't know how I ever lived without this thing . I have tried other similar items like a chenille wash stick from walmart/target -LRB- junk -RRB- that are cheap and cheezy , but none compare to this item . This has performed great for years -LRB- I recently ordered replacement mitts from the homeright website -RRB- and washes the car like no other gadget . The long handle prevents the backache that comes from using a hand sponge and it fills with soapy water which you can squeeze out as you are washing so you do n't have to keep dipping into your bucket . The fat handle is ergonomic for the hands ; it is easy to hold/grip and feels good unlike the skinny metal poles of the cheap ones . The mitt can be removed and washed and the original one lasted me years before I ordered a replacement . Fantastic ! I would recommend this to everyone , I hope they never stop making it !!!
 This Auto Wash Stick is Great ! I just got a new car and could n't reach the top to wash it but was worried about scratching the new paint . This stick is very soft , but cleans great and is long enough to reach the top of my car .
 I have a GMC Acadia , which is a fairly large , wide , high SUV . I needed something that would reach across the roof and the hood . This wash stick did the job . It cleaned over 95 % of my SUV , including under my roof racks . I doubt there is anything out there that would do a better job . I finished the job off with aCleaning Glove Car Wash Mitt w/Cuffwhich is super fluffy , that got into all the nook 's and cranny 's that the Wash Stick missed.When I pulled the handle up , it sucked up about a quart of soapy water out of my bucket . It took about 5 qt to do my whole SUV . Saved a lot of time and bending to clean the lower portion of the car and worked quite well . This is not a piece of junk like you get for $ 12 or $ 14 in the discount stores . It 's a well made quality product that will last quite a while .
 Simply amazing the superb quality for this wash stick . I 'm disabled and ca n't do alot of things most folks take for granted . We use a cargo trailer to haul around my power chair , and this wash stick is a dream to use when it 's time to wash our trailer . The handle will easily unlock to make adjustments to the lengthen or shorten the handle.The quality of this product will likely be sticking around your garage for years to come , and be ready for your next washing project .
 This is a fine tool for wintertime car washing . No stooping , no stretching , and keep your hands out of the wash bucket - with this little wand , I can wash across the roofline of my car from either side - wash the car in 10-15 minutes in my driveway and save $ $ $ - also , better for car finish than commercial car washes.It sucks soapy water from your wash bucket into the wand handle fairly well , and feeds it out as needed , so you do n't have to go back to the bucket so much.A good product .
 I have been using this for a couple of months now and I ca n't say enough good things about it . It really works great and as advertised . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Washes car more quickly and with less effort . Also easily reaches the roof of my SUV . Great product . Very soft so I do n't worry about scratches . I also do n't really notice much/any lint left behind . I bought one for myself some time back . My dad , who has watched me use it , wants one for Christmas .
 I have owned this for a year now and have experienced no problems with the cloth cover staying on . If you own a pickup truck or a higher van or suv , this is a must . I really do n't use the tube to suck up water from a bucket . I found the first time that you can quickly use up the water in the bucket , but the ability to extend the tube for a longer reach is great . The cloth head comes off easily for cleaning when done .
 The backing for the mitt has a slight curve and fairly soft flex that does a surprisingly good job on and around door trim . Uses more washing solution than hand washing , but that is the only negative .
 What a pleasure it was to finally wash my car quickly and easily . This great extending car mop , lets you put a little concentrated car wash at the mop end , put it into a pail of water , then pull on it and as it extends , the water mixes with the car wash and the tube handle opens up and gives you a perfect mix of car washing action . As you move around your car with the mop , you gently push the handle in to let the mixture out into the mop and you move it over the whole car . The you can just hose it off and towel dry it . I love washing my car and now this gadget makes it fast and fun !
 I bought this for my husband after we had gotten our first SUV . At first look he did n't like it - UNTIL he used it ! Now it is wonderful . You use less water while washing a vehicle . And we are for conserving water . Would definitely recommend to others .
 It is a brush to get to those hard to reach roof areas of your car . Save money do it yourself
 There was a strip in the middle of the roof of my truck that I just could n't reach by hand . This stick extends my reach far enough that there is no spot that I ca n't reach anymore . The pad is nice and soft , I love it .
 This useful auto wash tool makes things like washing the roof of your truck easy within reach . Handy Soap storage is convenient as well.The only improvement that could be made is that the head to be more flexible
 I got this for a minivan as it I difficult to reach to top of the vehicle . It it able to reach most remote parts of the van . It manages and releases the soapy water well . The whole thing operates like a giant syringe in a way.The fabric head is removable for machine wash . Ca n't thing of anything bad to write about .
 I 'm very happy with this purchase . I now can finally reach the top of my SUV . Plus the corners of the tool is thin and curved and it 's easier to reach the narrow areas under the door handles and the roof racks . I wish the package came with an extra mitt , so that I can use one with soap and use the other to dry the car roof with .
 The main benefit I found of this mop is that it 's light enough to handle with the rod full of water . It 's a clever design and is so much easier than struggling with a heavy hose at one end . Saves a bunch of trips back to the soap bucket . The simple water fill mechanism works smoothly . The mop end design is gentle on the car 's finish . Ca n't say anything about durability yet . The parts seem sturdy enough . The round knob that is used to push the water out is comfortable .
 Having used it twice I can say this , it 's easy on my back , which is why I bought it . It does an OK job though . The mitt doesnt fit real well but it does the job . When sucking soluton into the barrel it will leak out on its own so in a sense once you 've filled it up you have a 4ft long wash stick .
 I find it useful for washing hard to reach places like the roof , back window , windshield and bed cover on my tacoma truck . I can wash all those places from one side of the truck . I like washing the places I can reach with my hand using just a sheepskin mitt because I usually run water on the spots while I 'm wiping to help wash away the gritty dirt . I find that the water that the stick holds does n't go a long way . Too bad they do n't make it so you can attach a garden hose directly to it and keep the water running . I like it better than a flow through brush that I bought before . The brush bristles would miss thin areas in between them so you would see streaks of dirt after making a couple of passes with it .
 Bought the wash stick and was able to wash two cars in record time . Only the really stubborn bird poop needed to be cleaned with the old wash mitt . For $ 21 , its a back saver and gets the job done !
 took a little adjusting to get them to fit my 87 xl600 but they work great fo keeping the wind and rain off my hands .
 I bought these for my husband for christmas . He absolutly loves them they are made out of a heavy material that is what we needed . I love the way they look and the additional pockets for storage help out a ton .
 Replacement battery for a Toro electric lawn mower -LRB- 4 batteries required -RRB- . The replacment battery was received in excellent condition and has worked reliably all of the 2012 mowing season .
 What a difference these bulbs made on our car . The bulbs in our 2005 Ion were 5 years old , but the OEM bulbs never shined like these . It is a very nice white light that really light up the road at night , without blinding other drivers .
 Could n't really tell if was brighter but it certainly was whiter and more attractive than my yellow Durango OEMs .
 i was hoping that these would be a significant upgrade from my older sylvania headlight bulbs , but to be completely honest , i have n't noticed any real difference . i thought they would be much bluer , but from the driver 's seat , i ca n't tell the difference between the new one and an old one -LRB- that 's still installed -RRB- without really looking hard . they are great , but i think i would save 10 bucks and buy the model below the silver stars .
 This product is a brand name . I could find a commercial names cheaper than Sylvania , but as i am familiar with this brand name as it has more quality and more durability than any other product .
 I put these in my 2003 Neon SXT about 2-3 years ago and what a difference . They are way better than stock lights and , not as much glare . I finally had 1 burn out and just the 1 bulb puts more light on the road than my stock lights did with both working . Now I 'm going to try the SilverStar Ultra .
 I could get the face of my wheels clean on my 09 scion tc but never the width of the wheel . This brush is perfect for getting that clean and in between spokes.This , in combination with the Meguiars short handle wheel brush -LRB- for the face of the wheel -RRB- is perfect for having clean wheels . Love it !
 Good safe detail brush for motorcyles . Works well for my harley . Would recommend for sure .
 I have the E Z Detail brush and it 's a winner . I use it to clean the rims on my 2010 Camaro and works great . And it was shipped out fast . Thanks for a real useable product ! And at a fair price too !
 Good for cleaning the car engine and rims since the fibers are soft and easy to maneuver .
 I was a bit nervous of making a purchase of something such as a part online for my vehicle . I was n't sure if it came ready to install but this was exact as described . Smooth installation and saved me and my family a lot of money compared to dealer .
 This automatic or power mirror fit great and looks just like it came out of the factory , everything fit perfect , 100 % satisfied .
 Customer service was unbelievable . Had a problem with the product , I wrote a review of the product and they called me to fix the problem , which they did . I would do business with them again . 5 stars on customer service . I would give the product a 3.5 to4 .
 Product was in excellent shape , arrived on time . I had absolutely no problems ordering or receiving this order . It was a pleasant first experience dealing with Amazon .
 It has installed since 2009 . It works well so far . Easy to install as long as you have the right tool to take the door panel out .
 Great socket . Perfect fit , very durable , and cost effective . I would certainly buy another OTC socket . Thanks for the great product !
 This hub locknut wrench worked great , fit perfectly . The specs did not include my truck but the one called out for my year did n't work . If anyone is looking for a wrench for a 1997 Ford F350 4x4 this is the one you want for the removing the front wheel hub bearings .
 This tool works fine for the outer locking nut . Do not use it to adjust the inner wheel bearing nut otherwise you will break off the anti-rotation pin on the inner nut . I like using this tool for the outer nut rather than using the locknut socket designed for the inner wheel bearing retaining nut . It stays on the nut better at the high torque loads required for the outer nut .
 This part fits and functions just like the original . Very good replacement cap . High quality . Would purchase again and recommend to others .
 Item arrived very early and in excellent condition , beautiful plate , only reason for the four stars is that I was expecting a very pretty , clear and light blue license plate , and the plate is actually very dark and fuzzy because of the stark white eagle / very dark blue and dark red frame .
 Great price , quick shipping . They were exactly what my local shop couldnt get at a killer price .
 A very nice , very solid console unit -- little to no shifting while driving , and the top 's solid enough for my 50-pound dog to jump on it without damage -LRB- to either console or dog -RRB- . The main compartment has a clipboard under its cover , which is handy ; the smaller one hinges in such a way that it 's only accessible to the driver , which is a touch awkward , but not too bad . The one thing to watch out for
 Since trading trucks , I had been looking for a console locally . What I found in the local auto parts and discount stores was disappointing . The Wolf console , on the other hand , was just what I had in mind . It keeps a mountain of `` seat clutter '' under control , has room for all my in-car charders and connections and is strong enough to lean on on long drives . I 've been very happy with this purchase since taking it out of the box . My only criticism is the strap on the bottom , presumably to secure it to the seat with the center lap belt . It is a piece of elastic strap with a couple of staples on each end . Not really a problem , the console does n't move around in normal use . I 'm still very pleased . For under $ 100 , free shipping and delivery in two days , I do n't think you will find a better bench console .
 Fits pretty good in the ford f-150 , makes the truck more comfortable to ride in . wish they would have made the cup holders fit a normal can of soda though , other than that great product
 I use this in my 2000 Chevy C3500 -LRB- old body style -RRB- work truck . It looks great but it does ` nt quite sit back far enough on the seat . I used a bungee cord thru the back of the seat to keep it sittin where it needs to be . The seat belt loop it comes with is useless .
 I searched the internet over for a console for my Ford F-150 XL work truck . I had a Lariat before and really missed the console . I found this console available from several locations , so it made my list . I liked the descriptions and the pics , but because of the low price -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , I was skeptical that the quality could be high at so low a price . Well , let me tell you that this is a great fit , very good quality construction and materials , installation was a no-brainer , and I like it BETTER than the console I had in the Super Crew Lariat.Don ' t let the price fool you . This is a keeper .
 This console replaced my older , smaller console . Two large compartments provide plenty of space . The smaller is great for glasses , wallet , anything you need at your fingertips . There is also a cup holder with space for cell phones or whatever small items you want to have at hand . The large compartment has built in places for change , a pen and a pad of paper . There is also a clipboard inside the cover for maps or contracts . It fits perfectly on my bench seat and is a comfortable arm rest . The color matches my interior perfectly . There is a strap under to attach the seatbelt but I have found that the unit does not move , unlike my other one which occasionally slid onto the floor . It is designed for a contractor but is great for anyone who likes to keep the cab of his truck organized and neat .
 Bought this for my truck since I do a lot of work in the cab , and this unit is perfect . It sits well , and holds everything I need .
 We are very satisfied with our console . it was easy to order and payment option was very convienent . I would higly recommend this product to anyone and everyone !
 The headlights in my motorhome were very dim and did n't reach far . These headlights are much better and reach almost as far as the high beams . They also have a different color temperture which is nice . I was able to aim my high beams a little more higher which makes night driving more relaxing .
 Have these in my 79 Ford Fairmont , HUGE difference in night driving , no more short yellow light ! Good bright WHITE light that lets me see so much more!BTW , there are single-filament low beams , not dual beam as the description says . Appears to have the same description on all of them . H4651ST are the matching high beams .
 Older SilverStars are nearly impossible to find on store shelves . On a whim , I checked Amazon and was pleasantly surprised that they had plenty in stock . Excellent buying experience as usual .
 Without going to xenon or led lights these are the best on the market . Their only short coming is longevity . I purchased this to replace a burnt out SilverStar .
 How do you fall in love with your headlights ? Buy a pair of these Silver Star headlights . They will dramatically improve your night driving experience . I have used these for years . These get rid of that nasty old yellow colored light and gives you a nice `` white '' light . Other have compared them to HID lights and I would not go there . My Acura has HID lighting and you will NOT get that with a set of Halogen bulbs no matter what you read . But , do n't misunderstand me , you do get 100 % increased nighttime performance with these headlights . I will NEVER go back to the plain old Halogen replacements again . Silver Star or nothing .
 Installed a full set of four of the Silverstar headlights about two years ago in my 87 Brat . I have had to replace one recently of the H4656ST lights due to the silver coming off inside . Also had alot of moisture inside the bulb for some reason . I will say this much they are a great output light that is easy to install . The light output is a lot whiter also which helps with night driving . Having one to fail after at least two years is not a deal killer for me . Would purchase again but will give four stars due to the one failure !
 i love this product , it fits well and since i did n't want to drill into my `` A '' pillar i used two strips of 3m double sided trip tape , the same type they use at body shops to last a lot longer .
 The Wagan Inverter worked flawlessly on a recent across country trip . It allowed me to keep my laptop and phone charged with out having to have extra cords in the vehicle . The size is just right , it allowes for easy access and does n't take up any room .
 A tool either works or does n't work and this works fine . Do n't know what else to say . Got it for my husband and he 's ok with it .
 I have not used it but know that I will in the future . It 's one of those &#34; must-haves &#34; for the home mechanic .
 this tool does exactly what it is supposed to do . it is high quality steel tool and really makes it so much easier to insert a new valve stem in a wheel
 This is to replace one that I 've had over 20 years that 's misplaced . The price certainly has gone up over the years . It does what 's it 's designed to do and I 'm satisfied with it .
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 Awesome USA made , no coatings that need to be removed , flat and straight right out the box.Alot of bang for the buck for this hunk of iron
 we could n't find this filter anywhere for twice the price ! Fast shipping , great service & product .
 If your like me and do n't like the red colour of K&N filter this is what you need.Plus it help filter the smaller dust and do n't restrict the air flow .
 good product . works as designed and advertised . Ca n't really go wrong with K&N . I would recommend this product to any one who needs more protection for their filter .
 I am a professional mechanic , and have had this same `` silver slapper '' slide hammer set for over 30 years now . It has always worked flawlessly , and have never broken a single part over the years . It is definitely a top quality , classic tool that belongs in every mechanic 's tool set and will last a lifetime . I am writing this review because I am now on here ordering one as a Christmas gift for my son who is just entering the profession .
 I used this to replace the front wheel bearings on my '97 BMW M3 sedan . It worked great . I 've always been a fan of OTC tools . My only gripe about this item is that I wish it came in a hard plastic case .
 This pre-filter is a must for dusty riding . Saves cleaning your regular filter every time . A very good investment for any serious rider .
 Let me start out by saying , I never actually thought I would be able to pull a cool sound out of a Honda motorcycle.I just installed a set of Vance & Hines Cruzers pipes on a 2011 Honda Fury . Oh my GOD !!! the sound this bike now posseses is indescribeable ! My bike sounds sooooo Beast !! I had to modify a bracket to get these pipes to fit my bike , -LRB- I can weld & fabricate pretty well -RRB- They wer n't made for a Fury . But if these fit your bike , do not hesitate to buy these pipes ! They will transform your bike from a daily comuter , to a concrete prowling beast ! After i first cranked it after installing , I could n't contain a big ole grin . You wish to transform your bike into something cool ? ... . BUY Vance & HINES Cruzers !!!!! Money WELL spent !!! 2011 Honda Fury 1300cx
 This Vance & Hines Cruzers exhaust is a perfect fit on my 2007 Honda VTX1300 , looks exactly like the photo on Amazon . It arrived quickly and was easy to install using the directions provided . It probably took us -LRB- husband and wife team -RRB- about an hour or a little less . We did n't need any special tools or extra parts , which was a relief.It looks great and sounds amazing , much louder than our Harley ! Totally changed the way the bike sounds coming down the street , and can be heard for a couple of blocks .
 very good cover it fit just fine i 'm very happy with it , because it came with the color that I wanted
 Great scanner , AutoXray is the nicest company . This product is discontinued from their line , but a very powerful tool . Full warranty and upgradeable to OBD II . Full functionality at a fraction of the cost .
 I purchased this to see what was causing the service engine soon light to come on in my 1995 olds sihloette . wow not only did it tell me that that my throttle position sensor was bad i found out with the live data feature it could tell me what the engine was doing while driving in fact if anything this scanner gives perhaps too much information . I ca n't belive how easy it is to use and update . thanks amazon !
 I have a '93 Corvette with OBD1 capability . The AutoXray 3000 fits the bill to determine trouble codes and clear them . You can also put it in record mode to record readings while you drive for analysis later on.But Wait , there 's more . When you 're driving around you can have an assistant reading the real-time data coming from the car 's computer as you accelerate or cruise or slow down . For my car there are 34 separate readings that you can view and record , including oxygen sensor outputs , MAP sensor readings , TPS data , etc , This made it worth the price of admission by itself . Then I loaded the enclosed software and downloaded the OBDII update . It still does OBD1 , but now -LRB- If i spring for an additional $ 50 OBD-II cable -RRB- I can scan and record all the other newer cars in my household.Some reviewers are grousing that it doesnt do all the things that a $ 6000 Snap-On diagnostic computer would . If the Auto XRay 3000 had cost that much I 'd want it to make coffee while it was repairing my car for me . But this tool is now going for about $ 100 -LRB- it 's an old model as of this writing - newer models go for $ 400 or so -RRB- . The amazing thing is that Auto Xray is still supporting my model - the upgrade SW downloaded and upgraded the device without a hitch.The display is clear and legible in direct sunlight , and backlit for reading in a garage.The readings are clear and unambiguous.The enclosed cables are generously long -LRB- 6-8 ' -RRB- and well made.The carrying case is well made with room for the cables and manuals.The manual is clear and describes using the device with and without the engine running.If you do n't have the Factory Service Manual for your car , There is a place on the AutoXray website that will tell you what your car 's trouble codes mean -LRB- but it 's very rudimentary - get the FSM -RRB- . This is a great tool for do-it-yourselfers . If you like working on your car this will help to de-mystify the car 's computer systems and the ` secret information ' they contain .
 Though this is an older product line , it was perfect for what I needed . My 1994 Chev . was really frustrating me with an on-going misfire that I could n't track down . After a brief setup process the scanner located the problem in minutes . I especially like the informational scan feature that gives you a real time readout of most of the sensor inputs from the engine . Shocked that it is actually Made in the USA . Comes in a nice quality carying case that had room for another scanner that I did n't have a box for . Overall a very nice product that saved me a lot of time . . The price point of $ 82.00 was fantastic .
 I found this product was easy to update with the included information and CD . For my OBDI system it worked great and saved a lot of troubleshooting time . Everything in the box worked and fit perfectly .
 Upon receipt of the Valvoline DuraLube Synthetic Blend Grease , I was impressed by the quality and condition of the 1 LB cans . This item was exactly as described and for the price ... another fantastic deal from Amazon . This Valvoline grease , although not Full Synthetic but instead a blend , will more than serve my needs for lubrication now that winter is approaching . The level of protection for this Valvoline DuraLube grease is from a LOW ambient temperature of -10 degrees F to a High +375 degrees F.My needs for lubrication will be more than adequate with this level of protection in my region of the USA . Thanks Amazon and Valvoline for another great deal in these tough financial times .
 I bought this for my hubby and bought the wrong size . No problem . Sent back to company for return and got bigger size . It is lightweight and fits to the ground to cover his Harley .
 This lock car shade is a great item . It is easy to lock down by a quick tug . it is great because it fits almost the whole window so that no sun light and reach your preciouse babies face.I have one in each of my cars it is great !
 We will see how long a re manufactured sensor lasts.Direct replacement fit for OEM sensor.No CEL , AFRs within limits , solid idle .
 This product does just what is says and no bs . i first thought it was faulty when i saw something about microsoft xp not checking it to see if it was compatible , but it works so far flawlessly . this is a needed item if you want to print out trouble codes to take to mechanics and keep data on file about what ever scans you do on your vehicles . worth every penny .
 This software is just a link for the tool to communicate with the PC . That way you can print out the data gathered by the scan tool . Nothing more , nothing less . If you need more information , call AutoXray and they are pretty helpful . Remember , the AutoXray is a decent scanner , but costs about 75 % less than some tools with not much better performance . In the case of this CD , it does what it has to and works fine . One should not expect much more from it for the cost and the claims on the AutoXray website are quite honest about its capability.Regards , Darian Paganelli
 this assembly comes loaded with two bulbs . it saves you the time of finding/locating replacement bulbs . the unit fit neatly into the housing and worked out of the box . it comes with a single side mount screw but does not come with an upper mount screw . the sealing gasket and foam are of seemingly good quality and are a welcomed sight . well worth the price .
 Perfect fit for my mk2 ... cheapest I found it great deal . Alot sturdier than the cheaper APC pepboys ones and alot cheaper here than the autometer ones at pepboys .
 This filter meets ford 's specifications and will not disappoint . Buy your new clips to go with this . Does NOT include clips nor does it say it does.The main advantage over other filters is the stainless steel canister ! Other filters will rust away before the filter media is used up . This is dependant on your climate . I am using Quebec , Canada as my point of reference . -LRB- Long snowy winters with salt used on the roads -RRB- Otherwise the fittings are as expected and the media lasts long enough much more than the 12 month / 12k km warranty . I 'd estimated 25k km easy . This may vary if you get dirtier gas somehow .
 This fuel filter works like it should . The price is great too versus in-store prices . Installation was a breeze on my 2002 Mercury Sable . Make sure you buy some fuel line clips with this filter though so you do n't run into the same problem I did . The clips are plastic and will probably break when you take them off . Saves you a trip to the auto parts store and saves time .
 For as many years as i can remember , and now with my own vehicles , My family has always used valvoline oil . 220,000 + miles on a ford tempo , and I credit it to Valvoline . People may think that their is not much difference from oil to oil , but that is not true . Example , Pennzoil vrs Vavoline . Pennzoil has more of a parafin base , and every time i have attempted to use it in a vehicle , i notice that I hear the lifters more , i.e. meaning the oil is not circulating as well . With a switch back to Valvoline , within an oil change or two , resolves . Majorly noticable in the winter . Also , I just do n't like seeing chunks in my oil , and I have seen that when I changed out the Pennzoil . So , I make it a point now to buy Vavlvoline . With the price of oil going up , the price here on amazon is not to bad .
 Should have measured the mirror shell.Should have noticed my 1995 Ford Ranger had two different replacement mirrors from Fit System.Should have noticed my 1995 Ford Ranger mirror is n't shaped like this replacement mirror.It is a great product!Going to see how well the Amazon return system works .
 The previous reviewer -LRB- Tool Buyer `` Don '' -RRB- wrote an excellent description of this product 's flaws . Please read his review in addition to mine in order to get a more balanced view of this product.This unit has a double-seal , so if that the first one should somehow fail , the second one -LRB- a brass cap with a soft gasket -RRB- will maintain oil pressure , probably indefinitely but definitely until the next oil change.However , during the 6 years I used this , I never found so much as a single drop of oil in the brass cap , meaning that the main oil seal in this unit never leaked a drop.I would not buy other products which do n't have the redundant seal because valves can fail , and that 's the last thing you want to have happen to an oil pan plug!As far as the incomplete draining , my car 's pan drains incompletely anyway -LRB- even when it 's on a slope -RRB- so I end up changing the oil with cheap oil , running the engine for 5 to 10 minutes , then changing it again with the regular brand I use . . This flushes out all the old dirty oil . If you do that , then the incomplete drain issue should n't be a problem.For my purposes , there 's nothing better .
 Thought I 'd weigh in here on the Fram SureDrain . I have these on a 2006 Toyota Matrix and a 1992 Miata . I just ordered a third from Amazon for a 2007 Honda Fit . These have proved to be very reliable and easy to use . It greatly simplifies an oil change ; I simply drain directly into a used oil container . I look on the slow draining -LRB- 1.25 minutes/quart@180F according to Fram -RRB- as an advantage , as there is no splash , and I check over other things and change the oil filter as the oil is draining . Another review mentioned incomplete draining ; a lot of pans from the nature of their design will not drain completely anyway . Fram states in the tech . paper on their website that the drain valve was engineered to not protrude into the pan to help facilitate drainage . Secondly , a few ounces of used oil that remains in the pan is in no way harmful to your engine . There 's no point in obsessing over that small amount of oil ; either in there or not , oil analysis would show no difference . Just make sure that you drain your oil hot and immediately after a shutdown . The dirt goes with the old oil.Having had cars fitted with a Fumoto valve in the past -LRB- excellent quality product , just seemed more vulnerable to road damage than the Fram -RRB- and having tried vacuum extraction -LRB- does not work on all cars -RRB- , these are still my weapon of choice to simplify and `` de-mess '' an oil change .
 I highly recommend Suredrain . After 10 years of using this product on various autos , I 'm still loving it . This thing saves time , mess , and in the case of two of my Hondas , I never again have to replace the washers under the oil plugs ! You can use this IF your threads match and IF your oil drain hole is angled off the bottom of the oil pan -LRB- On my 2009 Civic the oil drain hole is completely horizontal at the lower rear of the oil pan . The smaller orifice of the Suredrain would retain an undesired amount of used oil in the pan -RRB- .
 I 've done a few oil changes with the Fram SureDrain already in place and have come to the conclusion that for the price it 's very good , but it has some minor flaws that may be an inconvenience for some.First of all lets look at the pros . It 's made of brass , it comes with a copper washer , it has a backup system if the valve fails , it 's also low cost . Now lets look at the cons . You need to screw on a plunger cap with an attached hose to open the valve , the oil takes awhile to drain if you do n't open the oil cap on top of your engine.Now , for me the pros far outweigh the cons . In my experience the slow oil draining issue can be easily remedied if you just open the oil filler cap on the top of your engine to release pressure from the draining oil . By doing this it allows the oil to drain much faster . As to the stiff hose , it would 've been better if the hose was made of soft silicone to allow it to flex while you screw the plunger cap on . That said , if you want to be creative you could probably buy a plastic valve to attach to the hose to allow more control over when you 're ready to start the draining process instead of letting the plunger initiate it .
 This Fram product sure makes changing oil a lot easier and eliminates the need for a new washer with each oil change ... could n't be happier with a product.None of the chain auto parts stores carry this Fram product . They 're nuts .
 FRAM SD2 SURE DRAINFRAM SD3 SURE DRAINFRAM SD1 SURE DRAINFRAM SD4 SURE DRAINAgree with both of the other two reviewers . I like it enough to be googling to find online since I can not find locally . Agree that tube is too stiff . I take off when screwing on brass piece which opens drain and then slip on tube , if I want . A nice piece of Tygon or other flexible tubing is always a replacement/upgrade option . Speed of drain is not an issue for me ; I 'm working on getting off the filter , anyway . Or rotating the tires or installing snowtires , depending on time of year . That not all oil is drained is a purist issue , in my opinion . Old oil being drained out today was good enough to be in engine yesterday ; having 1/8th of it left with 3.5 quarts of good new oil with a new filter is GOOD ENOUGH . DIY !
 I 've had this on my 2004 elantra since the first year I had the car . With a set of Rihno plastic ramps , oil changes are quick . I had no failures with it in 6 years , and it is still installed in my car.I 've noticed some people saying it drains slow , the flow will increase significantly if you remove the oil filler cap which vents the air out . Also I have some oil put on the orange tube before inserting into the valve so when you screw it onto the car the orange hose spins more freely without hindering the threading into the valve .
 As stated by other reviews , the oil will drain slower when you use a Fram Sure Drain . Also , I really do not like the quality of the hose attachment -LRB- if you turn too much while draining , it has a tendency to come off the fitting , despite having a hose clip . That bypasses the whole purpose of the hose to begin with -RRB- . With thoses short comings , I still like the Sure Drain . For one , I like that I do not have to replace crush rings at every oil change . -LRB- also you avoid possibly stipping the inner threads by over tightening -RRB- I had a Sure Drain on my older Mitsubishi -LRB- for over 5 years and 170k miles before trading it in -RRB- -RRB- and never had a drop of oil in the brass cover . The seal works and works well , period.I address the slow draining by setting the hose into the oil receptacle and walking away for at least 10 minutes . The brass fitting and cover are well made . When installed , you will not have any oil running down your arms any more .
 I ordered this because I lost the one I had before during a move . I love this product because it makes changing my oil so easy and clean . Yes , it does not drain nearly as fast as it would if you simply removed the drain plug , but who ca n't wait a few extra minutes right ? I 'm just surprised more DIY people do not use this product .
 I love this product . I get it for all my cars -LRB- and my kids cars -RRB- It makes changing the oil a breeze .
 Great product I use one on every car I own . It makes oil changes a lot cleaner
 I bought this system for my pick up truck a long time ago . It works perfectly . Yes you have to make sure you do not allow the hose to slip off the brass fitting . It 's never been a problem . I place the other end of the hose into a 2 gallon plastic gasoline can . No mess and I am already packaged to take to the recycle center . No oil splattering on pavement or parts of the vehicle . I 'm looking for one for my new motor home .
 I was thinking that if I stepped it up a notch -- got a better quality product , I would have a product that stayed on my seat better , but I am sewing extra elastic to the bottom so that hopefully the seat cover will stay put . The covers are well made and the fabric is good , but the straps do not hold the seat cover in place .
 I have been looking for a replacement mirror for a long time . The K-Source 90035 fit my 2000 Ford Ranger perfectly . It has been in place for about 4 months with no issue . If you need a replacement mirror for your vehicle these are the way to go .
 Just have a crack/scratch in your mirror ? Dont buy the entire thing . Just pop old one out -LRB- pull hard -RRB- break the glass out of the frame and double side sticky tape this right on . -LRB- comes with instructions -RRB- Cheap and easy fix . Its just slightly and I mean slightly a different fit -LRB- maybe a cm gap in one of the angles -RRB- but not noticable at all to anyone except me . Ive already forgot about it until I wrote this .
 good mirror fits either side comes with adhesive nn nn nn nn nn nn nn nn nn xx xxx xxx
 Shipping was fast . My son loves the Fox Racing Main Pro Goggles . The Riot Frame is a cool design and sturdy . He loves the tear off lens !
 Top quality ... excellent intake , very happy with the looks and performance , I will purchase for all future vehicles . Install is a piece of cake as well .
 Perfect size , perfect replacement for my car . Looks like same quality as my old one so I 'm happy with this purchase . The pressure rating marking says 20lbs so I 'm hoping that 's true . I have no plans of confirming that so I 'm just taking their word for it .
 I use the Motorcraft FD-4596 fuel filter elements in my Ford F-250 7.3 L PSD . I replace the filter elements every 15k miles . The engine has 293k miles and still runs strong . These are had for much less in our local Adv. Auto stores.You will have one of two fuel filter designs , so find out which one you have before you buy a replacement fuel filter ! Some engines have a separate -LRB- two piece -RRB- fuel filter element and separate fuel bowl lid , and some have a combined -LRB- one piece -RRB- fuel filter element and fuel bowl lid . This element does not include a lid and will only work if you have a separate lid . If someone installed a combined filter and threw out your lid , you can buy a replacement lid at the dealership.By the way , neither filter type will look like the picture of this product . The picture I see looks more like a metal fuel filter . The FD-4596 element actually looks like a black plastic cylinder with a white fiber screen all the way around . I 'll report this to Amazon so they can fix the product picture.If you need replacement instructions , go to the following page or find the page by searching the web for
 This charges the barbie jeep that we received as a hand me down with a missing charger . It does take over night to charge the battery up but I did n't want to pay the higher price for the faster charger . It works great , just takes some time . The only down side is that it does n't tell you when it is fully charged , you just have to guess . -LRB- no indicator light -RRB-
 Great product , delivered quickly and works just like advertised . I recommend this to anyone looking for a battery charger of this type .
 I purchesed this as a replacement Charger . The one i originally bought basically fell apart , but never really gave the batteries a good charge either . I purchased this as it was the cheapest one I could find and figured &#34; what the hell &#34; . The batteries for the Barbie Car now get a FULL charge , whereas before i dont think they were . they are lasting anywhere from 3-7 days before i need to switch out batteries . -LRB- we have 2 batteries -RRB- before i had to switch them out every day . The batteries are 2 years old . but the new charger has brought the life back to them .
 this was exactly what i ordered and it was brand new factory part . works great and ive had no problems .
 owned one in the past and loved it . When it died , just had to get another Love this steamer !!
 No problems using the new charger . The charger is new and charged the 12 volt battery for the jeep and worked great !
 I was very pleased with the product and service . I am looking forward to using this company again.This company is very reasonable .
 Nothing really special here . It charged the battery . Case closed . Now I 'm just writing enough words to publish the review .
 Works for Barbie Jeep Wrangler . very please and my daughter is one happy camper . now she plays with it all the time .
 I could not be happier with this charger . It was Inexpensive , it works perfectly , and it arrived quickly . I Love it !
 It works perfectly . Only thing is that it does n't tell you when its fully charged . Wish it did but it way less expensive than the one from Wally world .
 This charger works great and is compatible with the Power Wheels 12 volt battery . It charges it right up with ease .
 Item was to replace a hand down smart car , fits the yellow top battery . works well , but no indication when charging is complete . must follow manuel on how long to leave battery charging .
 It does what It 's supposed to do , It got here earlier than expected and the price was RIGHT , I love It !!!
 The i loves it and am very happy.This product was shipped fast and would not mind buying from again ... . thanks
 Exactly as ordered . After my dog chewed my original into , I had to replace it . No complaints . It outlasted the Barbie Jeep .
 Bought this to replace a broken one on my daughters Power Wheels Barbie Jammin Jeep . Works greats !! Arrived quickly ! Exactly like that original .
 The product was as advertised and arrived as scheduled . It suits the purpose for which it was ordered . Definitely would order again .
 This is exactly what I needed . I didnt have a charger for my childs powerwheel . It charged it right up and it did not take long to recieve it .
 We somehow lost the original charger when we moved so I went to Walmart to get a replacement . When I saw the price I decided to search online to get it cheaper . I was a bit skeptical that this would work since it was sooooo much cheaper than Walmart but I purchased it anyway . Glad I did because it works great ! The kids are glad I bought it too since they can use their 12v Ford Mustang again !
 Original charger & New.Happy Kids!Connecter
 This charger works great with our Barbie Jammin ' Jeep Wrangler . It had been sitting in the loft in our garage for 2 years and when I tried to sell it my kids had a fit . So , I ordered a new charger and they are having a blast with it again !!!
 It 's a 12 volt battery charger ... really what else is there to say ? It came as described and works perfect !
 I bought this as a replacement for the one I had and burnt out . I works just like the Original . Just plug it in and dont leave it plugged in when your done ...
 it worked great , it dose work on my barbie jeep for my daughter , i love this product hope you do to !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We had received a powerwheels but without the charger . Good thing we checked them out here on amazon because they go for about $ 50 at other stores . We got an excellent deal and now my 2 yr old is having a blast cruizin around the block !!!
 I only know one word to decribe this battery charger -- AWESOME !!! I love it so much that i wear it around my neck everywhere I go . When peopole ask me about it , I go on and on talking about the virtues of this wonferful charger !!
 Nothing fancy here , but it clearly works with the gray 12v battery for select models of Powerwheels toys , and the product description on the amazon site made it easy to identify which power supply was the correct one for the product I have .
 Best price I could have gotten for this product after my husband lost the original and we could not charge the batteries for my grandaughters power wheels car . The price in the stores was twice what I paid here for it .
 The charger was delivered ahead of the time promised and was significantly less expensive than if I had purchased it directly from the manufacturer . I would recommend this retailer to anyone and would use it again .
 This charger was easy to find on Amazon.com and it works very well . One minor gripe was that it does n't have an indicator showing that it 's charging the battery and when the charging is complete .
 This charge works on the 12V battery in the Barbie Jeep . Way cheaper on here than in the stores .
 Great product . I bought it for my little girl 's Barbie Jeep when the charger would not charge a brand new battery . It is identical to the one that came with the Jeep . Worked perfectly !
 WE FOUND THE POWER WHEEL LEFT AT A VACANT APARTMENT AND THOUGHT WHAT A GIFT FOR OUR GRANDSON . TO OUR DEMISE THERE WAS NO POWER CORD CHARGER . THANKS TO AMAZON TO THE RESCUE AGAIN . THANK YOU
 We purchased this charger for a old hot wheels cadillac that a friend gave to us . We also purchased a battery with it , and everything works as advertised .
 works great out of the package and it is as described in the description I would recommend this to anyone needing one
 This charger was something we 've been looking for a long time and it was not only great but it came with a great price as well
 Fast , great service . Not your fault that I found the one I had two days after receiving this charger . Will keep for an emergency . Thank you Hard to rate this as a toy . IT `` S A CHARGER
 We lost my daughters plug for her power wheels , this was the perfect replacement . Plugged right in and worked perfectly . S Huber
 I inherited a Power Wheels Jeep from a family member , however it was missing the charger . After looking around I found this was the most inexpensive one I could find . It seems to work well .
 We were given a PowerWheels ATV without battery or charger . Looked up the model number and found this item . Works great .
 Quality product , what I was most impressed with was their customer service . They answered any and all questions in a very courteous and professional way .
 We lost the charger that came with the Barbie jeep . This one matches perfectly . THANKS !!
 The charger is the original charger that came with the Barbie Jeep , not a junk knock off out of china . it has worked great now for a few weeks . The shipping was extra fast , I think we actually received it the next day . thanks again guys !!
 Great fit . Looks like OEM . Cheaper than replacing entire mirror . Would recommend to everyone who cracks a mirror and assembly is still intact .
 I just started to ride a quad and all my colors are pink , white and black . I have had many compliments on them , fit great , tint on lense is very good and I would n't hesitate to purchase another for a spare . Good quality product .
 a good product exceeded my expectations if I really recommend the product I wanted because I did not find in stores
 Love these goggles !! They are super comfortable and fit great ! I love the tint that is on them . They 're perfect
 The mirror works well and as designed . I am pleased with how easy it was to install . It is not quite the same as the original equipment but , for my old 1991 pickup , it looks and works just fine .
 Go to autozone and buy one for 13.99 I was buying them on here for $ 11 and change then someone got greedyI ordered 3 and they were taped together . The tape broke and I recieved the one with the Ups sticker . As far as amazon and Ups are concerned I got all three when 2 were lost due to careless animals in the shipping dept. I am very pleased with several amazon purches but must advise , Go elsewhere for this item !
 I have one of these on my Tacoma for the past 7 years and it 's FLAWLESS . Glad I could get one for my Jeep . Makes draining the oil through the skid plate simple . Solid brass construction , works great , and has stood the test of time . Too bad it seems they stopped making them ... Typical of Fram .
 This is the third one I have had due to selling vehicles and not transferring them . Makes changing your oil very easy and no worries about missing the drain pan with the included tube . Or you can take the tube off if you do n't want to mess with it or need more clearance for the drain pan . just make sure to re-install the cap on the drain pan when done . Very low profile compared to other drain `` valves '' available on the market . Not sure why Fram quit making these .
 It worked like a charm after I bent the mirror casing back to its original shape . It made driving my truck on the freeway a much more enjoyable experience .
 I obsess about the best car-finishing products . I used Zaino on my red Nissan for a couple of years and it was so easy & effective . When that ran out , I tried these Klasse `` twins '' . I thought about trying something else again , but after using it on my silver 2000 Frontier , I realized that Klasse is tough to beat.All-in One -LRB- red bottle -RRB- is easy to use , cleans and leaves a nice finish . It can be used alone.If you let the AIO dry real good , then top it with a VERY light film of the Super Gloss -LRB- silver bottle -RRB- , you get a great finish that gives long-lasting protection . I can wash dust & light dirt off my truck with one pass of the rinse & spot-free rinse wand at the coin-op . I 'm going to stick with Klasse.The Super Gloss -LRB- silver bottle -RRB- can be a little tricky to get off entirely . I read somewhere to wipe it off immediately after application . However , when I followed the bottle instructions and let it dry for over an hour , it came off more easily . The gloss is impressive , and it does last.The products for application are perfect for Klasse . Also , you use so little of the product , it will last a long time . 16 oz of SG will last me for years.For best results , though -LRB- with this and any other quality wax/sealant -RRB- you need a perfectly smooth finish . Using a clay bar will make Klasse or any other sealant look/work a lot better.All-In-One also makes an EXCELLENT cleaner/polish for counter tops , glass , chrome and any hard , smooth surface around the house . I put about 3 capfuls in 8 oz of water , and add a cap of rubbing alcohol -LRB- keeps it from getting moldy and helps cleaning -RRB- . Put it into a spray bottle -- will clean and leave an incredible , water-proof shine ! Spray , wipe , let dry to a haze , wipe again . Unbelievable .
 I will keep this short and sweet . Used the twins after a good wash and Mothers Clay bar , and all I can say is my 12 year old Integra gleams . Put a coat of DP MaxWax on top and boom shine like never before . Two thumbs up for the Klasse twins worth the time and money for sure .
 Used this product on my painted rims before I put them on . I literally spray my wheels with water and wipe off with a soapy towel . Rinse them and dry . I 'm going to try it on my car soon . This product does what it says . I would recommend to anyone enthusiastic about keeping their car looking like they just drove it off the lot .
 I have always used over the counter polishes , and I suppose they did an adequate job . After getting a newer vehicle , I wanted to try some higher-end products . The Klasse products went on relatively easy , and I can tell a difference both by feel and sight . I also used it on an older vehicle after first using a silicone rubbing compound . I clay barred both , and picked up a good bit of grime . I do n't plan on doing that every time , but I wanted the best foundation I could the first time . I have also adopted the two-bucket method of washing -LRB- one for a good soap - not dishwashing liquid , and one for rinsing -RRB- , from top down . If you 're willing to invest a little more time and effort , the final outcome is worth it . Also , I wanted to mention that the vendor , Palm Beach , was very helpful in re-routing my order so I could get my package by the weekend .
 I have never seen a car polish product with this kind of fantastic result.The process is extremely easy . Just make sure your vehicle is as clean as you can possibly get it , then apply the product according to the manufacture 's instructions . It is VERY easy to do . I first used it on my wife 's 97 Lexus.It looks better than new , I kid you not . It has been several weeks and I still ca n't get over the shine . You have to try this product ! I am not affiliated with this company in any way other than being a very satisfied customer .
 I have used this Kit for over a year now . I can say this stuff really does last a long time ! It keeps the car shiny all winter if you apply it before the first deep freeze . It will let snow and ice slide right off the car 's surface . It also protects against bird droppings and makes them easier to clean.The application was easy to do , I recommend a clay bar prior to application to really give your car a smooth finish .
 This really is the best car polish you can get , but be careful . If you are like me and tend to put stuff on the roof or hood of your car while getting other stuff out , you may find your items on the ground . Everything slides right off after using Klasse . This includes snow , which is a major plus in my neck of the woods .
 Have been using Klasse for years . This kit comes with everything you need to &#34; Klasse &#34; your car one time including instructions on how.I ca n't recommend this product enough . It is a great alternative to waxing your car that gives the car a much more durable finish that lasts 6 months or more depending on the climate your car is exposed to .
 Very much needed . excellent products for fuel filtering . these are one of the best for the cartridge style filters .
 Great price . Fits perfectly . Wish the end caps were a little higher quality material than the paper type stuff . When I replaced my old identical fram filter those old paper ends were in pretty bad shape . But I went well beyond the recommended change interval .
 Used for brake ducting on a race car , no issues easy to bend an maneuver , even used to duct air to the intake , highly recommended . Very sturdy constriction with the metal ribs .
 It fits and does what its supposed to do . It looks like it should hold up as well as the original .
 I 've got one of these from somewhere as a gift . This thing works great ! I live in the South so usually its not much more than a little frost but its pretty wide and certainly NOT flimsy . Its got a decent sized handle and scrapes off everything . I 've got a garage now so I do n't need it !!
 The ice scraper works well , at a good price . The color not important . Get it now , nice add on item .
 I live in GA , so I do n't need it very often . Perfect size to keep in my car for a frosty morning .
 This is a pretty straight forward ice scraper . There is nothing special about it but it seems to be very durable so if you are looking for a cheap but effective ice scraper , this is the one for you .
 To be honest , I do n't know if these things could be messed up . It works perfectly . Of course , I do n't live in a place where I use it frequently but sure is nice to have when I do need it .
 Good Basic Scraper Good value for the money spent .
 This sunshade is amazing , it really does keep your car cooler . We live in New Mexico and have had 100 + temperatures here and it is great ! Only complaint is that it is an awkward shape so hard to fold up and get out of the way .
 The price and shipping were great.I drive a Dodge Ram diesel . The engine is equipped with a fuel water separator . I have found that the Fram filter works the same as the Dodge filter . More than once I have picked up a dirty tank of fuel . The smaller truck stops are the source of the problems . Always change the filter on a regular schedule because the high pressure fuel pump depends on an unrestricted supply of fuel for lubrication . Without the required supply of fuel , damage will be done . A replacement fuel pump will cost a little more than $ 2400.00 . Therefore the ten minutes and $ 15.00 is worth it .
 I use the HD-Cleanse on my black Audi before every wax . The cleaner takes everything off of the car and leaves a great shine . Here 's an article on how to apply it . -LSB- . . -RSB-
 The product resolved my problem . I have a gpl car and the original coil did n't work well . Engine ligth was always on . Now all the engine problems have disappeared and it works in regular way .
 Hello , the product i bought from amazon is amazing.It is in good condition and does the job.Amazing price.This was the best price i could ever have.Regards , Dimitris
 If you have a big Harley bagger like mine with an otherwise stock engine , these cams are your ticket . The 21 grind has the lowest RPM punch of any cam Andrews makes . The `` N '' series allows you to use a new style cam plate and oil pump on an older -LRB- 99-05 -RRB- twin cam motor , and you end up getting away from those problematic spring loaded chain tensioners . I have had these cams in about a year and a half now and all I have to say about them is good .
 This product worked like a charm . Saved lots of money getting it this way . If your air bag light is on this is not a bad place to start .
 Very good , I like it very much , the quality of goods is very good , is to my liking ! I 'll come back !
 If you got a Toyota Corolla 2004 and have a broken tail light , also want to save some money . This 's the product to get
 This Bosch oxygen sensor was an exact fit replacement . Item came with clips attached to secure wire just as the original equipment had . Will buy and use Bosch products in the future .
 Great price , product arrived on-time as expected . The part was packaged well and worked exactly as it was offered . Ca n't ask for more - A1 . Thanks .
 This item is plastic except for the mount which is metal . However , it was easy to install and has been on my truck for a year now with no problems . Inexpensive and it works great ! Quick delivery .
 I chose this rating because of price and the easy installation of the light.I would reccommend this for anyone tring to buy fog lights . I am very satisfied .
 It mea n't my expectations and very satisfied.The light was very easy to install and I would reccommend thisto any one looking for these fog lights
 Dealership wants to charge 400 + dollars to install a new windshield wiper motor . Installation was a breeze , 8 screws and 3 bolts holding everything together . Save $ 400 , do it yourself . My installation was on a TJ Jeep Wrangler . Works great , little louder than the old motor though .
 Works as advertised , takes the pressure off your knees because its much easier to maintain good contact with the bike .
 I bought two of these and both of them work great and are very bright ! The only con is their price but they are definitely worth it .
 Price , delivery and quality of the ordered item were very good and as advertized .
 The Optima batteries were everything I expected and so much more . The battery life is exceptional and charge time is minimal . The packaging protected the batteries allowing zero shipping damage . I use two D31M batteries with a Digital Motorguide 82lb thrust trolling motor on an aluminum 17ft boat with an Evinrude 40hp motor . Not light weight . I fish mostly trolling motor only lakes and the batteries have not so far , given any power loss noticeable to me even after 10 hours of fishing . I am very satisfied . I have used these batteries for a minimum of 18 fishing trips.I am very pleased .
 This dual purpose marine battery rocks . I have it in my truck , and its rated for starting and deep cycling , and has more vibration resistance than a yellow top , and fits the battery tray of my 1st gen cummins dodge perfectly . The extra threaded lugs on top make it easy to connect junk to it without using the main battery lugs . I have a permanent mount float charger that I plug in with the block heater in the winter that I hook to those .
 I have three of these batteries for my RV 's and they all work great . Keep them properly maintained with aNOCO GEN3 NOCO Genius Black 12-36V 3-Bank 30A On-Board Battery Chargerand these batteries will keep working like new . No complaints at all !
 Outstanding Battery & Performance ! Have owned for years . Optima blue top marine/deepcycle battery.The group 31 is the most powerful , with the highest amp hour rating . The best battery with an immensely long life . The key to long life is using a marine deep cycle battery charger , 10-12 amps , tops . Keep it charged and store it properly . I have had one of these last 7 years now ... and it is still going strong . I use it for Cpap machine when camping and other uses too . No water to add ever , no leakage possible . Is a AGM -LRB- Absorbed Glass Mat Battery -RRB- Highly recommended !
 I love this battery!This is used as part of my back-up power system for my ham radio system , and I could not be more pleased with it.A bit on the heavy side , but it 's sealed wonderfully .
 Great battery ! AGM 's are the best , lights dont even dim when I start the boat . Impressive.Thanks
 This battery is the best I have found for my boating use . It maintains a charge through the long winter months of no use . It has a slow discharge rate which gives me hours of use with my trolling motors on the boat . It is much safer than a lead acid battery when installed in closed spaces . It has never failed to start my Evinrude outboard . I would recomend this battery for all boating needs . Amazon had the lowest price at the time of my puchase .
 very heavy battery solid built , does the job so far and seams to charge well on my system , i do wish it had the tie down holes at the base but is fine
 Use these batteries on my boat alot for night fishing . Have been amazed how long they will provide power for lights , power anchor winches and other electronics between charges . Best batteries I have ever owned . Would n't have any other . A little pricey at first , but well worth the price . Also use this battery for my starting battery , it has never failed . Highly recommended for best performance .
 Ours came severely cracked , presumably because it weighs 60 lbs . and was dropped during shipment . It shoould have been shipped with far more padding around it . We 'll use it anyway because it seems to work , is n't leaking battery acid and want to get on with life , but I 'd advise people to buy this battery in person , at an actual retail outlet , if possible . I gave it 4 stars because it 's a great battery , though not too durable given it 's weight .
 I order two Optima batteries and was disappointed that Amazon shipped an older battery . There was an expired coupon from 2010 attached to one of the batteries and the voltage was low . As the two batteries will be connected together for a 24V trolling motor , it will be hard to tell if this will make a difference in the service life of the battery . I installed an Optima D31M as a starting battery in the spring of 2010 . It did work as excepted and powered the boat 's electronics and live well .
 I decided to step up to an Optima battery in my 2006 wakesurfing boat this year ... never really had an issue with the stock battery , but I wanted to ensure that there would never be an issue , plus I just installed a Perko battery switch to allow me to dedicate as much power as possible to my boat 's stereo ! We normally shut down and float with tunes for hours , and the last thing you need to have happen is A -RRB- get stuck without a battery , and B -RRB- get stuck on the water without tunes!The battery came 85 % charged and I put it on the slow trickle charge and it was fully charged within 15 minutes , so I 'm ready for the water ! Now ... if it will only stop raining here in Vermont to get out and enjoy the lake !
 I use this battery in my Truck and have had no problems with it yet , I also use a small trickle chargerNOCO Genius G750 6V/12V 750mA Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintainer -LRB- Grey -RRB- though on all my vehicles and it will extend the life of these batteries for sure .
 I have read a lot of the reviews here , but I have never had any issue with my optima batteries . I do however recommend to anyone who buys one to keep it properly maintained and desulfated using a smart charger .
 This battery has power to spare . Works very well and lasts a long time great for the boater.I would recommend to anyone needing a good battery on the water .
 I travel with my RV and need to be able to dry camp at some of thew places I have visited this battery as provided the power I needed for both lights and to power my heater and fridge . I have also used it to jump start my farm equipment when the need presents itself . For thoses with a boat it makes a great battery for starting the engine and for trolling .
 I have had these batteries for more than one year . These batteries are very powerfull . With two of these , I have run the RV furnace -LRB- re
 I 'm very happy with this Blue Top Optima Marine Battery . I thought the price was okayand I was happy with the way it was shipped
 I recently had 2 duralast marine batteries -LRB- 700 cca -RRB- on my boat , And needed my battery switch on both to start my engine -LRB- yamaha f115 -RRB- . I now only need 1 optimax group 31 and my engine starts without hesitation , Even after using my electronics all day . I even bought another group 27 optimax battery to keep on the boat for emergency but have not ever needed it .
 Yes , these batteries are expensive . But , you get what you paid for . The two I recently purchased replaced the two Optimas I owned previously . Those batteries lasted a full 6 SEASONS for my Motorguide 82 trolling motor . And here in NJ , we fish predominantly on trolling motor only lakes , where you beat up your batteries.Try these , you will like them !
 I installed 2 Optima Red Top batteries in a 2000 Dodge Diesel Truck in 2002 to as replacements for the factory batteries which had failed . 9 years later , and 110K miles through Colorado / California / Massachusetts weather extremes 30 + jump starts rescuing others and much hard off-road use they have never failed -LRB- even at repeated 30below starts -RRB- and test as good as new . Completely worth the price.I do not put extreme load on them -LRB- like winching -RRB- . I did repeatedly expose the batteries to months without starting or charging without disconnecting them ; no concerns or degradation in performance and no-need to charge them prior ; just turn the ignition and go .
 I have used this type battery 3 times in the past 10 years and they are still working great . One of these batteries was in storage for about 6 months , and kept its charge , without hurting the battery . I decided to purchase 5 more of these batteries for a power supply , and they are working great . Two day delivery , good price , no shipping charge .
 This battery holds plenty of charge . Ive had them 2 years now . I cant give them a 5 star until I see how long they last .
 Have 3 optima batteries great battery . I have one on my cranking system -LRB- everything except the trolling motor -RRB- ran 2 HDS 10 's -LRB- one with Structure Scan -RRB- and a AM/FM radio , live well w/timer , nav lights , for 8 hours and still had enough battery to start my boat -LRB- Mercury 90 HPS -RRB- . The batteries did n't work so well when I installed a ProMariner Pro Tournament 300 . Went back to Pro Charging Systems -LRB- Quad Pro - Four 15 AMP Banks -RRB- . With this combination I never have to worry about the batteriers not getting charged . Fish trolling motor lakes and the Minnkota 101 36 volt can go 10 hours and still has plenty to get me back to the ramp . I would recommend this to some one and I will buy another one in the next year or so , waiting for the last battery -LRB- Ever Start -RRB- to kick the bucket .
 We added this AGM to our TT as a second battery , and I kick myself for not either -LRB- 1 -RRB- buying it sooner , or -LRB- 2 -RRB- buying two of them at the same time , I remember seeing about people having shipping problems , but mine was a-ok and is performing like a champ . Thank you Optima !
 Good battery , but Amazon does n't know how to ship these!I purchased two of these batteries from Amazon , but they ended up shipping me a total of five due to shipping damage caused by inadequate shipping materials . This 60lb battery was typically shipped with zero protection , just the cardboard box . The ` large plastic bubbles ' you see in lots of Amazon packages was used once , but not surprisingly , they popped and were deflated by the time the battery arrived . Brown paper was used a couple times ... it was flattened easily and offered zero protection . Twice , styrofoam end caps were used -LRB- only one piece per box -RRB- , though it was a styrofoam piece designed for a smaller battery ... this worked enough for me to accept the products at least . Of the five shipments , the three ` rejects ' had cracked plastic at the bottom of the cells ... the first , I did n't notice until charging and a little acid leaked out . Once I knew what to look for , it was easy to spot . Amazon was very cooperative with the returns , but it was such a waste to see three of these batteries head straight to recycling when a little care and intelligence could have prevented that.If you 're feeling lucky and you order one of these , be sure to check the plastic very carefully for cracks -LRB- it 'll be easy to spot if you 're looking for it -RRB- ! Pay special attention to the plastic at the bottom of each cell .
 this is a great battery , very pleased with it . It is very heavy , but you ca n't have everything you want
 I installed a pair of these into my RV . The RV will sit for weeks in storage so having a battery design that will keep a charge is important .
 I use four of these on a boat and can sit for hours and hours without having to worry about a dead battery . I do recommend using a battery tender if they are going to sit for extended periods of time without use .
 I bought this for the camper battery on our pop up . Tested it new , right out of the box and it cranked 1,123 amps instead of it rated 900 ... ! So far so good , I have been using Optima batteries for over 10 years , Including one that 's 8 years old and still does it 's rated output . If you need this much reserve , you ca n't go too far wrong with this battery . Amazon got it to me quick and free , although it arrived in a destroyed box , The battery was fine inside .
 these batteries are simply the best on the market . would n't have it any other way . i use these in my rv with hours of use . best value on the web !
 I bought my current boat in 2010 and it came with two of these batteries . They date to 2006 . They sat unused and without a maintainer much of the time since I bought the boat from a Northern state where it was pulled out of the water in the winter . Today in late 2012 they are still strong and are maintained by a shore-powered intelligent Schumacher dual 10A charger . Though they are `` deep cycle '' I use them only as starting batteries since the boat has a genset anyway and each has no problem individually cranking a 350ci marine small block V8 . In the hot climate where I live , standard lead-acid batteries seem to have a shorter lifespan . If deep cycle batteries generally give up a little maximum cranking amperage for more durability that seems like a big plus in a hot climate.Additionally , I have a yellow-top Optima battery in a car that only gets driven 500-1000 miles/yr . Although it 's always in my garage , I do n't keep a maintainer on it because I drive it year-round but only for enjoyment . This battery too dates back to 2006 and is still going strong in late 2012 . In terms of amp-hour capacity for a given group size , Optima batteries do not claim as much total capacity as standard wet-cell batteries . This may be as simple as the fact that the six spiral cells leave empty space around them whereas a standard battery is all battery . They are rated for higher cranking amperage than standard batteries probably because they are made with materials that give them lower internal resistance.I ca n't say whether present production is the same quality as what Optima was producing 5-6 years ago , but mine have been great .
 Was looking for a battery to manage a 1200 watt inverter primarily to run a 800 watt coffee maker.This battery when properly hooked-up ran the inverter and appliance without any problems .
 These are the best batteries on the market . I have four of them in my bass boat , three for the 36volt troll motor and one for the starter/house battery . I just replaced the first set after six years of use . This boat travels long distances and fishes many tournaments and fun fishing days . My Champion boat has a four bank professional level charger that gets plugged in as soon as possible . I ca n't over estimate the importance of using the right charger and using it correctly . These batteries have outlasted all the others I 've tried over the years - three times longer than flooded cells . They have outlasted other glass mat types/brands by a year or two . I also outfitted my big offshore boat with eight of these - it 's quite an investment but in the long run it 's way cheaper and more reliable .
 Wonderful battery , came fully charged and ready to use . Installed inmy boat and powered the main motor and all the accessories . Used the boat for a week at the lake without any power issues .
 The Optima batteries carry a price premium because of their design , however their long life and ability to work in any orientation and in rough environments is what you are buying . Additionally , you do not need to worry about acid spilling out like you would with traidtional deep cycle marine batteries . Cost , however , is substantially higher.I ordered mine through amazon and it was shipped ground from their fullfulment center in Sacramento nearest to me in the bay area which meant it arrived overnight . I was a little disappointed at first getting ground service as a prime member , but overnight beats 2 days and their fullfillment centers are across the usa so chances are you will get yours in 1-2 days by ground ups.I have used Optima batteries since I killed my first battery in my H1 humvee offroad in Alaska doing 60 MPH over rock roads from the Yukon territories to Alaska . Ordinary car batteries just do n't do well to the vibrations the H1 hummer can produce . Additionally when offroading , the H1 may tip up to 40 degrees on sideslope which will spill the acid out of a normal car battery while the optima does not loose any acid or liquid at all.You * MUST * match the color code of the optima battery with YOUR intended purpose as follows : BLUE -LRB- this one -RRB- - DEEP CYCLE applications - RV 's , inverters , UPS systems basically applications where you plan to drain the battery dry every time then recharge it pretty soon afterwards.YELLOW -LRB- what I use in the H1 Hummer engine -RRB- - Has both deep cycle ability and engine starting ability . If you drain a NORMAL engine starting battery dead you take between 5-10 percent of its life away right there . The Yellow Optima batteries can take deep discarge running lights and accessories with the engine off and still start the engine then recharge from the alternator provided they are not totally dead . NOTE
 Optima batteries are one of the best on the market . I am very impressed by their longevity and high power delivery . I have had a yellow top Optima in my 4wd truck for 9 years now and it is as strong as the day I installed it . Other great features of Optima batteries are the facts that you never have to add water , they can be mounted in most any position and the terminals never corrode.This purchase was a second blue top D31M . I use two of these batteries in parallel to power a 2000 watt inverter . I tested it by placing a 1500 watt load on the inverter which drew 137.5 amps from the two batteries in parallel . They were able to sustain this load for 27 minutes . That is like cranking a 6 cylinder engine for half an hour . I previously used marine deep-cycle flooded-cell batteries for my inverter but they would only last about two years and I constantly had to check and add water as well as clean corrosion from the terminals . The bottom line is even though you pay more initially to buy an Optima battery the long life and power delivery quality actually make it cheaper than other batteries when you divide the cost by the number of years of service .
 I really wonder if some reviewers here actually read Optima 's FAQ.Optima clearly states that a deeply discharged battery may appear -LRB- even to `` techs '' -RRB- as defective and explains how to charge such battery.Also , ANY lead acid battery is subject to sulfation if stored at low charge . Desulfating chargers work and do n't cost that much .
 Although this IS a great battery , it ONLY has an 18 month free replacement warranty with an additional 18 month `` pro-rated '' warranty period that drops off quite dramatically . -LRB- I.E. after 27 months I ONLY got $ 50 credit towards a new battery !! -RRB- For a battery with this kind of premium price , I would expect it to have a longer replacement warranty.Also I had a hard time finding a dealer to replace it . All -LRB- including optima customer service -RRB- told me to take it back to the selling dealer . I had to get the area rep involed . A lot of hassel !
 I work in a shop pulling tires every day and so my impact guns get a lot of use and abuse . I have had other brands before and none of them work as well as the IR impacts . This is model is cost effective yet powerful . I have bought some of their Titanium models in the past that are considerably more expensive and I like this one just as much .
 This is a great tool - extended anvil allows 50 more torque compare to the non-extended anvil 2130 . This is light and powerful however the extended anvil sometimes gets in the way . I use it as a backup impact wrench - my main one is IR power force . It is older , but I think it was better built compare to the new ones made in China .
 I had bought a chrome pipe end fitting last year , but it did n't take long for it to start rusting , so I went on Amazon and found a Gibson Stainless Steel tip , and it looks terrific in my Mazda 5 car , and being SS it will never rust.Gibson 500370 Polished Stainless Steel Exhaust TipAgain you can depend on Amazon if you want the best !!
 I just received and installed these replacement floor mats today in my 2004 Ford Escape XLT . They are molded to fit the floor of the vehicle and both the color and fit are spot-on perfect . These look like they will perform much better than the ones I received from the dealer . Being made of stiffer material than the OEM floor mats , they do n't move around under my feet as much and appear to be more resistant to rolling up at the edges when compared to the originals . The fit is better than the originals , too . Also , they have a raised lip around the perimeter and appear as though they will do a good job of trapping rain water , dirt , and melting snow . I 'm looking forward to giving them a workout .
 Nice mats but the little hooks to keep it still are a little weak and make a hole in the oem carpet . Nice mats though .
 Bought this as a gift for my Mom and she absolutely loves it !! It looks really sharp on the silver/grey vehicle , -LRB- hatchback -RRB- , that she drives . It is on the trunk above the keyhole and has held on without rolling-up -LRB- which I was afraid it would do -RRB- . We put clearcoat over top of it . It was relatively easy to apply .
 I received the product quickly and was packaged so it would not bend . The colors are bright and the butterflies are detailed beautifully
 It fits very nice on my car window . Love the size and style that it gives . yada yada
 Got this for a pre-war LaSalle v8 and also replaced the points ignition . When I was tuning the car after install , I was hooking up inductive timing light and got a good shock just from being near the plug wire and leaning on car ! Never had that with the old coil , so I can tell you this really does have more output.One thing is that this coil does run warm , while not exactly throwing flames - it will be hot to touch as its working . Epoxy filled should work great in this upside down application and any application . Does not come with a mount , which I had to buy as the original was welded on the coil .
 Always worry about these types of product getting messed up in transport.Shipped in a box and were perfect.Used them on my Cornhole boards to ad some great graphics.Clearcoated over them with no problem and after a season they still look like new !
 I was extremely pleased with both the appearance and how quickly I had received my order.It looks exactly as I had hoped it would.It looks really cool on my racing machine .
 Put this on my '13 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited after not liking the one that came with my Dynomax VT cat-back . I love the look , it quieted down the exhaust since it redirected the noise downward rather than towards the rear of the bumper . This tip is branded , meaning it has `` Gibson '' imprinted into the tip outlet .
 Ordered this immediately after learning the Delphi equivalent does not work properly on my C5 corvette . This arrived quickly and and went right on the car with no problems -LRB- center of the sensor turned counter-clockwise with the TB plate , as it should . -RRB- Lesson I learned here is cough up the extra $ 15 for a better product unless you want to go through the return and re-order hassles .
 The Park Smart Mats work , that is if your 're a good aim . Really these mats need to be about twice as wide . The mats are about a foot wide and as you are pulling up to them you can not see them because the hood of your vehicle blocks your view . Consequently , if you 're not lined up perfectly you 'll drive right past them . That being said , they 're still the best non-electronic item on the market for stoping your car where you want it .
 This is an awesome invention ! We park both cars in the garage and it is a tight fit all the way around . With these parking mats , we always know if we are just in the right spot ! I highly recommend them .
 Love these . Use one for each car in the garage . The only problem is that they move easily , so backing off the mat can push it forward . I tend to pull up until I feel the first bump on the mat , then stop , and do not pull forward fully onto the mat . It works fine that way . Happy with the product , overall .
 Finally our parking problems are solved . I can now get around both cars in the garage with ease because they are always parked in the optimal position . I had to screw mine into the concrete so they did n't keep moving around when you turn the wheel or accidentaly kick it with your feet . So give that a try . Also , I wish it came in gray to match the concrete floor . I really do n't like bright yellow , and frankly it 's unnecessary to see where it is .
 Overall , I am satisfied . So far I have not experienced creep , but I move my car into position very very slowly , so that may help.My one suggestion is that it could be wider . It is easy to slide by if I am just a little off line.I have yet to try it on my boat trailer , so that will have to be covered later .
 These look great on the rear window of my new blue truck . I purchased both the left and right facing dragons . They seem to stick well .
 These mats cover the ENTIRE floor . The original mats in my jeep were small strips that left a lot of carpet are uncovered . These mats cover the entire area and looks like factory original . I would definitely recommend these to others . The only negative , and this is small , is the covers for the floor anchors . The anchors have a screw head type top that shows on top of the mats . The covers snap on . You will loose them . Not a big deal , just a minor quip .
 Love this truck Hitch !! Great Quality , good long lasting colors and has done well in the weather ! Would buy it again and again !
 I bought this bulb to replace one of the fog lights on my 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT . It 's about the same brightness as the stock bulb , maybe a tad brighter . I ca n't yet speak to the durability , though the previous bulbs I 've purchased have lasted around 2 years . As always , Amazon 's price beat the local auto parts stores .
 I purchased this through Amazon as it was advertised as much cheaper than TWO of the local auto parts stores ; one store was charging almost double the Amazon price ! The bulb blister pack arrived in the usual Amazon box and packing but the blister pack was open and the bulb had fallen out and was bouncing around inside the box . It would appear that either the package had been previously opened or it had more than a rough ride getting to me - enough to seperate the blister plastic from the cardboard backing ? I installed the bulb and although it works I am watching it long term to see if it 's `` life '' has been shortened .
 It works exactly as advertised just remember to keep the window rolled up for about 24 hours for it to stick
 There is only one caveat . Please read the instructions carefully , follow them explicity and instal it with 2 people . Keep the sticky tape pushed away from that side of the window channel until it is completely in the correct place.After all that it fits in the window channel so perfectly that it looks like a factory application . And it does its job just fine.It 's now one year since we installed this and it continues to perform just fine . I would add that I have noticed other vehicles where the vent is glued to the outside of the door rather than fitting in the window channel like this one . This looks neater and more professional . We 're very happy with this .
 It looks funny in the ad BUT it works great and gives a clear digital number of the pressure + I liked the bright colors so they do n't get out of sight .
 Small but reliable . It helps me to save gas and tires . Thanks for it !
 I ordered this because I was tired of using the manual tire gauge that I had . I like this digital model because it saves me a lot of time when using the air machine at the gas station . I would definitely recommend this product !
 it does look and certainly have a feeling of cheapness ... but that aside , it works well , right on the money . easy to use , bright colors easy to find . the price is about right , no real bargain at less than 6 each . but nice as a stuffer to get the price to free shipping terms . i have 2 different models and feel the same toward each . no regrets .
 This tire gauge is simple to use , very compact and I like that it 's available in several bright colors . It makes it so much easier to find in the glove compartment .
 I use it all the time . It is small , easy to store , and accurate . If I lose this one , I will definitely buy a similar one . No air leaks on testing tip at all .
 Considering our tire pressure deserves monitoring I like this keychain . Gives me a good reason to keep on top of this very important task .
 I purchased this for my sister . Appears to be the exact same thing as the black one except in hot pink . It works great and gives very accurate pressure readings . Long term power and relibility remain to be seen .
 Works perfectly for two months already , I am glad I bought , I compared it with different gauges -LRB- more unprofessional -RRB- and it seems very accurate
 I bought this for my husband who is going to school to be an auto technician . He loves it and I got it at a great price through Amazon .
 Just Got out of Auto School N Ofcourse Needed an impact Gun Very Happy Great Gut Quality Perfect better than Paying Intrestin in The Tool Trucks
 Very nice tool , small and light weight . Just right for home use , plenty of power .
 Bought this to replace a Craftman impact wrench -LRB- cheapy that came with compressor -RRB- that no longer was able to remove highly torqued lug nuts . Saw the good reviews and decided to give this wrench a try . So far I have not been disappointed .
 Bought this product as a guy who likes having one of everything tool-wise . The gun is built very nicely compared to most other products . The power is adequate for the price range . The tool boot , which is basically a rubber sock for the body of the tool protects it nicely . The only negative is I would 've liked to seen more documentation in the box with the wrench . Having never owned one personally before , and only using impacts that were owned and maintained by my company or a friend , I was n't exactly sure of the required preventative maintainence needed .
 Worked part time at a garage doing all your typical jobs so I have used an impact a lot ! Garage workers really liked their Ingersoll Titanium impacts but i could n't justify paying that much for a tool I am only gon na use at home a few times a year but I knew I wanted something with a composite body . Composite tools are so much lighter and more comfortable to use . workers at the garage said to definitely go with an Ingersoll so after shopping around I came across this . Have used it many times now and am impressed with the power and comfort . As comfortable as the Titanium line , not as powerful but still more then sufficient . I used this to zip off the nut holding the pit man arm on while working on a 95 Chevy half ton and also used it to drive the puller . If you 've done that kind of job you know that it often requires a torch . Also I live in Wisconsin so rust can be an issue . The power select switch is not as nice as the Titanium line but its not terrible either . All around Great Impact !
 I bought this wrench after briefly owning a Harbor Frieght knockoff of an IR 231 . The HF worked for everything I tried it on except the crankshaft pulley bolt on my Camry . I had a shop loosen the bolt with their Mac Tools wrench , then decided to return the HF . I later bought this wrench , expecting better performance than the HF , but it seems about the same . It failed to remove the bolts for the front exhaust pipe on the Camry . I had to remove them with a breaker bar , and was surprised that they were n't on that tight , maybe 90-100 lb-ft or so . The IR wrench should have spun them off . Compressor pumps 5.6 cfm at 90 psi , which is supposed to be enough . This IR has worked fine for wheel lugs and other miscellaneous nuts and bolts ; I just have n't been able to see any noticible difference over the HF .
 this impact wrench cut my work time in half when doing brakes on my one car . I own 3 vehicles and this tool has already paid for itself in what I did not spend letting someone else do my brakes . Matched to my compressor , this waqs one wise investment .
 Ingersoll-Rand makes quality products that are affordable . I like to save money by rotating my own tires and doing my own brakes . This Impact wrench has succedded in loosening every bolt I have tested it on . You need to have a compressor but this set up is the gift that keeps giving , saving money and time .
 This is a well built impact wrench that I have been using on my car projects . It removes lug nuts from my 3/4 ton pick up without a sweat . It is heavy , but that is what you should expect from a `` Heavy-Duty '' tool . My only complaint is that impact sockets seem to be difficult to remove when changing sockets . Instead of the ball and spring that holds on the socket , there is a kind of heavy wire wrapped around the anvil that holds the socket on . Maybe with more use it will break-in and loosen up a bit , but right now it does n't want to let go of a socket without a struggle.So far I 'm happy with the wrench and it sure makes life easier when removing nuts from old vehicles .
 great tool at a great price works well on the jobs i use it on
 Item was delivered on time and arrived in good condition . The wrench works very well and was an excellent value
 impact wrench has plenty of power , light weight and relatively quiet . for the price you wont find a better deal in my opinion . been wrenching for over 30 years and own several IR productsall have given many many years of service .
 I hoped this gun would be stronger than it is , but it is about on par with my 18 year old Craftsman impact . Still it is nice and warmer on the hands in the cold weather than my old chrome plated gun .
 I love this gun it is light weight and has tremendous power . This is a must for any mechanic and shop worker . I have had many of impact guns and they are usually real heavy or they do n't have the ass this gun has . . You get light weight and torque . . I highly reccommend this product
 Used daily at auto dealership . Easy operation and plenty of torque for almost everything . Only been a couple times where there was n't enough power these cases usually needed a breaker bar with a long lever .
 Yes there are better impacts out there ; however when I bought this one I bought it for home use on automobile tire rotations , this gun match my air compressors output and worked flawless , since then I started a new job in an industrial setting , I took this gun to my new job and was very impressed with the items it was able to remove , i mean i put the test to it . It did n't have enough oomph for Semi tractor trailer lugs , but for the lighter stuff it was perfect , light weight non fatiguing , and small enough to get into tight areas . Since then I have moved up to the 2135TI and am using this as a back up , and will eventually bring back home for the garage and auto use .
 This is one excellent air impact wrench . Worth a lot more than the cost . I had earlier purchased a cheap $ 35 impact wrench -LRB- see that review -RRB- and it was gone after just one heavy use . Lost most power and was usless . This Ingersoll-Rand air wrench is the best one I have ever owned . I have owned about 6 in the last 20 years . Trigger touch control is perfect . You can set the power of the wrench on full and still have touch control so you do n't over drive the bolt or nut . Best touch ever with excellent strength when you need it . It may sound stupid to you , but I smile every time I use this thing . It is that good and saves so much time over hand wrenches on 3/8 as well as 1/2 inch drive sockets . Just use the 1/2 to 3/8 drive reducer and go to it . Could n't be happier with this wrench .
 I bought this tool about a year ago , it has worked flawlessly for me . I use it to dismantle farm tractors . The tool will take out almost all of the bolts except for one inch rusted lug nuts . These need to be heated cherry red with a torch and then the IR will take them out . Should have bought this tool ages ago .
 These impacts sell for almost 500 on a tool truck or most stores because they are the best money can buy . I use this everydayfor about 3 to 4 hours per day a must have for impact
 I like the impact gun , could use more power . Should of went with a more power gun , but with the price of this on Amazon I decided to go with this one . Nothing wrong with this will work fine for most homeowners , but if you use this in a small business you need to go with a higher impact duty gun .
 I 've been wanting an impact gun for quite some time , and finally had the justification to get it . Re-did my entire suspension and two wheel bearings with this and it made the job very easy . Highly recommend , and I know it will be around for many years . Makes tire rotation a snap - no more waiting at the tire store every few months .
 My husband wanted one of these to use with his compressor . I researched and chose this one . He was totally pleased with the quality of the product and how well it worked . Very sturdy construction that should last for years . Do wish it had come in a case for easy storage .
 Shipping was quick , item performs great . I like the adjustable settings of torque . Construction feels solid , not cheap and bought on assumption of IR 's reputation .
 Decently priced and has n't let me down yet . I used it for working on my cars . IR is a trusted brand as I use their equipment offshore in way harsher conditions so I definitely felt confident purchasing this .
 We all have a great time . It 's very simple to learn and set up and has several different ways to use this tool .
 I 'm a car repair hobbyist so this tool is not heavily used but it is well made and does the job for me .
 Very happy with impact . Bought to upgrade from a smaller torque impact . Met my expectations . Strong tool.Ingersoll-Rand 21301/2 - Inch Heavy-Duty Air Impact Wrench
 i love this tool . it made my life so easy and now i cant work without it . i read alot of reviews before i purchased it and was surely convinced . delivery was super fast . i took it to work the next day wow am i impressed . it took lug nuts off with ease and now i use it on almost anything i can . i also bought the flip socket set and it is also great . i am really happy with my purchase
 Great product overall . Small and powerful . I 've been avioding buying a `` high end '' -LRB- non Harbor Frieght -RRB- impact for years . Finally took the plunge . I have a small 2hp/10gal compressor and it bearly excerts itself when I use this IR impact . Broke down a complete long block with all accessories attached and the compressor maybe cycled for less than 5 minutes total to keep up .
 I have been performing maintenance on the family cars since my dad died when I was fifteen . That makes over a quarter century of brakes jobs and tire rotations , removing and tightening lugs with a T wrench . A couple weeks ago , I bought a compressor ; mainly to keep the tires inflated , but I could n't resist sizing it at least marginally enough to run an impact wrench . Then I could n't resist going ahead and getting the wrench . I worked a little overtime , made my order , and my Ingersoll-Rand 2130 was on the table when I got home from work this evening . I immediately went out to perform an overdue rotation on the Silverado . Those who 've used impact wrenches regularly will laugh , but I was downright dumbfounded when the wrench tapped the lug nut a few times and spun the nut off in a fraction of a second . And the wrench hardly attempts to turn in your hand . Had I known an impact wrench would make life this easy , I would have invested in the wrench and compressor years ago.I did some research before purchasing , reading a lot of reviews and comparing specs . I pretty much decided one was wasting his money going below about the $ 110 point . The other contender that would minimally meet my needs at the lowest price was theIngersoll-Rand 231C 1/2-Inch Super Duty Air Impact Wrench . I 'm sure I would have been happy with that , but moving up the 2130 seemed to be good value . For about $ 30 more you got a little more forward torque -LRB- 500 ft-lbs . vs 350 -RRB- , a little more speed -LRB- 9500 RPM vs 8000 -RRB- , about 2/3 the weight -LRB- ~ 4 lbs . vs. 6 -RRB- at very little additional air use -LRB- 4.4 SCFM vs 4.2 , however they measure that -RRB- . I was a bit concerned about my compressor being up to the wrench . It 's a Sears Craftsman 20 gallon , 1.5 HP , 150 max . PSI rated at 3.8 SCFM at 90 PSI -LRB- however THEY measure that -RRB- . A lot of experts would say it 's not enough . Sears said it was fine for 1/2 '' impact wrenches and only appropriate for intermittent use with a 3/4 '' wrench . I did some math and took the risk . For performing a tire rotation , the compressor was every bit up to the task . I really ca n't imagine any job in which the wrench would be used so continuously to really tax the compressor . If you 're a shade tree mechanic , this compressor had no problem with the wrench . In fact , I had almost completed the rotation when I realized that I had turned off the compressor earlier when my three-year-old came outside and was terrified by the compressor . I had done the job with only stored air , it was still holding 90 PSI , and I had noticed no reduction in the performance of the wrench.I did not find any photos of the 2130 on the web that showed the rear the wrench . -LRB- I intend to post a photo or two in a the next few days -RRB- The red button in the side photo pushes left and right , choosing forward and backward . There is a five position toggle -LRB- at least on mine - the manual says it 's three -RRB- in the rear to choose the maximum power . The switch is labelled from 1 at the lowest setting to 2 at the highest setting . Go figure . Power is also continuously variably controlled with the trigger , and I have to say that it is a fabulous trigger with fantastic control of speed . I 've never used a power tool with fine control like that . I was also amazed at how quiet it was . It certainly makes little noise when it 's not hammering , and when it is , I do n't believe the 100 dBa plus listed in the specs -LRB- on the verge of pain . -RRB- I also ordered theIngersoll Rand SK4M14 1/2-Inch Drive 14-Piece Metric Standard Impact Socket Set . This appears to be a great value as well.Time will tell how it holds up , but with my use , I expect it last a long time before requiring a rebuild . I ca n't speak for professional mechanics , but if you 're a do-it-yourself mechanic , I do n't believe you will go wrong with this wrench.Oh yeah ... while you 're waiting for your new toy to come , get a bottle of air tool oil . None is included .
 Tool is awesome . Not much you can say about an impact wrench as they do not do a lot but when you want it to do what it does it does it perfectly . Powerful , solid , compact and very lightweight as far as impact wrenches go . I have had impact wrenches before that the sockets fall off too easily but this one holds them real snug and has about as many features on it as you can fit on an impact wrench . There are many way more expensive wrenches out there but this one will stand tall next to all of them in the same performance class . Get it now .
 I put this tool to good use right away to remove a 1 and 1/4 inch nut which was holding on the rear axle yoke on my 88 Chevy Pickup . I had tried to break it loose previously with a half inch breaker bar and could n't budge it . I 've never used an impact wrench before so I did n't know exactly what to expect , so I set my compressor at 85psi -LRB- manual says 90psi is max . -RRB- put the socket over the nut and pulled the trigger . About 5 seconds later the nut was off . I could n't believe how easy it was . Putting the new yoke on was a bit tricky as you have to be careful not to damage the crush washer . I set the tool on the lowest setting and it was very easy to control with the trigger ; I got it on with no problem . Next I needed to replace a brake caliper so I used it to pull off the front tire which was just plain fun . I 'm just a shade tree mechanic but have found lots of uses for this tool . It 's very useful and I could n't have done some of the jobs I 've done without it . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed if you decide to purchase it . I also purchased the Ingersoll Rand SK4H13L 1/2-Inch Drive 13-Piece SAE Deep Impact Socket Set to go with it as I was told that regular sockets would not hold up . These are great sockets , very hefty with easy to read markings -LRB- great for those with over 40 eyes -RRB- .
 I purchased this impact wrench to replace a very old Craftsman hand me down which does n't have adequate power . The wrench is finished in very nice composite body with the air ports at the handle of the wrench . Power setting is established with a dial on the rear of the unit . There is a direction switch just below the dial setting . The trigger is very responsive and has variable power delivery . It fits 1/2 inch impact sockets perfectly and has a design where it grips the socket so it does n't fall off easily.The very first time I used this was to loosen up axle nut on a 7 year old car driven in the Northern USA climate -LRB- salt + road grime -RRB- . I would presume the torque delivery was very close to its maximum , but after 2-3 seconds of hammering , the axle nut came loose . Pretty impressive . I loosen up both side of the FWD axle in one minute . It saved me time , my back and possibly my knuckles if I would have it done manually with an extra long breaker bar.The wrench has a very nice balance and is pretty lightweight for its size and torque delivery . Please adhere to its minimum air delivery and pressure -LRB- make sure your compressor is up to snuff -RRB- . The wrench is not so quiet , but I usually use ear plugs around these things anyway . For the price + power delivery + quality of construction , I would comfortable rate it at 5 stars .
 I 've been using this with a Craftsman Pro 26gal compressor . I did some research and this impact wrench had good specs for the SCFM rating I could support . Just changed my timing belt last weekend and it was great for removing the wheel , motor mount , crankshaft pulley bolt etc. . The IR is short enough that it fits into most places you 'd expect to use an impact wrench . Also , it fits well in my hands and has a solid feel.There are three power settings on the back . The counterclockwise rotation is full force regardless of the setting . With the middle setting , my lugnuts go on just a bit tighter than spec , so I actually avoid using a torque wrench when I use this .
 I 've been sitting on the fence for years , reluctant to `` pony-up '' and buy one of these tools . Mostly because I 've used some of the AutoZone and Walmart varieties and have ended up returning them due to insufficient power . When I decided to tackle my '94 300ZX timing belt , I figured that I did n't need a fancy tool to break a single crankshaft bolt loose , right ?! Every time I applied pressure to the breaker bar , every cam and valve notch would pull out of line . Frustrated , I scoured the internet looking for `` sweet-spot '' in price vs. power and after hours of looking , found this Ingersoll-Rand for what I 'm certain was a very good price . Once I got this dude connected to my compressor and the pressure dialed in , it made the job almost too easy . Now I 've been looking for anything else with a lug or a bolt that I can use it on and it has worked like a charm every time . I really enjoy being able to change the three torque settings with the flip of a switch .
 I am an automotive technician & I use this gun everyday . I have no problem taking off lug nuts & lock nuts when performing an alignment . I am verry happy with the performance of this tool & would recomend it to anyone pro or weekend warrior .
 This tool takes the place of a lower-torque 200 fps , bottom-line unit , unable to remove high-torque fasteners . I run this off a small capacity 4.2 scfm double hotdog tank unit , and it performs great , for my intermittent use . It 's light weight gives it great versatility , and the easy lever torque adjustment puts it head and shoulders above competitors . I needed this to remove force fit self-locking nuts on the driveshaft and CV joints . Five-hundred fifty foot pounds of reverse torque does the job - just fine .
 A pleasure working with this tool no problemsshould have obtained this tool many years ago
 I bought a cheapo air compressor at a yard sale and wanted to buy an impact to use with it . I decided to spend the money on a good impact and went with this one . I can not say enough good about it . I do simple car repairs at home on our vehicles and this goes above and beyond in fulfilling my needs . I have no doubt it will last me the rest of my life . Spend the $ $ and never have to worry about an impact again . These days it is rare to buy a product that is well built and does the job , this one makes the grade . In case you are concerned this impact works great with a $ 200 Sears air compressor . You do n't need an expensive compressor to run it .
 I purchased this impact to replace a cheap HF impact that was pretty weak . Ingersoll-Rand has been making air tools for a long time and this tool exhibits that experience . It is fairly light and comfortable to use . The plastic parts that help keep it light feel solid and it feels like it will last . The torque selecting switch is a little stiff , but may loosen up over time . I have used to to dismantle several old cars and I have not found a bolt it would not loosen or twist off yet . Perfect for all home garages and most likely professionals as well .
 I just tried out this new impact gun - it is worth every dime I spent . I had an old Sanborn 1/2 '' that needed retirement . Amazon , as always , had the best price available ... and the free shipping - priceless !! I immediately went out and tried it on the lug nuts on my truck - zap , they were free quickly and efficiently ; same when I put them back on . i strongly recommend the IR line of products .
 So far so good . Works as promised . Compared with older Mac 234 , the IR 2130 is half the weight and more torque , plus way quieter ! Overall it was a good purchase !
 This is a great tool , struggled with an older cheap model for years . This makes tire rotations , brake and suspension work much easier .
 Easily and rapidly removes/replaces wheel lugs on all our vehicles with little noise or drama.It works at lower pressures but if you make sure it has at least 80PSI dynamic at the tool its a joy to use.It reminds me a bit of the experience of driving a truly fast car that is built for speed . It doesnt seem like you are going fast , it just seems like everyone else is going slow . This wrench has you wondering if those fasteners were actually fully torqued , as it so quickly removes them without even jumping around in your hand . It makes it look and sound easy.I cant imagine a better tool for my use unless it was cheaper or came with a guy to do the work for you .5 stars.I edited this review because I 've come to realize just how little so many people understand about pneumatics . Be skeptical of reviews by people who claim that their air tools dont work . I 'm confident that many of these people dont understand the concept of static or dynamic pressure , dont know how much pressure is dropped through their quick couplings and hoses , and have never actually measured with a gauge to see how much pressure is actully supplied at the tool while it is working . They just blame the tool . I 'm sure there is a bad product sometimes , but keep in mind how subjective and errant these reviews can be . If you are new to air tools , be sure you understand the difference between static and dynamic pressures and how to evaluate them .
 Ingersoll Rand 21301/2 - Inch Heavy Duty Air Impact WrenchGave this item as a Christmas gift and has definitely made every project successful .
 I was heading on Vacation to Florida when experiencing a blowout on my boat trailer . I have 4 wheels , so I was able to get off the road safely . However , I was nearly unable to get the blowout tire 's lug nuts loose to install the spare . Finally , I made it happen , but my wife thought I was going to have a heart attack trying . I took the trailer to a pro and replaced the tire . A few days later , I discovered a leaky tire caused by a piece of metal -LRB- probably related to cause of blowout -RRB- . I took the boat and trailer to a tire store . They could n't get the lug nuts loosed with their heavy-duty air wrenches finally plugging the leak mounted , but I knew I better do something about my stuck lugs , or find myself stranded with a possible heart attack . Salt water was locking my lugs with rust . It 's always an ordeal to take the boat and trailer to replace tires , rotate , or plug . I decided I needed an air lug wrench . I could -LRB- 1 -RRB- easily make certain my lugs were not stuck by easily keeping them working and -LRB- 2 -RRB- easily remove a tire -LRB- s -RRB- for whatever reason without needing to take the boat and trailer to a tire dealer . I purchased an air wrench from Walmart - their best . I like Walmart , but their best impact wrench could not begin to remove my lugs . I took it back . I went online and researched reading reviews . I settled on the 2130 Ingersoll-Rand . I appreciate Amazon 's easy return , so I ordered the 2130 . If I said it zipped off all my lugs with no problems , I would n't be honest . I had some seriously stuck lugs . It did get several I could n't turn with anything I had with a few seconds of hammering , but it could n't get a few heart attacks . I figured if a tire company could n't get my lugs loosed with their high impact wrenches , what was I expecting ? After some patience and penetrating oil , friends , muscle , and the 2130 , I hammered those lugs loose without breaking a single lug bolt -LRB- my fear -RRB- . I 'm very happy with the 2130 -LRB- which took after ordering 4 days -RRB- . It hammers hard . You 'll need a good compressor and about 100 plus lbs of pressure to get the stuck lugs loosed . You 'll also need some good penetrating oil -LRB- I learned there is a difference in both penetrating oils and air impact wrenches . -RRB- . After defeating the rebellious lug nuts , I wiped the grease , oil , and dirt from the 2130 , put it into its box , and placed it on the shelf with my precious tools . By the way , you will need to order , if you do n't have , the 1/2 inch deep well sockets -LRB- Walmart 's tool came with the sockets . The 2130 does n't . -RRB- . It 's a great tool .
 While this impact is on the lower end of the scale , it 's super strong and worth every penny . Amazon 's super saving shipping -LRB- free -RRB- to Hawaii is just what we need here . Guarantee I 'll be shopping more at Amazon .
 Easy peel and stick application & good fit on my 1997 Mitsu Mirage . keeps the rain out while driving with windows cracked for ventilation .
 Easy standard installation . Grooves along top make it easy to turn 3/4 turn after base contact for correct tightness . Been on there 5000 miles or so and no leaks.Almost ready for a new one .
 It 's what I expected , as described & depicted . Arrived quickly and I am satisfied with the purchase . Like it fine .
 Not one issue with this product . Raybestos makes high quality products a reason why I purchased these , Left one and a right one . Exact OEM fit made the job quick !
 Dealer wanted an outrageous price for this product and Import Auto place wanted almost $ 200 more than what I bought it for here . Runs great and light is out.Inside box had the OE direct replacement with everything matching up .
 I have a 97 Maxima and picked this hitch to use with a hitch mounted bike rack . The installation instructions were clear and easy to follow . Make sure you have a strong drill before you get started . Drilling the bumper with a cordless drill was a chore , but doable . This hitch came with the appropriate drawbar and pin ; most other online sellers did n't provide them at this price point . The hitch feels strong and secure and it handles the 120 pounds of rack and bikes like a champ .
 I 've had my WeatherTech Sunroof Wind Deflector for a year now and I 've found it to be a welcome addition to my 2002 New Beetle Sport . Installation was just a little tricky , because it will have to bow to fit the roof contour when fitting it into place . Do n't worry , it 's pretty strong.Previously , though my car has a small pop up wind deflector built in , I was subjected to annoying wind turbulence when driving with the sunroof open at highway speeds . The WeatherTech unit effectively diverts the air flow , making open air driving a pleasure . It is also strong enough to stay firmly in place at speeds well in excess of 100 mph.The deflector actually causes a vacuum , which , depending upon the speed , can cause a light `` booming '' noise as the air pressure inside of the car tries to equalize . Opening the windows slightly solves this problem.I often enjoy a good cigar while traveling down the road and the vacuum draws the smoke out so effectively that I 've never had an issue with that stale smoke smell or residue on the glass .
 brand new , works great . this saved me a lot of money by ordering the part on here and doing it myself
 These brake shows work great . Provide good stopping power to the rear brakes and not a single squeak . What more can you ask for .
 These lug nuts are very good construction . Generally good for steel wheels . May not work for some alloy wheels that need bulge base nuts .
 I used a set of these to replace the two-piece P.O.S. lug nuts that came on my '02 Jeep . Those of you that have these know what I am talking about . These McGard lug nuts are solid steel with a heavy nickel chrome plating . They fit perfectly and look good too . I just bought a second set of these when I did my rear brakes . Excellent quality and priced right .
 These are great lug nuts . They spice up the look of the trailer too ! They look like expensive lug nuts , when really they 're not . I needed ten of these for my Trophy -LRB- tm -RRB- Trailer . An easy install , and a satisfied customer !
 Purchasing these McGard lug nuts was an easy decision.Known for a quality product and worth the money.I installed these on my enclosed trailer and the fit and finish was excellent . I also used a set of these same lug nuts on a pick up truck of mine and they complemented the replacement wheels I had installed on it.This is a definete recommened item .
 Replaced all 24 worn out two piece lug nuts on my Airstream trailer with these . Seem to be high quality and a big improvement . Reason they get four stars instead of five is I needed 24 of them -LRB- four wheels times six nuts per wheel -RRB- - they should package these as 12 per box instead of 10 , or make a box of four or five available . My guess they are trying to encourage you to buy a pack of four locking lug nuts , which costs more than a 10 pack of these and I really did n't need for the stock wheels on the Airstream ...
 This fit very well , keeps out the rain , even survived a hail storm . Almost perfect . The only thing is that it does block a tad bit more view . But once you learn it 's there and how to turn around corners looking around it , it 's fine . Of course , it also depends on how far back you sit from the windshield as to how much and what view it blocks . My wife has no trouble with it since she sits rather far forward.I would recommend it without hesitation .
 I 've bolted/clamped my exhaust and it was n't tight . This product made it tight like a weld . Moreover -LRB- ! -RRB- I 've custom installed an additional O2 sensor in my exhaust pipe without a bung and this stuff keeps it perfectly in place . > 1 year meanwhile passed and no problems at all . In my opinion better then welding because unlike common weld spots , this here wo n't rust
 I have a crack in the exhaust manifold of my classic car . When it first appeared two years ago , I did not want to spend several hundred dollars on a new manifold . So I looked for a cheaper fix . I used ThermoSteel . It held until a few weeks ago -- over two years . Although not a permanent repair , it saved me hundreds of dollars and worked well . I plan on using it again .
 I have not installed this belt as of yet on my '08 Nissan Altima v6 coupe . I have been a fan of Bando belts for 20 years . I am sure I will have NO issues with this application .
 The sensor looks like the original and fit perfectly . I just installed it so time will tell about it 's durability .
 High quality product . It is a direct swap for the stock sensor . No problems with fitment or function after several thousand miles .
 installed in 06 trailblazer , passenger side , exhaust manifold ... worked perfectly , best price around ... get a socket made for o2 sensors -LRB- so much easier -RRB-
 Received on time and was an EXACT FIT ... Stupid shops wanted close to $ 300 , but was able to get this part and do it myself for far less ... NO issues or problems , running great !!! THANKX
 Pretty satisfied with this exhaust , not that hard to install yourself and sounds great -LRB- a nice low rummble -RRB- . The only problem I had was the hanger supplied was a bit on the weak side . I had to clear my spare tire a little more and the hanger was allowing the pipe to keep dropping down and touching the tire again . Quick fix , had a more rigged hanger made , no problems now . Thanks for the great product and fast shipping .
 I have replaced the OEM paper filters on all my vehicles with reusable cotton filters for years . Not only do cotton filters improve my vehicles ' performance by increasing airflow to the engine , they also are better for the environment -LRB- by being washable -RRB- , and will save me money in the long run -LRB- in replacements and fuel efficiency -RRB- . K&N ; stands by their products and state that the use of their filters will not void your vehicle warranty . They even provide a little information card to keep in your glovebox should your dealer try to void your warranty . If your dealer still tries to give you trouble after showing them the card , K&N ; has a phone number that you can call where you can receive assistance in the matter .
 I use the K&N Air Filter on all three of my cars . I like the fact that it 's warranty is so long and goes many miles without needing cleaning . I keep my cars for a long time so they do pay for themselves in the long run .
 Had this radiator installed a year ago on my 2000 Crown Vic along with new motorcraft hoses that I also ordered off amazon.Seems to be a well built radiator , Have n't lost a ounce of radiator fluid since the install , seems to be holding up well , recommended !
 Ca n't beat the price nor the product . Researched a whole bunch and found this product to be just as good if not better than the OEM part , for half the price .
 Proliance 431418 RadiatorIt was easier than I thought to install , fits great , and its overall function is very good
 These were an exact match for my vehicle.The quality is as good if not better than original.Since they came with the lamps & sockets that I needed to replace , it was a no brainer to get this set for both sides & put an endto bad connections with the brake & turn lights .
 I was sceptical about ordering this and was n't sure it would fit , but it fit right on my '02 Jeep Grand Cherokee WJ . Taillight was perfect . Better than original . Came with bulbs already in it !!!!! I could n't even believe that . Arrived on schedule . I installed and it worked perfectly . I will buy from these guys again .
 The light assembly is exactly how it is described , works exactly how it should , comes with bulbs already installed , easy to install and only takes a little time . looks exactly like stock replacement . Great product for the price guaranteed !!!
 I had one back light that either didnt work or burned out once a month so I bought the entire unit and replaced it and that corrrected the problem .
 This taillight assembly fit perfectly as a replacement for my 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee . It took about five minutes to remove the old light , transfer the trim flap , and install the new unit . I was pleasantly surprised when I checked and discovered that the light bulbs were included ! I had looked on eBay and most of those did n't come with the bulbs.I used my Amazon Prime for second day shipping and the package actually showed up a day early !
 The product arrived quicker than I expected and neatly packaged . It fit perfectly but I found it $ 10 cheaper in Ebay : - -LRB-
 Ordered Sunday and arrived Tuesday afternoon using the free shipping -LRB- of 5-8 days -RRB- . It fit well and packaged well . Odd thing was there was no invoice or anything in the package , and no installation instructions -LRB- I did not need though -RRB- . Came with the bulbs installed . A few pointers to perform the installs . You have to slide the red tab with a small flat blade -LRB- screwdriver -RRB- to release the connector plug from the old taillight . Plug the connector into the new tail light and push the red slide connector back with your fingers . The red connector holds the plug in place . On my 2002 Cherokee , I had to remove the plastic hinged bracket -LRB- that the 2 holding screws go into -RRB- from the old tail light and put on the new one . I used the same screwdriver to move the lips of the plastic retainer arm and pull to release and reinsert the opposite way to put into the new tail light . I then could not secure the top original screw into the hole as the metal clip was recessed about 1/8 back further than the original tail light . I had to use a 1/4 inch longer screw on the top and I could use the original screw on the bottom . Everything else was perfect . All brake lights , turn signals , headlights , and assorted combinations worked as designed -LRB- and most people know the jeep lighting design has issues -RRB- . I was not going to buy a tail light from Jeep . The job took longer due to the replacing the hinged plastic piece that holds the light in the rear and finding a longer screw . Overall , it was around 15 minutes . The light looks the same and fit the same footprint .
 What a fantastic replacement tail light . Priced right , installs easily -LRB- 10 mins -RRB- once installed you can not tell the differance between this one and the original . Bulbs included , Highly recommended !!
 Perfect fit.Looks ths same as original light . Took about 10 minutes to install.Evencame with bulbs installed.Fast shipping.Good service.Worth the price , witch was half of what the parts stores wanted .
 This product was packaged very secure . Received it withing three days of ordering it . Fit perfect . Great price . Very very very satisfied .
 I recently acquired a cherokee that had a cracked tail light . This one replaced it fine , but my only complaint was that the original OEM version had a connected plastic ` tab ' on the top that made it mount a little better near the inside-top . This one seems to be holding in place fine , but without that tab I 'm still worried that it might not be as sturdy a fit .
 I purchased a pair of the TYC taillights because my wife backed my Grand Cherokee into a pole and shattered one side . I purchased two taillights to ensure that the coloration and gloss would match on both sides of the vehicle.Fitment is PERFECT . These are not exactly like the OEM taillights but unless you are an automotive Subject Matter Expert , you will not be able to tell . The shape and mounting holes are so perfect , it is as if they were molded from the original Chrysler tooling . These taillight housings also include all needed bulbs , bulb holders , and internal electric components . Just plug in your existing wiring and go!This is also a good option to fix the brake lights - a common problem with the WJ Grand Cherokee is that the little tabs on the bulb holder for the brake light bend and the brake lights stop working . You can bend the tabs back , but eventually the housing needs to be replaced . This is a great way to fix it semi-permanently for a very low price .
 I was surprised and delighted to find the part I needed on amazon.com . Furthurmore there was a very nice deal that made the decision to buy from this source easier . The part arrived in a short amount of time and I was able to replace my damaged tail light lens easily as the fit and finish of the new part was exactly as the original . And the thing came with all the lightbulbs installed !! . It was a quick plug and play and I was on the road again.This was my first experience with Amazon.com and now all my purchases are shopped here first .
 Item was an exact replacement for my rear tail light assembly . Fit exactly - no extra work to install . Bulbs and sockerts were included - definitely a very good deal .
 This product fit perfectly . Great price and fast shipping . The tail light even came with the bulbs and the bulb holders . If you know anything about this particular Jeep tail light the bulb holders are separate and can cost anywhere from $ 5 to $ 10 each and it takes three . I will definitely check with TYC next time I need parts for any vehicle I own . I would highly recommend this product and company .
 Backed into a telephone pole Saturday and destroyed the RH Taillight Assembly . Priced out replacements at the local auto parts stores and found that replacements varied but ran upwards to $ 170 ! Checked Ebay and on a whim , checked Amazon 's site . Found this $ 40 replacement and though skeptical , I ordered it with my Prime Shipping and received it on Monday afternoon . Assembly came with all tail light bulbs already installed in the unit ! The auto parts assemblies required a bulb swap ! Loosen 2 screws , pop old assembly out , unclip the wiring harness , plug it into the new assembly , pop it back into the fender , install trim piece with the two screws and in less than 5 minutes you have a new , perfectly matching same OEM quality taillight assembly for a fraction of an auto parts store replacement and far less expensive than taking it to a body shop or dealer.With the way I drive sometimes , should probably order another set of these for the future . You definitely wo n't go wrong with this replacement assembly and the price is more than right!Perfect OEM MatchComes with all bulbs installed alreadyPlug & Play takes less than 5 minutes2 day shippingCosts 1/3rd or less than at an auto parts store
 Dont even try to mess with your stock equipment if a bulb doesnt fix a broken taillight . Installs in 1 minute and looks just like an original . Comes with the circuit board that commonly messes up on the stock taillamp .
 I spent 1 hour trying to fix one of my tail lights . Went bought new lamp sockets for $ 10 each -LRB- 3 per light -RRB- , then bought two replacement light bulbs for $ 8 . I could n't get the other tail light to work so I ordered this tail light . It took 3 minutes to take off old taillight and install this all in one unit -LRB- lamp sockets and lights installed -RRB- .
 I 've never been so excited about a tail light in my life ! My brother keeps telling me that I do n't need to go to a mechanic every time something goes wrong with my car and finally , I believe him . Broke my tail light with a less than ideal attempt at backing up and decided to try to fix the problem myself . This is a perfect match for the factory tail light and was incredibly easy to install . I read reviews of people buying 2 so they 'd match - but I did n't notice any difference . It arrived in two days -LRB- thanks , Prime -RRB- and I 'm very happy with it . Was also pleasantly surprised to find that the assembly already contained the bulbs - for some reason , I thought I 'd need to buy them separately .
 The product was shipped without delay . The product was intact , and functioned flawlessly . I would buy this product again . The bulbs were included in the unit I received .
 I was so glad to find these lights . They resolved a long-standing problem we 've had with the break lights on our Jeep . My wife now feels safe to drive at night again . They fit and look great .
 The tail light fit perfect and was a perfect match to the other side . Easy to install.What else can I say ?
 I was concerned when I ordered whether it would match the original on the other side . I can not tell the difference between this and the original , it 's perfect . Comes with bulbs already installed , a nice feature . Installation takes less than two minutes , plug in the power socket , push in the post , put in two screws and you 're done . Anyone who can use a screwdriver and knows how to unplug and plug back in a power connector can do this with no problem .
 The ligths look great on my truck i like the way they look . this a great set of lights
 The brake controller is very easy to install and use . We switch the controller between vehicles so the ability to make adjustments are necessary .
 Love it . Works great . Easy to install . I bought a wiring hariness for my titan and had no issues during the install process .
 Works as intended , No problems so far but , I have not owned it very long yet.It is the same exact controller that was in my truck . So the replacement was about a 5 minute process
 I was happy with shipment and item I purchased . Easy to mount and nice quality.It 's an item I would recommend to others .
 Great product . Easy to install . Just used it once and had no problems . I was talked out of the other ones and I 'm glad I was !
 I got this so I would n't have to hack up factory wiring . It probably would n't save ya alot of time .
 After getting the correct T-Harness from Amazon it worked as claimed . It save about a third of the time when installing my Bulldog remote start by not needing to cut and connect several wires . .
 Been using this product for years with my guitars . What makes it great is that there is no silicone . Every tried to refinish a piece of wood , car , etc. , that has a ton of wax build up . Fish eye galore ! I use the fine cut as opposed to medium or better . If I need to cut deeper , I just usually add comet or ajax directly to the liquid . If the peice i 'm working on requires a deeper cut , some prefer to wet sand , but I 'll just accomplish that with straight comet , a sponge and a little water followed by this fine cut cleaner . Then its on to the swirl remover and then # 7 glaze .
 While I ca n't compare this to other cleaners and rubbing compounds , it did really well against where a few people had parallel parked into my car . It also worked on a spot where my friend hit a parking pole and got paint all over her bumper .
 Absolutely perfect ! Very good construction and appearance ! I would highly recommend this item to friends and family ! Thank you very much !
 Excellent product . Many uses and enjoy using their full line . Superior quality and only used when the most delicate of projects are involved .
 It ca n`t be beat.It was better than expected.Easy to use , and brings out a beautiful glass finish.I would recommend it to all .
 I 've use most all Meguiar 's cuts ... like the quick grit scale on the bottle ... . and they work well together ... does the trick !
 I was having some painting done on my car , and while talking to the guy doing it , he said that my car was filthy . I keep my car very clean , but he was referring to the road grime buildup that just does not come off with a normal washing . He recommended this product , so I tried it . It is really amazing to feel the difference after using this cleaner . I thought my car looked good beforehand , now it is even better . The way you can tell is run your finger across the surface of your car before using this cleaner , then clean a spot , and run your finger over both the old and the new , your car will feel very smooth to the touch ! I did n't even know it was dirty . It is a liquid , so you apply it with a rag , let it dry and then take it back off with a rag . You do need to rub fairly hard to remove it , but it looks and feels so good after you are done . It does take off wax , so plan on waxing your car after this as well ! Great product !
 Works perfectly , but in order for the connector to plug into the pins on the steering column , the plastic on the connector has to be trimmed a bit . This is n't that big of a deal , but it does make things more complicated . Other than that , It works perfect , and lets the autostart -LRB- remote starter -RRB- be installed without having to cut any wires . It 's nice to add an autostart while still leaving the factory GM Harness intact !
 The sensor fit the car and it works fine , CEL is out . However , the sensor I received does n't look exactly like the one in the picture . The large washer that is right above the sensor was n't on mine . It appears that washer is there to keep dirt and water from getting to the converter pipe that is beneath some shielding that surrounds it . I think the purpose is to keep the threads on the sensor from corroding to make it easier to remove . The factory original sensor had the washer on it , but that did n't keep its threads from tearing off in the pipe when I took it out . So its probably not really needed . Just a tip , make sure you have an O2 sensor thread chaser handy before you take out the old one . They sell them for about $ 10 at auto parts stores . That way you can chase the threads before you install the new sensor , instead of having to figure out how to get to the auto parts store to get the tool since your car ca n't be driven with no O2 sensor and an open hole in the pipe . Yes , learned this lesson the hard way .
 Inexpensive but well-made , this Disconnect Switch is simple to install in a couple of minutes . We put one on my wife 's minivan to secure it after an attempted break-in and it works great ! Unscrew the knob about one turn and , while a small amount of current through the fused jumper maintains radio and other memory functions , high-current functions like the starter are totally disabled.Unscrew the knob completely out of the switch and take it with you for maximum security and as a reminder you have disabled the system . My wife has already blown two fuses , forgetting she had disconnected the battery . It works as advertised
 My wife 's 1981 El Camino has an electrical problem that drains the battery after a week or so and we 've been unable to find the cause . This resulted in having to replace the battery every year as it 'd get to the point where it would n't take a charge.I ordered this bit of hardware in the hopes that it 'd save the battery . It did.Installation was easy ... the adapter for side mount batteries worked fine , but I did have to spend a nice chunk of change at PepBoys for a post adapter for the other end of this switch.The end result though is that when my wife gets home at night , she raises the hood , turns the knob and knows that the battery will be charged the next time she needs to drive the car.If you have a car that does n't get driven often , or has an electrical problem as I 've described , I think this is a great solution for a reasonable price .
 This item has proven to be an excellent product . I no longer have problems with the RV 's battery going dead .
 I bought two of these items . One did not fit onto my 2006 Corvette battery because of the positioning of the battery so I returned it . The one I kept I placed onto my 2002 F150 and use it often !! I went through three batteries with the truck sitting before I installed this and since then I have n't bought another battery !! I do not use the fuse functions for memory saving purposes because I was afraid of draining the battery while the truck sits for long periods . I would recommend this product to others .
 Readily installed on my 2007 Tundra . Only abut 15 minutes to install . Only needed to position the device to clearobstacle 's but still easy to install . I did not install the by pass wire that powers the radioand computer when car ignition is off . Just did not need that feature as I only listento 2 radio stations here in Vermont -LRB- we have more then 2 but I do n't listen to them -RRB- so easy to reprogram when needed.Now just need to remember where I keep the screw on part of the switch when I need it . : - -RRB- recommendedMarty K
 This belt arrived quickly , fit was perfect and these belts wear like forever . I use these on all vehicles reason they do n't stretch or crack like the others .
 My 9-year old original serpentine belt still looked OK on my 2003 Dodge Caravan . It was the hard to trace chirping noise that made me think of replacing the belt . Also suspect was the alternator pulley but that 's harder to replace and at more expense . I replaced the belt myself and became initially disappointed because the chirping noise was still there . However after 3 days , the noise went away . It has been 4 months now and the chirping noise has not returned . I look forward for this belt to provide many years of service , assuming the rest of the car will .
 Bando is not a well known belt brand in the midwest , but should be . High quality product made in the U.S. and at a great price . Normal delivery was very fast .
 I bought and installed this belt over a month and it has been working fine since . I have not had any problems with it at all . It also was shipped and arrived just as it said it would be .
 I got these for my old pickup . The 20 year old lamps were yellowed with age and did n't quite cut the mustard anymore . I like the bright blue spectrum lighting I see in my friends BMW and sought to replicate it . These lights do provide an additional 10-15 % illumination but as it says on the packaging this is a WHITE light and not a blue spectrum . So in the end you get a marginally brighter halogen light . I 'm happy with it as it is a huge improvement over the old lamps I was using , but not the super-beams I was hoping for .
 When the box came in , i opened it and installed it on my truck , it fit perfect and when i turned my lights on it was like day light at night on the road . had to do a few adjustments but it was much much much better then my stock head lights . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ONE .
 These lights were well worth the money . They give off a bright white light . I would buy it again but thought that the liight would be a little blue but wasnt
 The lights came very quickly ! I installed them and they are exactly what I was looking for !
 The brightness level is remarkable , compared to the regular bulbs I had been using . Well worth the upgrade !
 These headlights work great . They are whiter and brighter than my old halogen factory headlights . I can see further and wider . I only wish I had done this sooner . Worth the price .
 i was to purchase these at a local shucks , but they do not sell them anymore , becuase they are now illegal , certainly in washington , but not sure about other states .
 I borrowed a serpentine belt tool from a friend of mine . A regular wrench is just too short to do the work , as I tried . Then I spent roughly 5 minutes to install the belt . It fits perfectly . OEM is OEM , and very quiet . Go Bando !
 After owning my 2000 GMC Sonoma truck for over 10 years , even though the original serpentine belt looked fine , it was due for a belt replacement.Separately , my engine needed a new belt tensioner arm and pulley ... so I thought that I might as well change the belt too!This was inexpensive and works well . I recommend it .
 What I needed and fit perfectly in the engine and allowed me to get the cam button check off my build list
 I 've tried alot of spouts and I just like the quick on off of this one as well as the ability to get it into the hole with the flexible hose easier .
 What is missing is that the product gets free refills from Zymol for life . So , if you use a lot of high-end wax then this will pay for itself in a few years.And , yes , Zymol makes the best wax I 've ever used .
 You think a car company could just buy this and have unlimited wax for every single car they churn out of their factories . Props on selling this .
 I hope the person reviewing above is joking because it is not a body hair removal wax , it is for automobiles . The high percentage of white carnuba which is what it is made with provides an intense luster to the car paint .
 No I have n't used this particular product but I have used other Zymol products . Great stuff.For $ 7500 , do n't you think they could throw in free shipping ? : -RRB-
 Fit great on my 3 inch lifted -LRB- Teraflex -RRB- 2000 Jeep Wrangler Sahara . This system sounds great . I replaced my glass pack with this system . It is the perfect tone . Queit when driving normal , throaty when accelerating . Fit was outstanding . It came with the fancy exaust tip shown in the picture plus one shaped the same as stock Highly Polished though . I have a large aftermarket receiver that required the use of the normal looking tip . The hardest part of instalation was removing the old exaust . I cut the bolts going to the cat and found that a 6 inch C clamp works great for removing the pins out of the rubber hangers . It also came with a nice sticker and a ball cap . I highly recommend this system and love the fact it was so complete to include new bolts so you do n't have to think twice about cutting the old stuff .
 These are high quality , I ordered the mounting kit as well , which made the mounting go very smooth , this was what I would consider an easy install . I used an angle head drill and an air ratchet . Even though our suburban has rear air and the lines run down the right side of the under carriage the mounting kit worked well . I weigh 340 lbs . they support me very well . I would definitely buy these again .
 Happy with purchase . The catch seems to be of good quality . It was easy to install and hopefully will last longer than other ones that I purchased elsewhere .
 I bought both the front and rear washer pumps . The most difficult part was removing and re-installing the battery . I am a 64 year old female , so if I can do it , anyone can . Just get over the apprehension and do it !! They work great .
 My 97 Del Sol 's washer no longer worked . I checked the switch and it was working , so it had to be a bad washer pump . Ordered it here on Amazon and received it within 2 days . -LRB- I do have Amazon prime -RRB- Pros - easy to install - fits perfectly - Works really well - low price versus OEM - quick shippingCons - you need to either splice into the existing line or make your own connector . This really is n't too bad , but I figured I lay it out.If you are interested in what it took to replace it , read on.I looked all over the web to see how difficult it would be to replace it and finally plunged into it . It was simple . You just have to remove one clip under the wheel well and pull the lining open . Then reach inside and pry down on the old and it will pop out . This will cause all the fluid to leak out . one thing I forgot to do at this point , which I recommend doing , is to clean and flush the reservoir . Insert the grommet into the reservoir -LRB- I reuse the original Honda -RRB- , connect the electrical connector -LRB- I use the flat connector rather than splicing into the line , then tape it up -RRB- , then the small hose . When you insert the pump through the grommet , push hard until you hear a snap and the pump clicks into the reservoir . That 's it .
 The Washer Pump I was looking for . Good water pressure , easy to install , just as I read from a Grandmother opinion .
 I put this pump in my daughters Hyundai in very short order . It works like factory with easy installation -LRB- besides the location under passenger front tire wheelwell -RRB- . Price , Speed , Quality ... ALL GREAT
 Well , I installed this a few days ago and so far it is working fine in my 92 Bronco 4.9 liter . No leaks from the radiator yet , knock on wood . It installed very easily - fits perfectly . The included mounting hardware is pretty good for the most part , but I did have to re-use the transmission cooling line pipe adapter from my old radiator because the cooler line threads wo n't fit into the included adapters.I was frankly amazed at how fast this arrived , and from all the way across the country at that . Having Amazon Prime is indispensable - only $ 4 more for overnight shipping . When you have a leaky radiator to fix , getting a new one fast is paramount . Thanks again , Amazon !
 This picture is a 32 oz . -LRB- metal can -RRB- not the gal . size . The metal can is no longer being produced so I am wondering what you would receive if this product is ordered.Marvel Mystery Oil is a fine lubricating oil.I use it in my 300,000 + 1990 Ford Ranger and my 100,000 + 2003 Toyota Tacoma . It works for me and I think I will keep using it .
 We had our mirror smashed out probably by a baseball bat so we ordered this replacement . It turns out that this glass is suppose to go ON TOP of the broken glass of a mirror and not fully replace the mirror . Unfortunately for us - there was no mirror left so this mirror is too small - we are temporarily using the mirror with duck tape until we can get a real OEM replacement . Hope this helps !
 We love the hitch cover ! Its bigger than expected , but it looks great . It fits perfectly . I highly recommend the key lock for it which we purchased separately . It was the Trimaz TS32 Universal Lock which fits both 1/2 &#34; and 5/8 &#34; . See my review on that too . The seller was great when we had to exchange it .
 I love my Tinker Bell `` I 'm No Princess ! '' Universal-Fit Molded Front Floor Mats . They look so great in my truck .
 These mats are heavy weight and will stand up to wear - perfect for Tinkerbell fans !
 The mat was so beauiful when I put them in my truck it make it look classy they are so nice I highly recommend these item you wo n't go wrong and the price was great I recieved them fast you can just wipe them off with wet cloth when they get dirty I get alot Components from friends and family great item .
 I got these as a gift and my mother-n-law loved them .
 Love the picture and the quality of these is superb . Its a rubber/plastic feeling material great for winter and easy to clean . Had a bit of a smell out of the box but dispersed within a day or two.One important thing to note is that the size is not universal . I have a mid sized suv and its definitely too small . I needed to put a plastic liner underneath to cover where this mat does not . These are perfect size for cars and small suv . I have a 2006 Highlander Limited for size comparison .
 Being an adult and a kid at heart , who can say it better then the saying on the mat . Yes I will admit that I am no Princess , but deep down inside we are looking for our prince charming or a knight in shining armor . The only reason I love Tinker Bell is that she loved Peter and Peter loved Wendy ! The good ones are always taken !
 I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of this product . These matts seem tough . They are nice and thick , seem well made and are very cute . I bought them as a gift for my granddaughter and she seemed very pleased with them . We will have to see how they stand up to her torture .
 I bought a pair of this stuff at $ 7 , which is so cheap ! And they look good and fit my front seat well . However , you will feel a little bit cold if you feet touch them when driving ...
 Tough , durable , and washable , these floor mats nevertheless are meant to get dirty -- and they do . However , with each scuff and smudge , Tink 's pouting proclamation that she 's no princess simply takes on real attitude . In a word , whoever designed this put a great deal of thought into it , making something which with use becomes more and more engaging .
 These mats were just as cute in person as they were online . I would recommend these to any tinkerbell enthusiasts out there !!! : -RRB-
 using this as an experiment , it fits my 98 impreza and adds about half a quart capacity , the release valve psi is set ~ 5 lbs above the recommended but still overlapps the range of the recommended psi , use at your own risk outide of recommended vehicles !
 I 've use most all Meguiar 's cuts ... like the quick grit scale on the bottle ... . and they work well together ... does the trick !
 product is just as oem if nit better then.Fit perfectly just needed more sticky tape or I contact tape to Farson mirror probably over all 4stars . Philjuniorp@aol com
 This product was easy to install and will be used for years to come . I have a cold air intake with a cone filter that it keeps nice and dry .
 These are great ! They were bought as a Mother 's Day gift for my Mom , and she absolutely loves them . My only complaint is that the picture shows the lettering in pink , when it 's actually just 3D plain black . Where the pink is , the rubber is pressed down and plain black , the same as the mat . So it is a bit hard to read , and it 's not an accurate depiction of the product . Otherwise , these are great . The teeth glow in the dark too !!!! Mom was thrilled . They 're really easy to clean , and they 're sturdy solid thick rubber . Nice and heavy so the corners hold themselves down.UPDATE
 I WANTED FLOOR MATS FOR MY CAR THAT SHOWED THE LIGHTER , FUN SIDE OF ME -- THESE ADORABLE MATS ACCOMPLISHED THAT GOAL . THE MATS ARE ALSO DURABLE , AND SHOULD PROTECT THE FLOORING IN THE CAR FOR YEARS TO COME .
 I was a tad disappointed that the lettering is not colored as shown in the picture , it is black and very hard to read because the letters blend in to the background . contrast would have been nice since the words complete the design . I 'm trying to figure out how to add my own coloring to the letters . On the plus side , they arrived quickly and are quite heavy , not at all cheaply make , they lay nice and flat even in my small car . The cat is colored molded rubber vs just painted on , so I expect them to last a good long time . They look so good I bought new seat covers to dress up the rest of my car . Darn clever Amazon , promoting full car interior redecorating !
 Very sturdy and stylish , couldnt find other accessories to match up with it thou ! So all in all the color and how it looks is nice on the floor .
 The product was exactly as depicted and arrived very quickly . I was quite pleased with the whole transaction .
 PROS : Easy installation on my car -LRB- Toyota Corolla 2008 -RRB- Increases visibility at night and also in extreme conditionsBulbs -LRB- H3 -RRB- can be changed to more powerful bulbsGive a new look to the carCONS : Can be dificult to install electrical wiring ... Bulbs which are provided are not very bright , only 55W ...
 It was exactly what i wanted . i could n't be more pleased with the way this light looks on my bike .
 Looks & fits great I would recommend this product to many other people & would order more for my other car .
 allways a great opption for my customers at a good price and a great fit for all the cars we have boughtthanks and would recomend to every one
 Really like the ventshades . They were easy to install and look good on the Ford Fusion . They keep the rain out and alittle air can come in . Great buy .
 Excelente opcion para mi cherokee liberty 2005 , mejorando el sonido y la salida de aire , y sumando hp , lo complemente con un K&N intake y un jet chip performance aumentando considerablemente el hp ... 100 % recomendado , y aparte del performance le da un look excelente , encaja perfectamente
 Definately worth the $ 15 or whatever . Trying to splice all those wires way up in the ignition would have been a major pain and taken forever , with this you just unplug the ignition harness and plug this in . Highly recommended .
 I installed this to replace the missing breaker plate in a Prestolite IBT distributor on a Continental F163 . It fit perfectly and works fine . The only tiny complaint is that the grommet is a little too small for the hole in the distributor , so it 's easy to pull it all the way through .
 Without getting into it too much detail , I have been working on my car and needed to replace the accessory belt as I put a new crank damper pulley on . The dealer wants $ 85 for the OEM belt and the sub-par junk that is sold locally was over $ 30 . For my car , Bando is the OEM supplier for the belt and for $ 15 shipped how can you go wrong ? You ca n't . That made my day and let me finish that part of the project and I could not purchase it locally , so it worked out .
 This product is exactly as advertised . It is well made and fits well . I installed it on a warm , sunny day and have not experienced any problems with the tape lifting off . The entire installation took only about 20 minutes .
 Used it with a buffer after lightly wetsanding the original paint on a 61 mercedes ... shines almost like new . Can not believe how well it came out !
 I bought tihis for my husband for Christmas , he has n't used it yet , but he knows the product and is happy with it .
 Works great if you use it correctly . -LRB- High-Speed Buffer/Polisher @ 6500 rpm and above -RRB-
 It was very easy to search for the correct part for my vehicle . Even though not OEM , it installed easily and works as expected .
 Great value for the price . Matches the original mirror perfectly . Love it .
 I found this item in the store and tired it and liked it very much . I then found out that Amazon had it for much cheaper and ordered it right away and it came in the mail .
 Rubber , Plastic , Paint , Glass , More ! I will never have a garage without it . It even removes that nasty wax that gets on the plastic . No build up or discoloring .
 I have this product for years I used it on our RV when we had one . Now I use it on my truck and it keeps my truck looking new . My husband uses it on his 1967 VW bug and it has helped him win two shows for it 's help in keeping the bugs exterior and interior in class condition
 I have been using this on my motorcycle for over a year and it is great stuff ! Amazing for paint , chrome , rubber , vinyl , leather , glass , acrylic , everything ! You do n't have to worry about getting this on rubber trim as it does n't whiten anything . It works excellent on painted wheels as it keeps them cleaner from brake dust and road dirt . It is easy to apply and take off , it is no wonder RV owners love this stuff . You can find this cheaper at Walmart in the RV section , not the auto section .
 Read other reviews on this cover and finally decided to purchase it . Recieved item very quick ! 3 days is very good for free shipping to Hawaii . When opening box , cover came with several bungee chords and a carrying bag . Cover fit perfectly over my 87 honda Magna and just snug enough . Have n't used it in the rain , but for a basic motorcycle cover it is a good buy . The cover also has a soft cotton lining on the upper area of cover and a couple of vents at the rear .
 I purchased this cover for my 1989 Honda Goldwing -LRB- which has 20,000 miles -RRB- but was very skeptical as too what I would get for the little money being spent . What I found when I opened the box was a cover of very high quality , flawless workmanship , and quite frankly a cover that I would gladly paid much more for . This cover is well made with top quality materials and workmanship , is well designed , and the fit up to the motorcycle is excellent .
 I have burned through 4 other covers in barely two years . This one is the one . Great quality , perfect fit , soft interior lining . It has n't been through a winter yet , but the quality is so superior to the other covers I 've tried , I 'm sure it will stand up just fine .
 Buy Factory Direct Motorcycle Cover XXL , Soft lining . -- Extra Extra Large 111 `` x53 .5 `` HI had a cover similar to this , but it eventually gave out . This new one is far superior to my old one although they look almost identical on the outside . Amazingly well made , waterproof , and the addition of a cotton interior helps prevent scratches on my antique 1974 Honda 450 . Make and sell products like this at a reasonable price , and you 've got a customer forever.Bob MinnochAshtabula , Ohio
 This is a great cover . The problem you need to pay attention to is this . I had my bike outside and it rained and then it got really hot and humid . So while the rain was drying the vapors went up into the cover and settled on all my chrome . I got a lot of rust because of that . Just take off the cover after it stops raining .
 Purchased this cover for my '03 Dyna Lowrider and fits perfectly , Has held up well -LRB- better than past products I 've owned -RRB- in the blazing Arizona sun
 This is an excelent cover for the money . I have seen other covers at the motorcycle specialty shops with a much higher price.We have a Honda 1500 and ordered a Large Cycle Sack it fits perfect.Unsure of how it would handle in the rain because our bike is garage kept.I would highly reccomend this cover ***** Excellent price High quality
 In spite of the excellent price and initially great customer service , the bottom-line is that the cover does NOT hold up to the sun . In less than four weeks the cover quickly deteriorated from exposure to California sunshine . The seller did quickly provide a replacement . However , the same thing happened to the replacement cover in less that a month . My attempts to contact customer service the second time went unanswered ; instead , I was given an unsolicited refund -LRB- minus S&H charges -RRB- .
 Good product . does what its supposed to do and adds a great look to my truck . a little tricky to get the lights on . have to take bar off truck and chrome plate also . fit 6 '' lights .
 This bull bar is great . One note as I found out this bar does not fit the Ford sport track 2001-2005 . The description says it does , but I called Westin and they confirmed they did not build this bar for the front of a Ford explorer sport -LRB- Which the front of the sport trac is based from -RRB- . The reason I give such a good review is the product is nice and I did make it work and it looks good on the front of my truck .
 It was waaaaaaaaay easy to install on my explorer , only took about 30 minutes to install , and it looks great !!
 The only issue was that you ahve to take the whole door pannel off . That 's not the mirror 's fault though . Either way , ca n't tell it 's not stock , reflects perfectly , Very satisfied .
 This was a perfect fit for my 2000 Ford Ranger xlt , 80 's velcro ` hang in there its almost Friday ' kitty wallet , red plastic Goodwill tool chest , Scooby-Doo wristwatch and community college skill set . In other words , not only is the part a perfect match for the one I am replacing but it was also inexpensive , delivered promptly and is very easy to replace -LRB- with only three nuts mounting it to the door and three screws in the door panel cover to remove -RRB- .
 I 've owned these sunroof deflectors for years , I 've bought the cheap and the expensive , WeatherTech by far has the best product . Installed in 10 minutes and really made durable . I purchased it direct from Amazon using Four Wheel Parts Wholesale , fast shipping great price ca n't beat it !
 I just got today my intake and installed right away ... . I went to the beach -LRB- 2 hour travel -RRB- and I feel a nice difference and throttle response ... even also the engine sound is better ... I am using this intake in wife 2002 Corolla with 7afe -LRB- Asian model -RRB- with a Dynomax Super Turbo and the whole setup is perfect for the car .
 This product was as described , packaged well , but showed up pretty late . I paid for expedited shipping and that did n't help any as the item was back ordered . Would give this a five star , but I believe the shipping time frame was a bit more than was promised . No problem with the part or the seller , just would n't pay for expedited shipping in the future .
 I use this fan when I sleep.I run it off a deep cycle Battery and a small solar panel.AWESOME clean and free to run .
 Dallas Mustang chose this Bando belt when they installed my Kenny Belle supercharger on my 4.6 Mustang . It lasted about 25 thousand miles under high heat , high RPM 's and torturous serpetine loads . I believe the Caddie CTS supercharged 4.6 uses the same belt from my research.My fault for not checking the belt during the KBelle oil changes at 19K , then 38K . For a basic belt , it performed flawlessly for 4 full years and only split a bit down the middle at the end of its life . It did not self destruct or cause major internal damage to any engine part or wire ; it just did what it was supposed to do and let off the pulleys because of tension issues as it wore.I highly recommend this belt for both high and lower power engines , equal to , or better than Ford OEM products for my application -LRB- actually , they do n't have one 114 and 3/8 '' long ! -RRB- . The safety aspect of its failure is to be commended . Obviously of high quality construction to hold together after what I put it through . Minimal cracking along the ribs . A strong belt for what I use it for . ALWAYS check your belts . I my case I will purchase a spare 15,000 miles from today.Texas Toad
 We purchased this as a gift for our son in law who loves the Texas Longhorns . He loves the hitch cover . It still looks new after a few months on the road :-RRB- Great product ! Thank you .
 Chrome hood shield was much nicer than others I looked at.Yes I would recommend this item and AmazonVery good to deal with
 Love this chrome bug deflector . It arrived within 2 days and was exactly as described on the amazon website.Fits my truck perfectly and looks good ! Thanks Amazon !
 Got this for my 2003 Chevy silverado 2500 HD ex . cab . with a 6.6 L. All i have in the middle of the truck is cup holders so I thought this would be better then 2 floor mats and would help keep the mat in place . Getting them into the truck was kind of tricky but after i got it in i was happy i went with one mat . The other floor mat for my truck that Nifty sells comes with some cheap hooks that you put into your carpet to hold them in . This one came with tabs on the side that go under the trim of the truck . When i ordered this i did n't know if i would get the cheap hook or the tab . The fit of the mat is great . Thats why it was kind of a pain to get in . The vary top of the driver side is n't 100 % fit but not something that will not bug you at all . I will post pics of what it looks like for my chevy and hope it helps anyone with the same truck .
 They do a great job . the K&N filter itself stays clean a lot longer then without the pre-filter .
 Someone had ordered this and returned . I saved about $ 30 and I am all about savings . It works great and really reduces the glare . Kind of wished I got Dark Grey instead of Black because my interior is Grey but it works just great .
 I bought a used ford truck and both factory mirrors were broken . I bought these and was worried because the price was so cheap for electric mirrors . These are almost exact looking factory mirrors . I 'm very please with the look quality and performance of these mirrors .
 The product was exactly as stated in the ad . It was delivered on the day promised and was exactly as pictured . It was not factory original but it was not advertised that way . It came with instructions , adapters and fit perfectly.Not even a junk yard piece came close in price . I would deal with the vendor again .
 when I ordered the thermostat for the S-10 I was not sure I would need this but when it was all said and done , I was glad I got this .
 Works great in my 2010 Vw Gti . No problems installing or using . Seems to be oem . Good quality part just like original .
 We were very impressed with how fast we received the item . It arrived in excellent condition and fits perfectly . It looks great on the truck . Our shopping experience was excellent with Amazon.com .
 Bought this for my trailer hitch and it looks great . Fine quaility and durable and got it at a great price here on Amozon .
 This had a few difficulties installing . The first issue came from me not reading the directions . There are three sets of clips that come with it . The center clip is longer . -LRB- Again , need to read directions -RRB- Second , you need to use some force to hold this down while installing . You can not do it by yourself . Out of stubbornness I tried for quite awhile.If done properly install should take no more than 20 minutes requiring no more that a philips screwdriver , a step stool -LRB- unless someone is 7 feet tall -RRB- and a second person.However once installed the item works out great . It is a very tight fit , especially if you have the roof rack as well , but it does fit just right . It is barley noticeable from outside the vehicle , but inside at freeway speeds -LRB- tested up to 80 mph -RRB- it dramatically reduces wind noise , even if the window is open or closed . Makes conversation easier and reduces headaches on long road trips.After about 500 miles with this I have not seen any impact on gas mileage .
 Replacement for 2002 Saturn SL1 driver 's side mirror . Fit perfectly , works like a charm . Hope it lasts as long as my car .
 The product works perfectly for me . Mirror is on both sides , I attached it on the driver 's side using the 2 stickers contained in the box . Fit well my 2000 Saturn SL , and it 's steady . Recommended .
 Ordered over the weekend , received 2 days later -LRB- thanks Amazon Prime -RRB- . I was skeptical that the mirror would not fit/stick to my existing mirror mount . The mirror was packaged carefully & came with 2 double-sided tape strips . I was going to wait until the weekend -LRB- warmer -RRB- but I could n't any longer , so I removed the old broken mirror from the housing , cleaned off the dried residue & applied the sticky tape , then pressed the mirror into the housing . The tape was sticky enough & mirror light enough that it stayed in place . The real test comes in the morning when I drive to work , on the expressway . I would hate to have it fall off as I am merging into a left lane ! Excellent buy . This was better than replacing the entire mirror housing .
 This is a great grill guard BUT ! is does not look like the picture shown . The top of the guard has only one bar across the top not two.This is a mistake from Westin , even the picture on the box it came in is wrong . But is still the best made grill guards out there .
 We have lived in NW Arkansas for 5 years and it seems like every year we have power outages due to ice/wind , etc. . We live in a remote area and I 've been looking at generators for the past year . When I found out about this generator , I jumped at the free shipping . It arrived FAST and unscathed and I 'm anxious to see how it works . I relied on previous posts by fellow reviewers for this purchase . I 'm going to try synthetic oil in mine . I hope this proves to be a good investment .
 I have owned this generator for over 2 years now.It is used mainly for Emergency purposes only . I have used it on other purposes as well.I had power outage for 6-8 hours , and this generator worked great . I was able to power Refrigerator , few lights , fan.The generator is n't used often . So I do start it up and run it for 15-20 minutes about 4 times a year.I did treat the gasoline with a product called PRI-G . It starts up within 4-5 pulls . I have never had any issues with it starting up.I did a test run today , after sitting unused for over 3 months . It started on the 3rd pull.It 's not a quiet Honda Generator . It 's basically a China knock off.These generators are called Chonda 's . My only complaint it is slightly noisy for me . Use it in well ventilated area . The muffler is crap.Going to look for way to modify muffler.FYI , You can also convert generator to run TRI fuels -LRB- Gas , Propane , Natural gas -RRB- . I have n't done this conversion , but I did look into it . The cost of $ 200 is holding me back . I could hook it natural gas line at home and would n't have to worry about running out of fuel . My research is that the conversion is easy , but cost $ 200 . Hope this helps .
 I was hesitant to purchase the generator as it has a Chinese AM Pride engine made by the CHONGQING company whereas I was looking for a better known engine such as Briggs and Stratton , etc. . I decided to take a chance on it anyway as I was without power during a October Snowstorm here in CT. . After about 40 hours of run time I am pleasantly surprised . The generator starts easily on the second pull and is very quite . The unit runs about 12 hours on 4 gallons of gas ... pretty impressive . Weighing in at about 100 lbs , it is easy enough to transport in the trunk of your car . The generator has a great feature set ... among these are :1 . Low THD - clean power to power computers and other electronic devices2 . GFCI on the power outlets3 . Has both the 120v L5-30 and the 240v L15-30 twist lock connectors .4 . Wheel kit included5 . 1 year warranty6 . Low Oil light , with Auto shutdown when oil is critically low7 . Voltage RegulationTime will tell how reliable this AM Pride engine is but so far so good .
 Got this generator for after an ice storm . had it up and running within minutes.Pros
 Bought generator about 1 year ago , used it for first time this week thanks to Irene . Since Sunday at 2 am I am running two sump pumps , a refrigerator , a freezer , tv , cable , internet modem , and a couple of lamps , as well as occasional use of espresso machine and grinder , toaster , and charging phones , ipads and computers . The circuits have not overloaded , and it runs at least 10 hours in one full tank with all these things connected . Only downside is noise , and instructions are poor , but using it is very simple . Never had to pull crank more than once , and my basement is incredibly dry thanks to the uninterrupted use of the pumps . Highly recommended .
 This is my 1st generator and I have to say I am very happy with this unit . I had the power go out for over a week due to storms and order this unit and had it delivered the next day . I was able to run a small deep freezer , 65 tv , satellite box , f2 fans , 1 table lamp and charge my laptop as well as blackberry , Droid and I pads all at the same time . The run time was around 10 hours per 4 gallons . Cranked on the 1st pull and never died once . The unit is not to load , was able to talk with another person while standing next to unit . Well worth the money to have in case of a power outage .
 This is the only generator on Amazon that offered free shipping to Hawaii . It starts up easily and does the job . We installed a 6 breaker transfer switch kit that is available through Amazon . This combination turned out to be golden ! The generator has a small footprint , has about the same noise level as a lawnmower , and powers our home security system , 2 small freezers , large refrigerator , house lights , and our automatic garage door system . The price for the capability provided ca n't be beat .
 Arrived in good shape , easy assembly , started 2nd pull . Purchased for camping with our travel trailer . Runs 13500 AC and microwave at same time no problem . Pretty quiet for the money , you can hear the generator running but when you turn on the AC it covers up the generator completely.Edit 4/10
 We recently took this generator on a camping trip.There were two campers to hook to the generator and run.There were two small 5000 btu AC units , but the generator performed well.The only time it struggled was when the AC units compressors started at the same time.Only then did it die and have to be re-cranked , and then start only on unit at a time.The gas held up OK as far as a generator goes.I did notice that while the generator was not in use it had oily substance seeping from the gas cap as the days heat caused pressure to build up in the tank.As far as putting the oil on day one , all i did was tilt the generator to a 45 degree angle and block it from tipping over and filled , replaced the oil cal and set it back on the ground.The main reason i purchased the generator was for the home , but was certain it would preform well at the camp .
 I was uncertain about buying a gas generator for this price . I needed a generator for emergencies and work to far away from the house to use extension cords . This generator fired up with the first pull of the cord ! It is a good small generator for small jobs .
 I overnight-ed it to save my basement from Irene . I knew i would loose power and without my sump pump running , i am in big trouble . Packaging was good , assemble was very simple . But three golden screws drop out from the generator , could not figure out where they came from . May be extras . It started in the third pull and ran all night and saved my basement.These were few issues :1 . The generator would not run without the choke being in on position . It shuts off when i move it to close . Manual says I should gradually move it to close as the engine warms up but even after 13 hrs , it did not work .2 . Fuel Gauge did not work . It is stuck to one side and not operational .3 . Bad customer service . I called 3 times , never got through . on the 4th time went to answering machine . Left message no one called back .4 . ETQ website is useless .
 The generator arrived promptly and in good condition . There was no shipping damage , not even a scratch . The wheel kit was easy to attach . Directions were n't really needed to do this . Only a little common sense is required and assembly was a snap . All wheel kit hardware was supplied and was of good quality . I encountered none of the problems other reviewers have mentioned . After assembly , the next step is to add oil . The position of the oil hole is a little awkward , as others have noted . You either have to tilt the unit , or use a funnel with a hose . I would recommend a funnel which can be very cheaply obtained at WalMart or any auto supply store . I have a pressure washer with a Honda engine and the oil hole is located in a similarly difficult spot , so this is n't unusual . The engine held slightly less than a quart of oil . Next add gas . Easy . The pull cord is also in a somewhat difficult spot , but I had no problem pulling it . Choke the engine , and pull . Mine started on the FIRST PULL ! Eased off the choke and it ran great . Noisy , yes , but no more so than other units I 've seen . I tried several power tools on the generator , a drill , pad sander , and big belt sander . None caused the engine to `` bog '' down even slightly . One hint , the safety on/off buttons located on the plugs were all in the `` off '' position . This took me a minute to figure out but they are easy to reset by simply pushing them in . I let the unit run for about 30 minutes . It is a good idea to flush the gas from the carb . The easiest way to do this is to cut off the gas and let the engine run dry . Overall I have been very impressed with this generator . Operation is simple . There were no noted quality problems , such as loose connections . I believe this is an excellent generator for the price , comperable with `` name '' brand units costing twice as much .
 I purchased this generator to power a small work shop at my house . I am able to run a 6000 BTU AC window unit , radio , 75 watt bulb , and a compressor -LRB- or other power tool -RRB- all at once without a problem . I am very satisfied with this product . It did come with minor damaged when shipped . The spark plug wire boot was shattered and it came with no manual . I was able to rig the wire and did not need the manual as it is very simple to operate . It does not come with oil so be prepared to buy some before hand . My unit cranked on the first pull and has done so every time since . I have about 15 hours on it now with no problems . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 I received this item very quicky from Amazon -LRB- what else is new - they are always pretty fast -RRB- with packaging in very good condition . However , like others have found , the back of the air filter housing was cracked . The manufacturer was only too happy to replace when a copy of receipt is sent via email or fax . This generator is excellent . I have run mine for a few hours with no hiccups whatever . When I first started , it was just one light pull -- stated right up and runs smoothly and more quietly than other generators of this size . We went ahead and put in a 6-circuit transfer switch -LRB- the Generac prewired load manager/transfer switch Model 1276 from Amazon is perfect and pretty easy to install in 1/2 day -RRB- , and chose 6 circuits for Winter power outages . With refrigerator/freezer , gas furnace -LRB- needed for forced air fan , glow igniter , gas safety circuit , thermostat , etc -RRB- , TV , wireless internet , and 3 rooms of lights ALL on and operating at the same time -LRB- including startup on the furnace -RRB- , this generator hardly seemed to notice . It also is very economical on gasoline - best I could find for this power capacity and price -- much better than most more expensive generators . Is it as wonderful as a Honda ? Probably not , but considering the decent sound , great level power , gas ecoonomy and the fact that cost of the generator + transfer switch + licensed electrician charges -LRB- to wire-in and put switch in correctly for sure -RRB- was $ 1400 + less than even the Honda 3000 Watt generator by itself , I feel perfectly fine and happy about this purchase .
 This generator is a well thought out tool . It has all the features I was looking for . Quiet running , large fuel tank , 220vac , clean sign wave , enough power to for my needs . The engine starts easy and runs smooth and quiet . I bought this generator for a backup when the power fails . That has not happened yet , but I am confident that this tool will do the job when the time comes . So much for the pro 's . When I unpacked the generator I found a broken weld on one of the four control panel brackets . This defect did not affect the performance of the generator , but it was a manufacturing defect . I called the customer service number and they made arrangements to have a local repair company fix the problem . This company had a six week backlog at that time . I did some simple math . Six weeks to look at my generator . Then order parts from the Chinese manufacturer . Wait for the replacement frame to arrive . Then get back in line for repair . As I considered the repair process , I thought three to six months was optimistic . That did n't work for me . I decided to fashion my own plastic strap clamp to mount the loose corner of the control panel to the frame and call it good . As I understand it , this sort of thing is not unusual for many Chinese company 's these days .
 Good gen for the money - it will power within it 's range , but ... please tell me why they used 13.5 A breakers ?? One for the 30A line and one for the 20A line . Hmmm ... tried our RV out last weekend and kept popping breakers , started digging into it and found out the breakers are both 13.5 A. . . is this some kind of Chinese conversion that they missed on?I had to run into town , buy my own breakers , and install them to use my RV air - then it was happy.If I wanted to be a dink about it I 'd raise hell ...
 it arrived in 3 days , with regular free shipping via u.p.s. the packaging was in good condition , after inspection everything was good . i did have to do some easy assembly -LSB- putting on the wheels and the handle . -RSB- after adding oil and a little gas it started on the second pull.i am very happy with this generator and all ready have recomended it to a couple of my friends .
 Ordered this item on a Sunday morning . Generator delivered the following Thursday afternoon . Not bad with free shipping . The box was a little beat up which worried me . But the generator inside was close to perfect . Only problem I found was the muffler baffle on the back side of the generator was bent on one side . But this will not affect performance . I agree that the oil fill location is not convenient , but with a 1.5 foot piece of plastic tubing that I already had and a funnel , I was able to fill the crank case fairly easily . Took my time to not overfill it and make a mess . Assembly was easy and went quickly . Generator cranked up on the second pull and engine smoothed out nicely rather quickly . I 'm giving this 4 stars because I have not been able to put a load on the generator yet . So far , am very pleased . I am doing lots of work at a site where a double wide trailor will be placed . There is no power available and this generator will get a good work out very soon . We may have some snow this weekend and the slightest snow accumulation tends to wreak havock on the above ground power network in Alabama . With a new generator full of gas and ready to go , I 'm thinking power outages may not be so inconvenient anymore .
 Great generator . Works just as advertised . It came in very handy when the power went out . It ran -LRB- 2 -RRB- 1500 watt heaters and a few lights with no problems for hours . Kept me from freezing my butt off on a very cold an rainy day . Glad I brought it .
 There were some initial problems with the order . When I placed my order for one unit , somehow an hour or two later the confirmation came back for three . I tried revising the order on-line but was told it was too late to change the order . It took a bit of searching to find the customer service phone number , but once I reached them a very helpful person took care of the revision quickly and cheerfully . The unit also took longer than expected to be delivered . It did come and the only problem I noted was that there was one bolt missing from the handle assembly . That was remedied with a trip to the hardware store . The unit started right away and when I tested it , I was able to run a refrigerator , freezer , and the water pump from my boiler simultaneously without any problem . I then took the refrigerator off-line and ran a toaster oven without a problem . The starter pulley location is a bit awkward but not a big problem . I would also concur with some of the other reviewers on the need for a funnel and tube arrangement for the oil filler .
 The generator works well . Arrived quickly . Started easily . Good value for the dollar . Does not come with a grounding wire -LRB- no big deal -RRB- . To fill with oil , I found it easiest to tilt the unit at about 45 degrees and use a small disposable paper funnel -LRB- homemade from an advertisement -RRB- - this is a one time deal since I only plan on using the generator in emergencies .
 Chose this generator based on price and Amazon reviews . Wanted to partially power my house during an outage . The unit was delivered undamaged . I tested it with a load of a small refrigerator , a small freezer and a lamp and it did not even pause . My only complaint is that the vibration caused 2 front screws to come off . One I did not recover and the other will not screw back in , appears to have been holding something in place behind the main panel . No negative results while running without them though . Would n't mind if ETQ gave a better manual .
 Easy to put together . Started right up . Used it almost continually for about 30 hours when I first got it . It stalled once after running for 20 hours , do n't know why , nothing should have given it a surge at the time it stalled . While it was off I changed the oil and it started right back up and ran for another 10 hours and then we got our power back . Powered a lot more of my house than I expected . Had it for a month and so far for the price this has been excellent purchase . I start it every weekend since and it starts right up .
 I finally got this item.It came with the oil warning light damaged but apart from that everything else looked ok.Assembly took 15minutes . I added oil and gas and it powered right up.The noise level is definitely more than 65db but i can manage.I let it warm for about 5mins and powered up a few items.I later switched on my 1.5 hp Ac with no problem.I had researched and read a lot of reviews before finally buying this generator.I am very happy with my gamble so far.I will update if anything comes up.I recommend .
 Great product , started on the first pull , starts every time . very good geal on the price and shipping . If you live in the country , you should have one . Ca n't say enough about the generator .
 OK , I purchased this a month ago from Amazon . Delivered by the UPS , package was up side down , no manual and all the bolts and nuts dropped around , and box is damaged . Surprisingly the generator was OK with just a little dent on the front panel . I got 20 minute to put everything on , no problem with fueling the oil . Got it turn on in the first pull . However , it was rough . I went to the internet and download the manual to see the trouble shooting . It does n't help much with how you set up the choke . I have to read my Honda Power washer to set this properly . Got 120V and 240V from those receptacles , How ever I do n't put any load on it yet . It 's OK for the money .
 I received this generator and it was not damaged . I can see why others had a different experience , the packing is pretty lacking . I put the wheel kit on and put oil in it and it started right up . I could n't find in the owner 's manual where it said how much oil to put in it so that was annoying - it was less than a quart . I put in a Reliance Controls generator switch -LRB- $ 140 -RRB- on my house and ran a refridgerator , freezer , water pump , and a few lights with it . I also used it to power the air conditioner and a light in my horse trailer . It starts OK . For the money it is a good generator . It 's not too noisy , but it is a little loud for camping .
 Came undamaged and started on second pull . Worked in camground situation well and loudness is a relative thing . Rubber feet are a little weak but cheap to replace . Sitting in garage with stabilizer in fuel waiting for first ice storm/Hurricane of season . When it happens I 'll have TV / Heat / Hot Water / Light / Air Conditioning in bedroom w / window unit / refrigerator for food . More than enough power in homes running natural gas . You 'll need more if your appliances are electric .
 Product showed up without any damage . Filled up with oil and gas and a few pulls later the generator was up and running . I was impressed with the price and value of this item .
 The first generator that was delivered to us was damaged . I called Amazon and they gave me instructions on returning it . They were very nice and helpful . A different delivery service brought the second generator and it is fine . My husband has started it up to make sure it is going to work in case we have another hurricane or whatever . It started up fine and it is n't very noisy .
 I AM VERY WELL PLEASED WITH THE 4000 WATT GENERATOR . WHEN I RECEIVED IT , IT HAD A PART BROKEN THROUGH SHIPMENT.I NOTIFIED AMAZON AND THEY REPLACED THE BROKEN PART.I DID A TEST RUN BY HOOKING IT UP TO MY HOUSE AND IT TAKES CARE OF THE WHOLE HOUSE WITHOUT ANY PROBLEM.A GOOD STORY AND WOULD RECOMEND NOTHING LESS THAN 4000 WATTS . MICHAEL TOMOLONIS ST CLAIRSVILLE , OHIO
 Received this generator in good condition 3 days after ordering ! Some assembly required , which created my first concern - the nuts & bolts supplied had very poor threads - I had to screw them together with two wrenches to loosen them up enough to use . Not a good first impression . On my unit , the 240v outlet is installed at an angle with only part of it coming through the mounting hole . Either the outlet was a little too big or the hole in the mounting plate too small , but the fact that they shipped it without correcting this is troubling . The practical result is the insulating cover that should protect the back of the 240v and the 2 120v outlets does not fit properly and bare terminals are exposed behind the panel . Finally , on my unit , starting was hard initially . Upon inspection , I found the plug wire was loose . Snapped it on and it started easily.This unit is fairly loud , but I started my 6.5 hp Craftsman lawnmower next to it for comparison and the mower was noticeably louder . I do recommend getting a funnel with a flexible neck for filling with oil.It seems capable as rated ; I connected a 1500 watt heater to the right hand 120v outlet and the voltage dropped only 1 volt . On the left , however , it sustained the load , but the voltage dropped to 114v . From studying the schematic , it appears on this generator that the load is voltage compensated on the right outlet only , which is connected to one of the two field coils on the alternator . The left outlet is not regulated , so you want to try and balance your load between the two outlets as much as possible , and connect any sensitive devices to the righthand one.All in all , I 'm satisfied with this generator for my purpose , which is emergency power for my refrigerator , gas fireplace fan and some lights .
 I am a Power Quality Technician for the local power company and I have much experience with electric power . This is one fine generator . I was worried the voltage would be all over the place . I placed a 2400 watt load using a Mega Beast on this and it varied by 1 volt ! Nominal 120 volts . I was very happy . This will work in an emergency to keep the heat on and the beer cold as long the total watts is not exceeded . Recommended !
 I bought this generator for my parents , to keep their fridge and freezer going and allow them run small appliances during a power outage . This unit seems perfect . I like that wheels and a fold away handle are included , and the unit starts easily and is fairly quiet . The only negative comments I have are that the pull start handle is blocked by the front panel , making it necessary to pull the rope partway out and then pull it at about a 30 degree angle to the motor to start it . This is n't a big problem , but over time it might cause the rope to wear faster than if you could pull it straight out . As other other reviewers pointed out , the oil reservoir is nearly impossible to fill without a long , very narrow funnel , but since you may only do this once every few years , again , no big deal .
 UPDATE 9/21/08
 Length :
 The generator seems to be a good value although there might be some reliability issues down the road . The generator started up without too much effort and ran steadily . The engine seems to be solid although the fuel shutoff valve on my generator does n't work properly-the engine with the valve in the off position continued to run . The front control panel is made of very thin sheet metal and had already been damaged in shipping . The electrical plug outlets are attached directly to the thin metal and could over time come loose . There are lots of loose wires hanging in vulnerable areas and might be easily damaged . To fill the engine with oil is nearly impossible without using a very thin long funnel and without a low oil warning indicator checking the level manually could be a hassle . I guess as long as the unit is stored indoors and is treated with care it looks like a really good value overall and I would recommend it .
 PROS
 Eastern Tools and Equipment 3250-Watt Portable Generator #TG 4000EGenerator received one day earlier than expected ; no damage . Great buy for the price at the $ 250 price with no shipping costs ! Starts easily . Another review indicated faceplate was flimsy and would not hold up . Output receptacles , load protectors , and on/off switch are mounted to frame -- therefore sturdy . Faceplate is decorative with descriptions . Exposed wires are as expected ; similar to a car engine ; should NOT be a problem as they are routed properly . Fuel shut-off valve works fine ; generator will continue to run for a while because of residual fuel in the carburetor . Correct shut-down is turning On/Off switch to `` Off '' . Have no clue if robust for commercial applications , but this generator appears great for residential use . Long term use is unknown at this time . So far I am delighted . I looked for several years and finally plunged with this deal .
 I live in Houston , Texas and purchased this product last September before Hurricane Ike hit . I ca n't tell you what a life saver this piece of equipment has been . It was easy to assemble and start . The oil nozzle is in an awkward location but really is n't a problem , just use one of those long funnels . Also I did n't think the pull cord 's location was too bad and since it always started on the first pull it was n't an issue . What I do care about is that it ran for 14 days straight without a break and without a single problem . I ran it for that long because that was how long we went without power after Ike hit Houston . It did shut off once because after I filled it with oil the first time , I let it run for four days without checking the oil again and the built in oil sensor shut the generator off . I just had to refill the oil and then it turned right back on . After that I was careful to change the oil every two to three days . It is loud but both of my neighbors had generators and theirs were a lot louder than mine . Also one side is a lot louder than the other -LRB- the side with the exhaust -RRB- and we positioned that away from the house and with the doors closed it was more of a hum in the background that was n't too bad . DO N'T use this generator inside your house . We never would have done that with the fumes but you would n't believe how many people died in Houston during the Ike aftermath because they ran their generator in their house or too close to the door . I think most people did it because there was a generator shortage after the hurricane so the black market for generators was pretty hot and people had generators stolen off their front porch . We put ours in the back.So what did this little guy do for me ? All at the same time I was able to run :1 - My refrigerator with built-in ice maker2 - A 5200 BTU window air conditioner unit3 - My 52 '' LCD TV4 - My DishNetwork Satellite5 - Several lampsI would also unplug the TV and Satellite and could use it to vacuum the carpets or run the washing machine . I tried to use it to run our electric dryer but it could n't put out the juice so we had to hang our cloths up to dry.As for gasoline consumption , running our window unit and refrigerator 24 hours a day and the others as needed , I calculated that we ran through 7 gallons of gas a day . We had four 5-gallon gas containers and could go three days straight before we needed to start worrying about refilling them.Finally , after we got power back I went and followed the instructions to drain the gasoline out and change the oil . I then went and stored the generator in my garage through the winter . Just this past weekend , with the start-up of Hurricane season , I got out the generator and filled it with gas . Once again it started up without a problem . I put some anti-gumming stuff in the gas and now I feel confident that if we lose power again , we will be prepared .
 Living in Connecticut after this little snow storm that knocked out power in half the state we needed a generator fast . We also needed one that could handle some high demand . This generator powered the pellet stove , fridge and of course television and computers . Fifteen minutes to assemble the wheels and handle . Add 0.6 liter of 10w-30 motor oil , fill her up and she started right away . Works great . A little loud , but the whole neighborhood is thundering with the sound of generators . This is not as loud as some similar ones of similar power . You want quiet spend two thousand not four hundred . Have already recommended this to neighbors . Thank you Amazon .
 Purchased this unit about 2 and a half years ago . Wired the 240v into a switch box for easy shifting the house to generator power . The utility switch box and misc parts cost almost as much as the generator itself , but well worth the ease of use . Used the generator periodically in the past two years for outages that never lasted more than a few hours . . then Irene hit ... we were without power for three days . The generator worked like a charm , could n't be more pleased with it , for the price . The four gallons lasted around 12 hours between fill ups . We had refrigerator , water , lights , TV and toaster oven . When I ran the water pump , shut off most of the other power users , and filled the water tank , and switched back . Everything worked like a charm . Am very impressed with the low fuel usage , some other people around had generators that used much more fuel.Some cons about this unit have been mentioned ... hard to refill oil , but only need to do that once a year , and the pull starter seems to have been designed by a blind design engineer , but they are very minor issues . The generator always starts with one or two pulls.As I recall , I purchased this generator for less than $ 400 . yesterday it was $ 450 . Now it 's $ 568 ... very interesting .
 I purchased this unit specifically because of the advertised capability to support electronics and it does do that ! I have had two previous generators neither of which generated voltage clean enough to keep my computer UPSs happy . I am a bit of a geek and have several computers and UPSs and not being able to use them during power outages was difficult for me . The only thing I wish is that it either had two duplex receptacles or that a duplex-lock receptacle adapter was provided . Fortunately Amazon sells a duplex-lock receptacle adapter for only about $ 9Coleman Cable 09021 12/3 9-Inch Generator Cord Adapter , L5-20P to 5-15Rwhich does the job . I suggest you purchase it with the generator . If I could give this generator a 4.9 star review I would .
 I do n't do reviews , but I read them all the time and this purchase deserves one.I ordered this generator and the recommended cable -LRB- Coleman Cable 01912 25-Foot 10/3 Generator Power Cord with L5-30P Plug and 3-Outlets -RRB- . I ordered this with Amazon Prime the morning after the tornados slammed us in north Alabama , and there were NO GENERATORS ANYWHERE at 800am as 300,000 + people lost power and would be out for 5-7 days . Smartphone + Amazon.com + Amazon Prime = This Generator on my doorstep the next day for $ 7 shipping.it powered a fridge , DirecTV , Fans , microwave , TV , Charged cell phones , cable modem etc. . I used a `` KillaWATT '' to measure the pass thru wattage and I recommend getting that with this unit.You will need your own engine oil -LRB- 10W-30 -RRB- and the assembly was quick to put on the wheels and feet , otherwise it was ready to run out of the box . I also recommend getting a KillaWatt to know what the wattage draw is too -LRB- P3 International P4400 Kill A Watt -RRB- so you can create a power budget . it helped make the generator a great buy
 Great Generator . Fired Right Up out of the Box . Even comes with adapter to use 30amp RV Plug . Pretty Quite . Nice Muffler.Was Damaged in shipping just like everyone else says . Took over a month to arrive . only 2 days with FEDEX Amazon took 3.5 weeks to package and ship . Not sure about that ??? BUT !!!!!!! Could not even run air on my RV . This thing should easily handle 30 amps but it is Circuit Brteakered at 13.5 amps . Pull more than that off it and you pop the breaker . Whats the use of 3200 -4000 watts if it is breakered at 1500watts ???????? I just uped the breaker .
 This item shipped quickly , was easy to assemble , started right up when I filled it with approx 15 oz . of 10w30 oil and unleaded gas . The engine runs smooth ; I was surprised how relatively quiet it was and how easy it was to move around with the handle and wheeling capability . You will need to fabricate a ground line from the generator for safety purposes . It handled my 6 circuits from my transfer switch with no problem i.e. with clean even power . It 's important to note that using the 4 pin 30 amp connector outlet -LRB- L14 30 type -RRB- will allow the generator to balance the different loads . The other 20amp connector outlet does not , according to the generator schematic . In summary , Iam impressed ... great value for the money !
 This is an outstanding generator that only needs a little help in understanding how to use it . There are two things
 For the price , it 's an excellent generator . We have used it to power the house during a recent outage . We plan on using it when we go camping in the woods to run our travel trailer . It 's not a loud generator and it 's easy to operate . It was shipped with some oil in it . -LRB- probably cause it was tested -RRB- Very easy to move around . It 's a plus having 220 on it also .
 I got my generator within the specified time frame and it was in good condition . A few minutes to assemble the wheels and handle and then put in the oil and gas . Started right up with the choke and ran perfectly . Tested the outlets and everything is working properly . The true test , of course , will be operating it in a power outage over a period of time , however , I am very pleased with it at this point and I encountered none of the issues that have been noted by others . It appears well made and no issues noted .
 I bought this generator to run my heater & water pump in case of a power outage this winter . Thankfully , I have not had to use it for that reason yet ; however , I did fire it up and run a 1500W space heater off of it and it seems to work just fine . I like the fact that it can run my computer if needed and that it 'll run 13 hours on 4 gallons of gas -LRB- at 50 % load -RRB- . I filled the tank on the generator and have another 5 gallon gas can sitting around just in case.Just an FYI , that when I received my generator the plastic cover over the air filter was cracked , not enough to affect operation but it 's still worth looking it over when you receive it . I also had a hard time starting it the first time to the point where I thought something was wrong but it finally fired up and subsequent starts have been easier . All in all I think this will serve my purpose just fine . The only thing I wish it had at this price level was something to record how many hours it had run .
 I received the generator in the time predicted by amazon . It was packaged well by the manufacturer with foam protection on the top and the box was banded . The frame shocks were protected from damage with bracket mounted to the chassis . Like other reviews I read it started with 2 pulls of the rope after adding gas out of the box . Since it has started first pull everytime . I use it at my deer lease to run lights and other assessories.I have yet to fill the tank and I ran it for 6 hours two consecitive night with a gallon and half gas in the tank . The noise level for this size generator is low . My 2000w generator had about the same noise level.I have powered up both of my compressors with it . One is a 25-gallon with a 3.5 hp motor , no problem . The other an 8 gal 1.5 hp motor . I am very happy with this generator and would rocommend it to a friend .
 The generator arrived in perfect working order ... no damage and all parts in place . Set up took less than 5 minutes.After adding oil and fuel it started on the first pull . Nice . I ran it for an hour with 1500 watt smoker heater as a load , then changed the oil . For those who remember the days when all engines required break in , I was not surprised that the used oil had that beautiful , swirly , fine metalic gliter and was very dark . I changed the oil again after 5 hours and there were a few speckles and swirls , but much less , just as expected . Then after 20 hours , the last oil change yielded no visible particles and a magnet was only able to collect the slightest trace of ferrous metal . During the run in , four different screws rattled loose and fell off . No problem finding where they went and no issue since.The 13.5 amp breaker might seem strange , but if running at 240 ... 240 * 13.5 = 3240Watts . How about that , just as rated ! I am able to run the 1500W smoker -LRB- 12.5 amps + -RRB- , and still handle the starting surge and run my 7 amp shop vac and a large portable stereo speaker boost system . My Fluke multimeter shows the voltage at 112 steady as a rock . I am more than satisfied.After run in , my only issue is that the handle rattles during operation and probably adds a few dbs to the sound level , but a bungie cord will solve that.As I could by 3 of these for the price of a Honda 2000W and I do n't need silent running , I am more than satisfied with my purchase .
 The generator that I purchased from amazon . com is excellent . when I received it there was no instruction manual , which I wish I had ? Im pretty good at figuring things out so I put it together with no problem . We were going to the mountains the next day so I did not want to put any gas in it and haul it in my camper , so we did not even start it . When we got to our destination I put gas in it and checked the oil , amazingly it started on the first pull and ran all night and was fairly quiet I have no complaints with this unit , thanks
 This generator is a great buy ! It powers my 15000btu ac on my toyhauler with no problems . It lasted 17 hours on one tank of fuel running the ac , tv and lights . The engine is very quiet running and the exhaust note is not bad at all . The noise level is about normal conversation tone . This generator is great for camping and wo n't keep you up at night with the noise ! I am very happy with Amazon and how they treat their customer 's .
 Ordered the ETQ -LRB- TG32P12 -RRB- 4000 Watt Generator last month , shipment was a few days early , assembly was quick w/easy to follow directions . I added the correct amount of oil and when I attempted to fill the gas tank , that 's when the problems started . As I was adding gas , I noticed that it was leaking back out around the pipe fitting that was pressed in on the bottom of the tank . Investigation revealed that the pipe was not properly installed . I called ETQ -LRB- Eastern Tools & Equipment -RRB- , I was prepared for a fight in order to get this tank replaced , but to my surprise all they asked for was copy of the sales receipt , and they would ship a new tank out immediately . I received the new tank in two days , installed it in a matter of minutes , filled it with gas , and started the generator on the second pull . I connected my 8.5 Amp Pool Pump to the generator , started the pump , and did not notice that it loaded down the generator at all . I ran the pump for five -LRB- 5 -RRB- hours , change the oil and notice no metal in the used oil as reported by others . Overall I 'm satisfied with my purchase .
 We encountered an extended power outage due to the 30 '' snow storm in February which caused our sump pump to fail and our basement to flood . The resulting damage and repairs easiliy exceeded $ 25K . We immediately ordered this generator to power our sump pump during power outages . The price was excellent for a generator capable of 3,000 watts continuous . The generator arrived in great condition , assembled in just about 20 minutes , and started without an issue . We 've already used it twice , once for maybe an hour . But last night , we had a 7 hour outage . Without the generator , our basement would have flooded again . We ran the generator for 7 hours , and used maybe 1/4 tank of gas . The generator has started reliably every time , and has run smoothly . I am extremely satisfied with this purchase and I am thinking about buying another . I try to start it up once every week , and I changed the oil for the first time after this outage , which was very easy . The unit is relatively quiet and easy to move . Very easy to operate and maintain . Not a single complaint that I can think of , given the price , quality and performance .
 This is a very good product for the money . I recommend changing the oil frequently until the engine is broken in . I ran it for an hour than changed the oil , I did that twice , than again at 5 hours . The only problem I had is that one of the outlets had neutral and hot wire switched . You can pick up a little tester at a home improvement store for a couple bucks to determine this . customer service never responded to my countless emails about this . It wasnt a big deal to remove the front panel and switch the wires . the only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 is due to the no response from customer service . I sure hope I never need to contact them for any reason in the future ! Great product . also if your going to keep fuel in it , you should add a stabilizer such as sta-bil in order to keep deteriorating fuel from damaging carburetor and inside of tank . You wont be disappointed with this product . I am very pleased with mine
 Excellent product for the money . I use it as a backup generator and it 's always ready and willing ! Starts right up with one pull . Perform good routine maintenance and no doubt you 'll be able to count on this generator .
 What a great generator for the price and free shipping to boot ! Ordered late Sat . and and arrived Tuesday ! You ca n't go wrong with this GEMerator . I was going to purchase the Honda IU2000 and know a couple of people that have them and use w/their RV 's . Liked the fact that they are super quiet but did not like the fact that they would only run 4hrs on a tank of fuel and would not run AC . This generator covers both these negatives w/flying colors and 1/3rd the price ! Not as quiet as the Honda but not at all too noisy either . Do n't get me wrong ... the Honda is a great generator but it comes at a cost.The ETQ 4000 was very easy to start -LRB- 2nd pull -RRB- and purred like a kitten . Put her to the test right away and everything worked flawlessly . I will put it through its paces this coming week at deer camp and will update as to how it performs in the field . So far very happy w/this purchase ! Do n't worry about the ney sayer 's on adding oil and pull cord being an issue . Was no issue at all if you have any kind of mechanical skills . Pulled from box , set-up on work bench and filled w/oil and a little gas , pushed over choke lever and gave a pull . Pulled one more easy pull and she came to life . Was concerned before purchase as to how loud it would be but was very pleased!Happy in Michigan
 This is an inexpensive generator that is perfect for my use . It seems to work fine . Shipping was prompt and I was kept informed of shipping status .
 I ordered this generator from out of state on April 27 , the day after tornados ravaged Alabama knocking out power to most of Northern part of the state . The order was for one-day delivery . I received the unit in less than 24 hours . Kudos to Amazon and FedEx for delivering in less than one-day . Assembly of wheels and handle was simple . All that is then required is adding oil and gas . I did add too much oil and had to drain some out to get to the proper fill level . I used this generator for four days or about 60 hours . The generator ran fine the entire time.This is a very good simple pull start generator . There are no gauges or meters . The plug arrangements support both home and RV use . If you are sure 4000 watts will meet your power requirements , then this is a great generator . However , recommend surge capacity be figured into he power requirements . I had numerous GFI kick-outs due to surges when my refrigirator/freezer turned on . This site has the information necessary to determine your average power requirements
 I 've used this generator a few times now and my only complaint is that it is hard to start after it has sat for a while .
 Who
 This product is compact , quiet , and performs valliantly.It is smaller than most -LRB- Chinese manufactured -RRB- competitive units ; it 's also manufactured in Canada , from which I infer that a living wage is paid to adults in order to produce it.It meets California emissions standards -LRB- while many do not -RRB- . It is reasonably priced , easy to assemble , and has been ABSOLUTELY reliable during the two power failures -LRB- both major Eastern US storms -RRB- in which it has been used to run my sump pump and keep my refrigerator on.The stars say it all
 This was purchased for power outages . I must say it powers my whole house and uses very little gas . You will have to have an electrician make you a plug so it will run the house but at least you can have heat and not lose all your food if you lose power .
 East to start with steady RPM at 3/4 load and 10 + hours of run time . Well worth the purchase price . Appears to be a Honda engine .
 THIS UNIT IS QUIET AND WORKS GREAT.THE PRICE IS RIGHT AND THE FREE SHIPPING IS THE ICING ON THE CAKE .
 Only problem was that the item arrived a month after ordering when I was told it would ship in 2 to 5 days ... Other than that it arrived with no damage . everything went together well . It held almost a quart of oil . I had about 1/8 of a bottle left . Filled the machine with gas , turned on the switch , pulled the rope and it started right up . turned the choke off and it ran great . I thought it was fairly quiet as some say it is loud . I plugged in my 1/2 horsepower air compressor , radial arm saw , shop vac , and overhead light , and it did just fine . All of those items totaled about 3,600 watts . Overall think it is a good product for the $ 299 and free shipping . Hopefully it will hold out for the long run .
 I purchased this generator for emergency use.I moved and sold my coleman 5000 and realized I should not have , so I Started to look for one . I read the reviews on this one and liked what I read , so I am going on their word . I liked the free shiping and it was easy to start and is not as loud as my coleman 5000 , and very easy to move around , and it shiped in very good shape , I am very pleased with it .
 I was pleasantly surprised when my generator arrived in one piece . The packaging was a little scuffed on the edges , but everything inside was in great shape.The prior reviews inspired me to be prepared before I attempted assembly so I bought a flex neck funnel before I assembled and started my new toy.Assembly was simple with the tools included with the generator , with the exception of the nuts on the wheel assembly . But that was easily solved with the 3/4 '' wrench from my tool box . After everything was assembled , other accessible nuts tightened and oil and gas filled , the engine fired on the third pull . Engine runs smooth , but its a little loud . My dad 's Honda is much quieter , but he paid five times as much for his generator too.I bought this to primarily power the a/c unit on my trailer and use for emergency back-up . If you 're wanting something ultra quiet for use in congested campgrounds , this might not be the best generator for your needs . But this will meet my needs very nicely !
 I am very pleased with the generator that I ordered . I am no longer worrying about my basement being flooded . Thanks Amazon
 After shoping around I ordered the ETO 4000W generator a few weeks ago . It arrived quickly and in good condition.Putting on the wheels and the handle was easy . I checked the oil , added about half a tank of gas and pulled the starter rope slowly to turn the engine over and gave one sharp pull . Started right up . I pugged in a 500W shop light which worked just fine . I got this generator to run the furnance , fridg and freezer if the power goes out here . This generator hopefully will not be used much , so I added some gas stablizer to the fuel.I am very pleased . Very good price and works fine .
 PURCHASED IN JAN 08 AFTER A MAJOR POWER OUTAGE , GENS WERE EPA AND CARB CERT AT THE TIME -LRB- 196 CC ENGINE -RRB- , NOT SURE WHY NO LONGER CARB CERT . GENERATOR ARRIVED IN GOOD CONDITION , AS MENTIONED BY OTHERS SOME NUTS AND BOLTS FOR WHEELS AND HANDLE WERE LOOSE IN BOX , ALL WERE THERE THOUGH . PUT IN OIL AND GAS , DIDNT INITIALLY START , FORGOT CHOKE , I 'VE SINCE FORGOTTEN SEVERAL TIMES AND THE ENGINE WILL NOT START WITHOUT THE CHOKE ! WITH CHOKE AND GAS ON , EASILY STARTS 1ST OR 2ND PULL . PUTS OUT STEADY VOLTAGE 118-121 @ 60-62HZ LOAD OR NO LOAD ! SEEMS WELL MADE , ALL PIECES ARE WELL FINISHED AND ASSEMBLED . RECENTLY NOTICED THE AIR CLEANER WAS CRACKED ON CARB SIDE , PROBABLY DURING SHPMNT . CALLED ETQ CUST SERV , FAXED RECEIPT AND TOLD PART WOULD ARRIVE 2 WKS , ONE WEEK WAS PART RECIEVED . REPLACEMENT PART WAS APPARENTLY TAKEN FROM ANOTHER GEN BUT WAS GOOD AS NEW . AS A BONUS CUST SERVICE IS IN USA , SIMPLE , COURTEOUS AND PROMPT . HAVE ONLY USED GENERATOR SO FAR TO BREAK IN ENGINE AND FOR ABOUT A 1 HR OUTAGE , WINTER IS COMING AND EXPECT MORE USE . FOR THE PRICE W/FREE SHPG CANT GO WRONG , ONLY UNKNOWN IS LONGTERM DURABILTY .
 This works great but , is quite loud.I am glad I saved on shipping , cause now , I have to erect a small sound deading shed -LRB- wood with hard board insulation -RRB- around it to hold down the noise.I will make it so the back will be able to slide back and forth -LRB- open and close -RRB- to let the exhaust fumes escape.Still worth the price -LRB- $ 299 -RRB- !
 I was a little nervous buying an item such as this for such a good price , but I am very satisfied with it . Some reviewers had problems with shipping damage which also made me hesitate , but the generator arrived via FedEx with only minimal damage to the box . The generator was free of any damage inside . Wheels and handle were easy to assemble ... just be careful you find each nut and bolt in the packaging material . There was a hole in the parts bag and I found one of the nuts in the bottom of the box . Engine started on the second pull and wow does it run quiet and smooth ! It 's definitely not some cheap , whining sounding piece of junk like some campers may use . Also , the pull rope is not so difficult to get to like some reviewers say . I 've definitely seen worse ... this one was easy enough to pull . I really recommend this generator because of the quality you get for the very small price tag .
 Just got my unit today . I gave it a test with a ac unit and it worked great . The spec 's are not right on amazon . The model is a tg32p12 eastern tools & equipment.Here are the Specs from the instruction book it came with.tg32p12engine type 4 stroke air cooled OHVDisplacement 207 cc 12.63 cu in.Bore x Stroke 70x54 mm 2.76 x2 .13 inEngine rated power 5.15 KVA @ 3600 r/min 7 hp @ 3600 r/minfuel unleadedfuel tank capacity 15.14 l 4 galoperation hours 13 hrs @ 50 % loadengine oil capacity 0.6 l -LRB- 20.3 ounce -RRB- Engine start pattern manual startgenerator type synchronous generatorphase singlepower factor cos 0 = 1.0 ac output voltage 120vac output frequency 60hzac output max power 4000 + - 10 % wattsac output rated power 3250 + - 3 % wattsnoise level 65 db @ 7mweight 48.0 kg 105.7 lbsdimensions 63.5 x54 .0 x49 .5 cm 25.0 x21 .3 x19 .5 in240 volt output.My unit came with out any shipping or factor damage . It start ion the first pull and ran study . Also the receptacles types on the unit are .1 nema 5-20r 125 volt 20 amp gfci duplex1 l5-30r 120 volt 30 amp twist lock1 nema l14-30r 240/120 volt 30 amp twist lock
 Received in relatively good condition . Lower crossbar bent but easily straightened . Nice-looking unit . Instruction manual adequate . Started right up . Choke lever is real flimsy . Seems to work OK , but since I bought it for emeregency use , fortunately I have n't had to use it so far . If it continues to work , it 'll be a real bargain @ $ 299 .
 I acquired one of these a few weeks ago strictly for emergency usage , which will hopefully be rare , if ever used . I expect to power a well pump , furnace fan , lights , TV , fridge , microwave , etc. ... but not necessariy all simultaineously . The ETQ TG32P12 has adequate capacity for this use for my circumstances.The generator was shipped via UPS and recieved within a few days . The shipping box showed some significant wear and tear but no major areas indicating shipping damage . After removing the unit from it 's box , I noticed the generator end had two minor dents to the generator housing and the frame seemed slightly bent . These were both minor cosmetic issues not worth any followup . I am very satisfied with the unit 's overall fit & finish.Adding gas and oil , the unit started the first pull . It is very quiet ! I powered two 1500 watt heaters via the 4 pin locking connector generator outlet -LRB- I had to buy a $ 20 cable to do this -RRB- for about 90 minutes . These loads are close to the unit 's maximum rated output . The generator carried the load properly , reacts to load changes quickly and the output voltage was in the neighborhood of 110 volts -LRB- using an analog volt meter -RRB- . The motor-generator does ` buck ' around some within the unit 's frame when at this load . I was using it in my yard , so it did not wander around any . But it might if used on a hard surface.When I switched the generator off , it continued to run ! I checked the wiring around the switch and noticed a wire had pulled loose from a connector in the wiring harnass . The generator powered down after I plugged this wire back in.I would have preferred an additional 120 VAC GFCI outlet instead of the 3 pin L5-30R outlet . This would provide GFCI protection for both of the generator 's 120 VAC output circuits . A built-in volt meter would be useful . The provided wheels are a small diameter and very narrow ... fine for a hard surface , but somewhat problematic for grass or softer surfaces . I do have some concern for the observed `` bucking '' under load . I suspect this is typical for most generators , but we 'll see what portions of the unit , its wiring harness , etc. shakes loose with usage.I believe the TG32P12 represents a good value for a backup , emergency power role for many home situations . It has adequate power capacity for many items in a typical home . However , it does not have capacity to power things like an electic water heater , electric range , heat pump , central air conditioning , etc. .
 This generator although not as quiet as a honda sure does the job . When I first got it , put gas and oil in it and started in one pull .
 I was happy to see that the packaging was very well done.The generator arrived in excellent condition.After twenty minutes assembling and prepping it , it starter on the second pull.Nice quiet machine.Just hope that it has no problems running for an extended time when needed .
 I have used this generator twice in emergency situations and it has worked flawlessly . Great value for price .
 Great little machine . Started on first pull . As others commented the pull rope is in a poor position as the oil fill hole . But its very smooth ... QUIET ... & appears to be a great generator . The owners manual is a little wimpy but its sufficient to get you going . The handle mounting bracket was bent upon receipt but a few minutes in my vise & a hammer fixed that problem . I wish the gas port had some type of spout as the fuel splashes when filling ... I will invest in a wide mouth funnel to fix that problem . Shipping was free which sealed the deal for me as most companies wanted to charge $ 70 or more . Overall a great deal !
 Got my generator delivered on time as stated . No damage and assembly was quite simple . -LRB- Wheels and skid feet -RRB- . Took a few pulls to start but ran fine after adjusting the choke . I purchased the generator for my 5th wheel that has everything in it including A/C . I turned on 6-8 lights , TV , DVD player and kicked on the microwave and there was only a slight noticeable load on the generator and evened out after about 2-3 seconds . After the microwave finished I turned on the A/C with all the other items running and no problems at all . So far I am satisfied with the unit . Time will tell if all turns out good . Oh yes , I did buy a funnel with a long spout and glad I did ahead of time . The noise level is very acceptable , depends on the individual I guess . All in all I think it is a good buy .
 I purchased my first TG4000 during the 6 days power outage in my area caused by Hurricane Ike 's passing . A previous 1000W Generac refused to start and I was sure it would n't have done much good anyway . I was n't home when the unit arrived and the carton appeared to have been retaped , but despite a few shipping dings looked to be in good shape . Keeping the first experience short ... I think I 'd been sent a customer return . I found the air filter cover broken and twisted out of place , the unit already filled with oil , and subsequent troubleshooting found the spark plug connector broken , and the fuel tank pushed in at the outlet , enough to have splintered the paint under the tank . Never did get the unit to start . Amazingly , Amazon took the unit back without argument.I waited a bit more than a month before deciding that the unit specs and price were what decided me on the purchase the first time , so I order again . Less than 2 days to deliver and I had a much cleaner carton , insignificant shipping dings , a with a small price reduction . Still , I waited nervously for 3 weeks before opening the carton . After a thorough visual inspection , I declared the unit perfect , and proceeded to prepare for the first running . This unit was dry , so I filled the oil , added barely a liter of gas -LRB- unlike the over-eager filling that I gave the first unit -RRB- , set the choke , and prepared to start the engine.I really was n't expecting to start the engine . I was squatting , off balance , and using my left arm -LRB- right handed -RRB- , so I was merely attempting to move some oil around and ensure gas was in the carb . Oops ... despite the efforts of a 10 year old girl -LRB- no slight intended -RRB- , the engine fired , tentatively chugging , growing smoother and quieter with every second . It was such a satisfying feeling . I was almost giddy with delight . I had to run and get the wife for Show and Tell . I have n't had the need to use it yet , and in fact , due to my first experience I had n't bothered to install the wheels and handle -LRB- in the event another unit was going back -RRB- . Nonetheless , the unit is relatively quiet , smooth running , easy starting , and besides generally good looking . As I 've seen in other posts , the fuel gauge may not be working . That was one thing that worked well on the first unit , but with this one it may be that I just have n't filled the unit to the point the float is activated . Aside from that , I 'm prepared for a many years of satisfied , emergency backup power . I had my Generac for over 20 years , so I 'm hoping for something similar .
 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I have not had it long enough to know the overall preformance of the generator.I purchased this generator after researching several from different manfuactures and different reatailers . After reading all the reviews and talking to some of my neighbors I decided to try this one out . It arrived in 7 days with no shipping charges and there was no damage to the carton it came in , as had been described in some of the reviews . Unpacking and assembly took about fifteen minutes . I then checked the air cleaner , filled the oil , you will need a long necked funnel for this , and fueled it up . The motor pull is in an akward location but has a guide so it should not be subject to escessive wear . I then pulled the start rope and it did n't start on the first pull . I had forgotten to close the choke , after closing the choke I pulled the rope again and the motor started right up and ran very smothly . After a warm up I ran my 10 '' table saw , router and skill saw all at the same time . The motor reved on start up but then settled back to a constant speed . It is very quiet for its size , my wood splitter has the same size Honda engine and is far louder . I purchased this as an emergency back up for our home since we live 18 miles out of town and have had several power outages in the past two years . I do n't know the long term endurance of this product but for the price it seamed the best deal around . As we use it more I will update this review as needed , but for now I 'm happy with it .
 The only reason i did n't give it a 5 star is because of packaging . With all the comments about that , you would think they would have changed something by now . But maybe if they did the price would not be as acceptable . This is a good value for the buck . I have only used it twice and have not been disappointed . If it can last awhile , its a 5 star .
 I had a big mix up with my order . After a lot of communication I did receive my generator . It came with a broken motor mount . I tried to ship it back but for some reason they said it could not be shipped back . I assembled it , put oil and gas in and it fired up on the first pull . I have used it at least 5 hours a day for 3 weeks and it still runs great . I have run 2 saws and 1 saw and a 2 hp air compressor . So far it is a great buy .
 I bought this 4 weeks before the big October snow storm in the northeast from Amazon who delivered it within a few days . I was out of power for 9 days and this generator ran 24/7 without any issues powering my furnace , water pump , fridge , T.V. and a few lights . The best thing is that it ran for 10-11 hours on 4 gallons of gas and was quite . I really needed this machine to produce and it never let me down .
 Powered the fridge , freezer and furnace during our recent outage in New England . It did have a tendency to stop running once in a while -LRB- started back up easily though -RRB- . Clearly not a high end unit , but very pleased for the price.Follow up
 This generator worked great when we needed it most . It was our first Generator so we did not know what to expect but there was no surprises . If you plan to connect it to your Circuit Breaker Panel order the L14-30 Receptacle box they are hard to find during a natural disaster and the matching Extension Cord . For the price you ca n't beat it.Pros1 . Wheels and feet were easy to install even came with tools .2 . Small footprint .3 . Started on the second pull , ran smooth out of the box .4 . The L14-30 Receptacle made it easy to wire into main panel .5 . Powered - Direct Vent Boiler/w circulator pumps , Refrigerator/Freezer , 50 ' Plasma , DVR and several lights .6 . Lasted 9 + hours overnight , it would have gone longer but I topped it off anywayCon1 . Louder than I would have liked but not too loud2 . Fedex was suppose to deliver before 3pm but they did n't come until 4:30 had to wait all day .
 Received in good condition and on time . It also had an adapter for the plug . I needed to fill the oil or unit will not let you start it when new .
 Arrived in excellent shape . 20 minutes to assemble and fill with oil and gas . Started right up with no problems . For the money spent , very satisfied . Pretty quiet .
 I have used this generator only a few times but love it -- reasonably quiet - and left it outdoor after a rough winter , needed it , and it started on the second pull - its tough to beat that
 good generator , well built . was used for an outdoor music series , ran small number of lights and a medium sized sound system with no problems . product was also easy on the ears .
 Put oil in it and assembled the wheels . Started on the third crank . Looking forward to using it this rennaisance season .
 I received this generator in a week or so after ordering from Amazon . Unlike some others , I did not have any issues with the physical integrity of the unit . I did of course have worries about the quality control issues after reading many of the reviews . Assembly was very quick and it fired up after about 10 pulls . I have not run it for more than 20 minutes at a time yet , but I connected a couple of loads to it and everything worked as advertised . I will give it 5 starts once I know it is dependable . Maybe I am just lucky that it came in one piece and worked out of the box .
 The generator was delivered on the date expected , there was no damage with the exception of a slight dent to a support bar underneath the engine . As noted in previous posts , you will need a long neck oil funnel . After adding oil and gas it started on one pull , it ran smooth and the noise level is less than a lawn mower . My plan is to change the oil after 5 hours and again after 10 hours . The machine looks and works great , time will tell . A volt and hour meter would be nice additions ... a great unit for the price .
 I purchased this generator for emergency power outage use . It does require some assembly -LRB- put on handle and wheels -RRB- but it only took a few minutes . The 240V outlet on it was angled through the mounting hole also , but it was because the wires to it are just barely long enough and the mounting `` ears '' were bent . I removed 4 bolts to access outlets from the back and bent the mounting ears back to correct this . You should have a funnel with a long spout to fill oil -LRB- I bought one for about $ 2.00 -RRB- . Filled it with oil & gas and it started on the 2nd pull . Adjusted choke and it ran very smooth and is not that loud -LRB- product descripton claims 68 decibels at 21-feet . The box states 75 decibels -RRB- . I think it was a good purchase for my needs , hopefully only have to use it once a year at most .
 I received this generator just last week and just in time for a several-hour power outage . When my power went out yesterday afternoon , my new generator was still sitting in my garage unopened . I opened the box only to discover that there was not a manual or any paperwork whatsoever inside . It was n't too difficult to figure out however . There are two wheels and two rubber feet that need attached to the bottom and a handle that needs attached to the side . That was all of the assembly that was required . I filled it up with 10W-30 oil and then put in the gasoline . It started up pretty easily . -LRB- After I figured out which way the choke was supposed to go ! -RRB- I let the engine stabilize and then plugged in a lamp to make sure that everything was working OK . After a brief moment where my heart sank when the light did n't come on , I realized that the GFCI breakers come tripped . I reset them and viola - light!I connected a 2200sf pellet stove , two lamps , and my refrigerator/freezer to the generator . Of course , when I plugged in the fridge , it stuttered briefly , but it got back on track very quickly.I 'm pretty impressed with it so far!Update following Northeast Dec 2008 ice storm ... -LRB- just two weeks AFTER the previous post -RRB- My power was out for four days . This generator got almost EIGHTY hours of run time . I changed the oil once for good measure but it kept the house warm and the lights on !
 After some extensive searching I ordered the TG32P12 based on the value/price/review ratios found on AMAZON.The gen arrived in about 5 days with no damage to the box . I pulled it out of the box and added the handle , wheels , oil , and gas . It started on the first yank , excellent ! In my opinion , the oil filler plug and pull cord in their offset positions are not as big a deal as some have mentioned in their reviews . I let it run for a bit ... wow , very quiet . The machine itself is satisfyingly styled with a nice blue and black color scheme . I tried to apply power but got nothing . I found that the GFCI would not test/reset . I tried grounding the generator , changing cords , etc. , nothing worked . The GFCI was definitely dead and also while searching underneath I found that one of the engine foot mounts was broken . I 've seen that damage described before in the online reviews . Since it was a Saturday afternoon I knew it would be a day or so before I could get in touch with ETQ or Amazon . I was VERY aggravated but sent off a short note to AMAZON letting them know what my problem was . I clearly stated that the generator ran fine but would not provide power and that a mount was broken . I asked how I could get a replacement or a repair authorized.The next morning I was surprised to find an email from an AMAZON rep stating that he was sorry for the defective shipment and that a replacement had been ordered and would be shipped immediately -LRB- let me mention that in many years of ordering from AMAZON , this is the first item that I had arranged for a return -RRB- . The email also stated that I had 30 days to return the defective item or I would be charged for it . A link was provided in the email to print a pre-paid shipping label when I was ready to send it back . All this made my Sunday better than had been anticipated.Four days later the new generator arrived . This time the box was in tatters but after opening it up with the FedEx girl watching , the generator appeared in top shape with no damage noted . I added gas and oil and also swapped the wheels and handle from the first generator . Once again , it started up with the first pull . The GFCI tested good so I plugged in a weed whacker , held my breath and pulled the trigger ... she ran like a champ.Now that I had what I paid for I had to get the defective generator ready to ship back . While draining the oil and gas I sat down at my computer to print out the shipping label . I ran into a dead end when I tried to open the link to the pre-paid label that had been sent by the AMAZON rep. I was informed in writing that returns on this item were not allowed as law prohibited shipment due to the dangerous liquids involved . So now I had two generators , one working and one defective , and in the predicament of being charged for both if I did n't return one of them -LRB- which was prohibited by law -RRB- within 30 days . The dangerous liquids in my stomach started to bubble again so I got on the phone and called the fine folks at AMAZON . After explaining the situation to a rep I could sense him rubbing his forehead and I even heard him mutter , `` Oh , boy '' . He then put me on hold for about 15 minutes to talk with his Big Kahuna . I had an inkling what was coming and sure enough when he came back on he cheerfully told me that I was allowed to keep the first generator free of charge . He said the second one was shipped in error and I should have been authorized a repair instead . He informed me I could junk the broken generator if I wanted to -LRB- `` yeah , right '' -RRB- . Wrapping this up . The next day I took both generators and sat them side by side . I 'm not an electrician but somewhat mechanically inclined so I took off the front panel and found wires on the non-working model did not match the set-up on the working one . I changed them around but once I fired it up -LRB- using rubber gloves to avoid killing myself -RRB- she still did not provide power nor would the GFCI test/reset . I then used an electrical wire checker and found that the wire bundle coming from the working generator beeped but the wires from the non-working one did not . I pulled off the air grate from the end of the generators and looked at both of the wirings . Sure enough I found they also did not match up . A cable with a -LRB- + -RRB- sign on the non-working engine was in a different location then on the working one . I swapped it around and put everything back together . Fired it up with gloves on , and BINGO . She purred like a champ , GFCI tested/reset perfectly and it powered up my weed-whacker like it was meant to be . Last step was to add a block of rubber under the broken engine mount to support it while running.So now here I sit , with two perfectly working ETQ 4000 generators for which I paid a total amount of $ 349 . I eagerly look forward to waves of summertime black-outs while my gleaming fleet of new generators sit patiently waiting in their backyard shed . Thanks all in part to a lazy Chinese factory worker and the generous folks at AMAZON.com .
 I looked at every kind of generator available . I knew I did n't have the money for a Honda but I still wanted something I could rely on . After reading the great reviews for this Eastern Tools model I decided to take a chance . The price was definitely right for me . The price has since jumped up a little but I still may buy a second one . The box it came it was beat up a little but the generator showed no damage at all . . absolutely beautiful . As many others have mentioned , the pull start rope is totally mounted in the wrong place . My dad and I came up with a simple fix . We just drilled a hole in the front panel and put in a smooth metal grommet . Now the pull handle rests against the front panel and pull very smoothly . . not requiring that weird angle of pull it would have required . It looks great . . as if it came that way from the factory . The engine runs very smooth and is n't as loud as I thought it would be . We have only run a high output shop fan and some shop lights off of it so far with no surging at all . I am very happy with this generator and will probably buy another . Even at the new higher price it is well worth it .
 I bought this generator in late June 2008 while living north of Houston , Texas , just in time to try it out and have it on hand for the hurricane season , and I was so glad I did ! I always shopped around very carefully , and this was the least expensive generator for the output , and with several plug options . It has two standard two-prong 110V plugs with a GFCI -LRB- ground fault circuit interrrupter -RRB- , a three-prong 110V plug , and also a four-prong 220V plug -LRB- I had a heavy duty cord made special with the 220V plug on the generator and used the same style for a new plug I installed to feed directly into my well and house system -RRB- . I suppose if you are using a generator for work or all the time , you might buy a more expensive model that MIGHT perform better or last longer , but this generator was perfect for what I needed . Plus , they offered free shipping , and it arrived within five days of ordering . It was really a great deal!The generator ran perfectly for our needs . I had a new plug installed on our water well and had a heavy duty male-male cord made so I could plug one end into the 220V plug on the generator and one into the 220V electric line to our well . I just kept this generator at our well house , and when the power went off , I could start the generator , plug it in , and cut off the main power breaker at our meter , and the generator would power everything at the well and in the house.This generator sounded like it was a little rough running when it first started , but we never had a problem . It uses a little oil , as the air filter has an oil drip , but this is common ... you just have to have an extra quart or two on hand , and check it once a day if you are running it all the time . Like most generators , it is a little awkward to try to pour into the oil fill hole , and a small funnel is helpful -LRB- I added a short piece of clear flexible tubing to a small funnel , and it worked great -RRB- . I believe it has a low-oil shut-off , so if the oil gets low it will shut down -LRB- to prevent running with little or no oil -RRB- ... at least it did this once , and after I checked and added oil , it ran perfectly.The 4000W model ran our water well , pressure pump , and everything in the house except the clothes drier or air conditioner . It even ran our computers , wireless modems , and the HughesNet satelite internet system -LRB- I also had a small surge-protector & backup power supply that sensitive equipment was plugged into , to prevent any possible surges -RRB- , so we remained connected to the outside world via the internet , even when all other power , phone and cable land lines -LRB- and even cell-phone towers after a few days -RRB- went down . When Hurricane Ike went over the top of us and we were without electricity for a week , I would run this generator for two to three hours three or four times a day to keep the refrigerator and freezer cold , did a load of laundry a couple mornings -LRB- lucky the weather nice wnough to hang it out to dry -RRB- and we would watch a movie during the evening run . Fuel consumption averaged between three and four hours per gallon of gas.I was very pleased with it . It is light weight , and the wheels and handle made it easy to move . And another thing I like is that the nice people I talked to in Ohio were great to send a new air filter -LRB- for a reasonable price -RRB- when I lost mine one a year later . It was a great purchase . -- Nick Sheedy , John Day , Oregon
 I recently purchased this TG4000 generator after spending a week in the dark after hurrican Ike struck Ohio . I was able to borrow a Honda 1600 watt generator that helped with the big items -LRB- fridge , sump pump , etc. -RRB- during the blackout . As soon as the power came back on , I immediately starting searching for a good generator and ended up buying this one . I can tell you , this generator is quieter and has far more bells and whistles than the Honda . Do n't give me wrong , Honda makes great products , but for a generator I found you will pay close to $ 1 per watt for a Honda !! I did a lot of shopping around and most generators for this price wo n't have extras like
 I purchased this generator for emergencies and perhaps the occasional need for portable power . For the price , I have no complaints . This generator does the job . Size , Power , Run-time , Cost , Portability , this generator met all my expectations . During an emergency who cares about a little noise , it 's still quieter then a lawnmower.Most competitors of this size generator charge an extra 50 bucks for the wheel kit , so I 'm pleased it was included.There are some complaints about the oil reservoir location . From my experience , other generators are equally difficult to access . Just tilt the generator against something when you fill the oil.The Amazon Product Description is a little misleading :6.5 Hp -LRB- not 7 -RRB- , and 75 db -LRB- not 68 -RRB- Other thoughts - My generator arrived with some shipping damage . The manufacturer honored their warantee , and sent me the replacement parts without any hassle . So I 'm pleased overall .
 I purchased this generator a few months ago for use on our off-the-grid property.First the negatives which are mentioned elsewhere in other reviews :1 -RRB- the pull cord is recessed behind the support mounts so that it can not be pulled directly out from its housing but rather at a slight angle . Over time this may result in extra wear on the cord and cause it to break sooner than it would otherwise .2 -RRB- the oil fill is located at a difficult to reach location and angle , making it difficult to fill without a funnel , UNLESS , you have a friend tip the unit back about 30 degrees , and then filling is a breeze - just be careful not to OVERFILL.Now the positives :1 -RRB- The unit arrived promptly and in good condition .2 -RRB- Assembly was easy .3 -RRB- The generator starts easily every time
 I read most of the other reviews posted here before buying . Got the generator and unpacked it . As others posted , I checked the fuel line and found it dangling from the gas tank ! A pair of needle nose pliers got it clamped back on to the carburetor fairly easily . As others posted , directions are poorly written and the oil fill is awkward - I jacked the unit up on one side a bit to fill - ended up overfilling . Takes about 3/4 of a pint of oil . Filled tank with 2 and 1/2 gallons of premium gas with Stabil gas preserver - almost completely filling tank to my surprise - tank is supposed to hold 4 gallons ??? Gas gauge read full . Ca n't see how I could squeeze in another 1 and 1/2 gallons . Starting directions mention nothing about setting the choke so mine did not start right up on first 10 or so pulls . After setting choke , unit fired right up . As other posted , not quite as loud as a lawnmower , but close . I plugged in the battery backup that I use for my computer - voltage readout fluctuated from only from 118 to 121 - same as my house current . Have n't had the opportunity to test it during a power outage yet .
 After going through the Alabama tornadoes and loss of power for five days , I took the plunge and ordered one of these . I read the reviews here and on Home Depot 's site and they were very positive across the board . I bought it via Home Depot 's website.So far , so good . It is inexpensive and small and hides away nicely in the garage , starts up on the first or second pull , and seems well made . The manual is a little light on info , but it will do , I guess . There is n't really that much to say about a small engine like this . At the basic level , they are all going to say mostly the same thing.I got the recommended Coleman cable to extend the RV outlet into triple 120 3-prongs , and that cable supplies sufficient power for my refrigerator and small freezer -LRB- 10 amps total -RRB- without a hitch . So that covers the necessities and I still have three outlets left for occasional lights , TV , whatever . I have n't tested the run time but the specs say I should be good for close to two days on one tank , based on my anticipated usage.There have been three times in the last decade where I wished I had generator for emergency backup . There will be more coming , and I believe that I am prepared now.I got ta admit , though , that it was kinda peaceful and quiet , during that outage ...
 I live in Alabama and have listened to my wife tell me for years we needed a generator for emergency outages . I delayed the purchase too long and found myself desperately needing power after the recent tornadoes . I was also at risk of having to listen to a litany of `` I told you so 's '' . I purchased this unit because it could be shipped overnight . From that aspect alone it was a godsend.The unit comes in a box and the only assembly required is putting on the wheels and the handle . This should take approximately 10 min . Unfortunately , my unit had the holes for the wheels drilled in the wrong place on the frame . I called customer service to make sure drilling new holes would not void the warranty . Contrary to others who posted , I found customer service excellent and easy to deal with.The unit started on the second pull and quickly settled in . The unit was in use almost continuously for the next four days powering a couple of circuits of my house through a transfer switch . I stopped the unit for oil changes at the 5/10 and 20 our time intervals suggested in a previous post . The oil at the five-hour change was much dirtier than I thought it should be . The ten-hour change was nearly clear and the 20 hour change was also nearly clear . I intend to change the oil at 20 hour intervals while I own the unit.I have 40 hours on the unit and it has not skipped a beat.On the negative side , I do not believe there is a shop manual for this unit and the owners manual has very little information concerning future valve adjustments , carburetor cleaning/rebuilding etc. . Additionally , I have a sense that replacement parts in future years will be extremely difficult to obtain.Altogether , however , this is an extremely good value . Even considering the good value I think , if I were to do this again without time being a factor , I would consider buying a larger unit with a Briggs & Stratton engine or a Honda . The larger unit could power multiple household circuits at the same time . Additionally , I would know parts will be nearly always available , a shop manual will be printed and there will be many repair shops that can work on the unit if it is required .
 I bought the TG32P12 for an emegerncy generator for a small company I work for . Upon testing , I found this generator is very high quality . The engine is quite and voltage stabilization is very good . I tested it up to 3000W with two 1500W space heaters and Kill-a-watt and it ran good . Fast switch of the load did not change the voltage a lot ; the voltage swung between 122V and 114V . The engine is definitely quiter than other Chinese OHV engine . I have a big box supermarket brand 3000W generator and I ran the two generators side by side . The exhaust noise is about the same , but the mechanical noise from engine is vastly different . Another difference is the height of the generator . The generator head is smaller in diameter -LRB- than other 3000W generators -RRB- and this results in overall lower height of the generator.Although this generator safely powered computers and monitors , some UPS battery back-up does not recognize the generator power and denied to run and charge the battery . I think it is because the frequncy of the generator output is not exact 60Hz . APC Back-UPS did not recognize the generator but Tripp-Lite OMNI UPS -LRB- intermittently -RRB- worked with the generator.And I had difficult time in connecting computers to the generator due to GFCI recepticle in the generator . The GFCI circuit breaker kept tripped . I solved this issue by changing the neutral wiring to floating neutral . You can find many good article about modifying a generator to floating neutral wiring .
 We live in the DC area with a power company that routinely loses power with any weather - snow , storms , etc. . After spending much of last winter in a freezing house , we decided to purchase a generator . Thank goodness we did . We lost power this last time for 4 days , and this generator allowed us to remain in our home . Using extension cords , we were able to heat our family room with a space heater to 70 degrees , had a few lights and TV . What a difference from the last storm . It used about 1/2 gallon of gas an hour . It started easily , was easy to use and made our home habitable .
 After a nasty ice storm blew through Southwest Oklahoma in early February and caused us to be out of power for a few days , I decided it was time to have a generator handy , since it 's safe to say either we or friends would use it . I did some research online and decided on this model as being adequate to power our necessities -LRB- other than central heater -RRB- in case of a lengthy outage.The generator arrived intact ; mine did n't suffer any of the damage or defects others have reported -LRB- broken air filter housing , bad fuel line attachment to the gas tank -RRB- . I pulled it out the box , attached the wheels and handle with the included tools and added just a hair under a quart of 10-30w oil , a gallon of gasoline . After reviewing that everything was where it should be -LRB- choke closed , fuel valve open , switch in the on position -RRB- , I gave the cord one sharp pull and it fired immediately . I let it warm for a short time , opened the choke , and it settled into a very steady , stable thrum . It is definitely loud , so bear that in mind if you 're in a residential neighborhood -LRB- like I am -RRB- , but with the generator outside on my patio and me inside about 10 ' away , the noise was easily ignored . The oversized muffler definitely dampens the sound admirably . A/C power was provided to all of the outlets and seemed quite steady , the generator 's pitch never varied with the load and lights and such attached never flickered , but I was n't running it anywhere near even 25 % load at this point.The one small thing that was wrong was the engine switch . When I flicked it to the off position to turn off the unit , it kept running quite happily . I shut the fuel valve and it died after a minute or so . I checked the switch and saw that one of the wires had popped off during shipping , or was never attached during assembly . They 're they usual spade connections , so it took me 10 seconds to put it back on after I checked the schematic to make sure I was putting it on the right terminal -LRB- there are 2 unused ones on that switch . -RRB- Once I did that , the kill switch functioned properly - the engine will not start with it in the off position and will shut off if it 's operating and you turn the switch to the off position.One of the reviews mentioned changing the oil after the first 5 hours , then at 10 hours , then again at 20 hours , and then follow the maintenance schedule in the manual . This is VERY SOUND advice and I recommend the same procedure.The unit is very easy to handle after adding the wheels and handle . As others have mentioned , you 'll definitely be wanting a funnel with a long neck , or better , a flexible tube , for filling the oil.I am extremely satisfied with this generator , and while I hope I do n't have to use it in the same situation we just got through , I 'll rest easier knowing we have it . Best of all , it 's more than portable enough to transport to another location if a friend loses power and we do n't need it .
 Nice overall product for power loss which occurs here in Mesquite , Nv . 1-3 times a year . Although never longer than 5 hours at most . Easy to assemble wheels and handle . Started right up a bit noisy but who cares when you just want POWER ! I would recommend can not beat price . Keeps fridge , freezer , tv and lighting no problem ...
 I purchased the smaller 1200w ETQ generator several years ago , and was generally pleased with it . This one -LRB- 3250/4000w -RRB- came with a broken air cleaner housing , and a leaking fuel tank . I called ETQ and they promptly sent repair parts . The generator runs good , and is very quiet -LRB- huge muffler -RRB- . I got it to run a 220v water pump , construction site equipment , and my house in an emergency . So far , so good .
 I read all the reviews of this unit . I was worried it was a Chinese unit . No worries . Because I read the units , I knew the pros and cons , mainly starting it . I knew I had to put the wheels and `` feet '' on , which was very easy . I knew you had to have a long funnel for the fuel or to tilt the unit -LRB- generator -RRB- for fueling . I have to say , the reviews were right on . AND I did place the choke in the wrong position , so it took 4 pulls . BUT once it was in the right position , I COULD NOT BELIEVE it started right up . It is quiet enough , although you know it is there . No malfunctions . It arrived on time , missing no parts , absolutely no damage . Had I known , I would have done a video review . And my price was 367.00 out the door , shipped to my door . AND it has a 200 amp service outlet.P.S . I purchased this on Amazon because they honor replacement and shipment .
 I got this as a gold box item in June for $ 330 figuring it would be good insurance against power outage . Well four months later Sandy hit and I opened it up , added oil , gas and it started right up . Its worked well for two days running all day , off at night . Power supposed to be back in 4 - 5 days so glad I made the purchase . Changed the oil after running it the first day . Some metal particulates in the oil . Only problems have been two engine mounting bolts that vibrated loose and a spare nut that appeared which I cant find the bolt for . Spent a few minutes going over the generator snugging up nuts and bolts . Its a good back up emergency power supply .
 When most of Ohio was hit by huge storm on June 29th the whole state was in panick to find a generator . After searching just one morning , I decided to go to my reliable Amazon.com . I found this ETQ at a great price . When we plugged it in we were absolutely amazed at how extremely quiet it is . I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a great product to get the job done .
 Ordered Saturday night , delivered Monday . Great . Up and running now after 3 days without electricity . Handling refrigerator , fans , computers and other small items easily . Would have given it a 5 but the directions for the simple assembly were poor as were the manual pictures and the directions for starting . Biggest issue was it shipped without oil and , not surprisingly , it would not start without oil . After a frustrating 30 minutes or so of not starting , we finally realized that the missing oil was the problem . Started immediately after we filled with 10-30W oil . It should have been mentioned somewhere in the instructions that 10-30W oil was needed and that it did n't come with the generator -LRB- and you had to go out and buy your own -RRB- .
 I was faced with having to buy a new generator after my old one spit the bit -LRB- died -RRB- after 12 years of good service . I am a service Tech for Caterpillar and have been for 18 years . I have been a big fan of Generac for a long time . I do n't usually research things to much but this time I did . After pricing the new generacs and talking to several folks that are using import generators I looked at the ETQ TG32P12 . what sold me was the amount of tech . info that the web site had . my main concern was my a/c unit on my trailer is a 15K BTU . I knew that I wanted a smaller Gen this time so that I could pick it up and set it in my truck . my 5500lw took two people to pick it up . this ETQ advertised 33.3 AMPS That is what I need to run my trailer . All of the other 4000 watt gen sets are only 22 to 25 amps . I almost went to TSC and bought a champion because it was cheaper and I could get it now . I have never ordered any thing from Amazon and at $ 399.00 and free shipping I could wait three days.I ordered on the 18th and got it on the 25th . OK so it took a week . It arrived in good condition and only took 5 minuets to put together . I filled with oil and gas and then I noticed that it was tagged that it was only 27AMPS . Well Ive gone this far so I set the choke and it fired the first pull . I let it run for five minuets or so and the plugged up the camper . I turned on the a/c and it never bogged down and ran grate . I turned on the lights and TV and a fan . I loaded up the little Gen. and it absolutely knocked my sox off and is very quiet . If it will last Half as long as my old Gen. I will be back for another . I am a very HAPPY CAMPER
 The ETQ is a nice little generator . It is quite a bit more noisy than say a honda or yamaha , but it is also a fraction of the cost . It would be questionable if you could use this in a RV area , but for general use it is just fine . I added oil to the unit and added gas and it fired right up out of the box . I check the output voltage and it was spot on . This is a nice alternative to the true sine generators , because it has the true sign alternator .
 I purchased this unit because of loosing power two times last year in Rhode Island.One time we lost it for 6 days . This is a great unit for the money . It arrived in 4 days and in perfect condition . It is easy to set it up and had it running in 20 minuets.I decided to hook it up using a 30 amp 4 prong outside outlet and back-feed my panel.I am using an interlock so that you can not have the main breaker and the generator breaker on at the same time , which is illegal and can kill someone , like a lineman because you will be feeding the grid . So unless you know what you are doing , get an electrician to help you.I actually made my own interlock , I ca n't believe that they want $ 150 for a piece of sheet metal . I like back-feeding because you do not have to run extension cords all over the place and every circuit in the house will be powered . This is the lease expensive way to do it . The other option is to use a Manual Transfer Switch box , but they are $ 400 or more , and you are limited with how many circuits you have . Look both up on Youtube and that will be a big help . You have to be balanced on this because remember you will be able to run your refrigerator , TV , computer etc. and lights . My boiler also works with this set up . The only thing I had a problem with was the gas dryer because of the glow igniter draws a lot . I have to check though , the balance on the panel to make sure I 'm not pulling everything I need from one side of the generator . Remember that the generator is like the electric company , you have two 120 volt legs to it just like your panel has . So when you set it up you may have to move some breakers around so what you are mostly using is n't drawing all the electric from the same side . They actually sell a metering system to see what each side is drawing.I tested the generator and it worked just fine . I only ran it 3 times for totally about an hour . The only thing I noticed that I if after warming up I still could not run it with the choke wide open , I had to close it slightly for it to run at one continuous speed.Other than that I feel that it is very well made , and even though I would love a Honda , I figured for the amount of times I will use it why pay well over a thousand dollars.You also need to consider to have some fuel on hand if the power goes out . I purchased two 5 gal containers and filled them up and put them in the shed . Remember that gas only last at most 2 years , but I only go at the most 1 year and keep cycling it.After I run it a few hours , I will change the oil and make sure there is no gas in so it will be ready to go . Hope this helps you make the right decision .
 I just recived this unpacked -LRB- assambled very easy -RRB- added gas and oil I sware it did not even take a full pull to crank over it runs so quite it seams very well built there are roller barrings on both ends of the crank shaft I love this Generator !!
 The generator was delivered on schedule within a few days after placing the order . IT was easy to assemble the legs & Wheels . I agree with other reviews that the oil was a little difficult to put in and a long funnel would be helpful . I just tipped it on its side and filled it that way . After gassing up it started on the 3rd pull and ran smooth . Not too loud , like a lawn mower . I plugged in my small compressor and it ran without problem . I put some fuel stabilizer in the tank and stowed it away in the shed ready to go when we have the next power outage.Next step would be to wire the 30 amp 220v twist lock circuit in to the house wiring with a manual disconnect/transfer switch to avoid having to run extension cords all over.I would recommend this unit to others looking for 220v @ 30a in an economical value package that will get the job done when the lights go out without breaking the bank .
 I ordered this unit on Tuesday , November 22 and it arrived Monday , November 28 . Considering Thanksgiving was in between , I was impressed with the quick shipping.I had read horror stories about broken parts and poor packaging as well as negative comments customer service , so I was n't sure how bad my experience would be . The packaging was more than adequate , but it still arrived with a broken choke handle . On this unit the choke handle is part of the carburetor so a replacement carburetor would be needed.I went ahead and completed the wheel assembly and removed the shipping braces securing the motor , determined that I was n't about to ship it back . It took several attempts to contact a live customer service person at Eastern Tools , but once I got through I was super impressed with the results . My agent could n't have been more helpful . I received a new carburetor in about a week . They did offer to have me take the generator in to have someone install it , but I told them I was confident I could install it.Knowing that a new part was on the way , I figured I had nothing to lose by trying to repair the broken part . I carefully drilled out the broken pin on the carburetor -LRB- it 's cast aluminum -RRB- and drilled a hole completely through the plastic choke handle . I found a screw in my parts bin that was long enough , placed it through the choke handle and carefully tapped it into the carburetor with a screw driver . Works great ! And now I have a spare carburetor if I need it down the line.After a LOT of research , I bought this generator based on the claim of cleaner electricity for electronics . I filled it with oil ... yes the filler hole requires a small funnel , and gas and it fired right up . Checking the voltage and frequency was next . Without a load it was producing 121 volts and 63hz . I read somewhere that it 's about perfect for no load . I still plan to use surge protectors with my electronics.Based on my experience , I would recommend this generator for anyone needing an emergency backup .
 I was a little worried about it coming with damage after all the bad reviews but it arrived in excellent shape . I did n't want to dish out big bucks for a item I might only use once in awhile during an emergency , $ 400 . seemed like a good deal . I put it together in about 40 minutes and then tested it out . It ran fine , but I only ran it for about a hour . Hopefully it will live up to the challenge of a storm when I need it for Hours . I 'm happy so far.UPDATE - Lost power during the 2012 hurricane and it worked excellent .
 Ok , so I had the generator sitting in my garage for 5 months doing nothing , until Uncle IKE came visit . TG4000 kicked into service the day IKE left and worked like a charm for 48 straight hours without a hickup . What impressed me was how easy it started . I had enough power to connect refrigirator , lights and 1500 cooker with ease . The wheels and handle provided easily installed . The generator is definately worth the price . Other well known national home improvement stores , charge you higher price for a lower watts.Here are some imporvements tha could be made ; 1 -RRB- The sound from the generator engine is relatively loud . The box claims 72 db which I think is probably much higher . 2 -RRB- The unit lacks a guage to see how much power you are using . 3 -RRB- It would be nice to have a socket cover to protect during wet weather . 4 -RRB- The oil valve needs to be better accessible but nothing that a flexible cone from Lowes ca n't solveOverall a great value for your money
 I was actually shocked at how much electricity this generator creates . It managed to power my entire workstation for hours on end , and it 's also surprisingly portable . It 's durable , powerful , and also looks surprisingly futuristic . It 's no wonder why it was suggested to me by a friend . I 'm suggesting it too . Definitely work the money !
 title says it all , amazon prime stinks , DO NOT JOIN !! they cant deliver next day on anything ive ordered .
 We purchased this as a precaution against power cuts in bad weather for two reasons . Firstly my husband uses a non invasive ventilator to sleep with and secondly because we have a salt water fish tank which needs constant power . It is still in the box right now as shortly after delivery I had surgery so I can not lift anything heavy and it is too heavy for my husband to attach the wheels on his own as he is disabled . I have no doubt after reading previous reviews that it will do everything we need it to and more . Will add to this review once we have tried it .
 I PURCHASED THE GT4000 GENERATOR . -LRB- THE 6 MOS . NO INTEREST / NO PAYMENTS WITH A STORE CARD WAS ATTRACTIVE TO ME -RRB- . -LRB- IT 'S CHRISTMAS TIME -RRB- ! . . I SHOPPED QUITE EXTENSIVELY PRIOR TO BUYING ... I RELIED PRETTY MUCH ON THE REVIEWS HERE ... THE PRICE FOR THE WATTAGE OUTPUT IS UNBEATABLE ... ACTUALLY , THE LOW PRICE MADE ME A LITTLE LEARY ... BUT , I RECIEVED IT JUST AS IT CAME OUT OF THE FACTORY , IN PERFECT SHAPE ... NOT A SCRATCH OR DENT ... I AM SO IMPRESSED WITH IT 'S APPEARANCE AND THE REVIEWS OF OTHERS THAT I 'VE DECIDED TO LEAVE IT WITHOUT GAS AND OIL FOR STORAGE -LRB- SAFETY -RRB- UNTIL THIS SUMMER UNLESS I NEED IT BEFORE THEN ... -LRB- Assembly of wheels , etc. , was a CINCH -RRB- . . AT THIS POINT I AM TRUSTING THAT IT WILL RUN AND FUNCTION AS WELL AS IT LOOKS ... I WILL FIND OUT WHEN THE TIME COMES OR WHEN THE WEATHER IS WARMER -LRB- South Carolina -RRB- ... I AM WELL PLEASED WITH WHAT I SEE SO FAR AND HAVE FAITH THAT IT WILL SERVE ME IN AN EMERGENCY ... I WOULD RECCOMMEND IT BASED ON WHAT I KNOW AND HAVE SEEN SO FAR ... . THE PRICE IS CERTAINLY RIGHT , . . ESPECIALLY WITH FREE SHIPPING !!! ...
 one piece floor mat is perfect for my 2001 F150 . color matches very well and the product seems very durable .
 It fit my '99 F150 perfectly , and the color match is almost exact ! I 'm very pleased with this mat - it 's so much better than the cheap `` one size fits all '' mats .
 I have a 1986 Dodge D-250 it was a perfect fit , IT was a pain to get it out of the package but very easy to install .
 This mirror fit my 1986 Dodge Ram perfectly . It was just what I needed , thanks ! With it being an older truck I was n't sure if I was going to find a mirror to fit , but I was fortunate enough to find one .
 Nothing but wonderful the quality and the service provided . The radiator is in good condition and works properly . In fact , i bought an used radiator , for me it 's a brand new one . No difference between a new radiator and the one i purchased . Congrats !!!!
 A bit frustrating to install , as I am less than mechanically gifted , but I was able to put it on in less than 30 minutes and it looks beautiful . Make sure you press down on the weather seal first , and push to forward most position before tightening so sunroof does n't push it out when closed .
 I was torn between buying the OE Honda deflector and the Weather Tech , but reading the installation instructions and reviews by others , as well as the great reputation Weather Tech has , I chose the WT deflector . Also , most Weather Tech items are , I believe , American made , although this deflector says it is German made . It went on extremely easily - it may look like it wo n't fit at first , but as you tighten it down -LRB- slowly -RRB- it will fit perfectly . I am not especially handy , but was able to put it on all by myself . Only two bolts to deal with . Helps tremendously with wind noise and blowing the air over the vehicle , not into the cab . Looks great , too .
 I use this in all my cars , and even my Lawn Mowers.It increases Engine Life , Reduces Friction , Increases Engine Performance and Fuel Economy !
 I just wanted a product that keeped the big debree out of the pleats & getting wedged into the K&N ; filter which @ times is hard to remove.I am sure this product from K&N ; works as advertized . It does not seem to have any restriction of airflow even though w/lab testing equipment you could see a difference.It is actually very sheer material . You can see the K&N ; filter w/the filter wrap installed .
 Great seat - very comfortable on long rides . The seat sits higher and closer than stock on my 2007 Street Glide but it works for me .
 Seat is a lot more comfortable then the stock . Makes long distance rides better and dont have to stop as much to move around .
 Especially older vehicles with the brass radiators and cast iron heads . dissolves that white acid and corrosion and keeps you entire cooling system clean . It works , my 32 year old Plymouth inside the radiator looks almost new , no corrosion , Highly recommended . Also keeps water pump lubricated . Add when changing your coolant .
 Thanks to Amazon , this product which I could not purchase in the United Kingdom became accessible to me . It makes all the difference when looking to maintian cooling components on my vehicles . Outstanding product which exceeded my expectations .
 This product performs exactly as is stated . I used it to remove black from the white aluminum siding and evetroughs on my home . They are white again . When I tried other cleaners nothing happened . This product is wonderful .
 Recommended for all RV 's . Keeps mud daubers , wasps , yellow jackets , hornets , bats , small critters like chipmunks , and birds out of vents . I recommend screens for the refrigerator and water heater , also , for the bugs and flying insects . This helps prevent damage and leads to long term function . A blocked vent could cause a fire or gas problem , as well . Easy to install , fast ship with Prime , great price , and attractive/functional . Highly recommend .
 If you do n't put one of these on your camper you will be paying someone to clean the exhaust and possibly intake on your furnace . These are well worth what you pay considering what you could pay for not having them . I feel sorry for anyone who does n't know better and is n't informed about such a simple fix to such a costly potential problem .
 I have just installed a pair of these bulbs in my 2005 Honda Accord LX . I can not comment regarding durability of this product yet . However , the bulbs , as expected , work as intended , and matched the OEM bulbs in fitting perfectly.If anyone has the same vehicle that I have , DO NOT follow the owner 's manual in replacing the bulbs . The passenger side Low Beam bulb is accessible from inside the hood without moving anything . The drivers ' side bulb is accessible via removing the cars ' battery .
 This is a great , standard headlight bulb that is easy to install and works well . Not much more to say , except that you ca n't beat the price for a sturdy bulb like this one .
 Still going after months of use in an outdoor motion detector fixture . It gets triggered every time my two dogs or the cat uses the pet door , and that 's pretty frequent . Heavy duty , nothing flimsy about these bulbs . Found a good price on them at amazon , and I 'm happy .
 Much cheaper than buying at a dealership or auto store . Was somewhat ez to install , except for inserting it into the harness without breaking the bulb . Been a few months & still working great !
 THEY LOOK JUST LIKE THE ORIGINALS . THE QUALITY WAS ABOVE MY EXPECTION . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE MIRRORS AND THEY SAVE YOU LOTS OF MONEY VERSUS DEALER SUPPLIED MIRRORS .
 Product is well made and looks pretty much identical to the original . However , there is a little bit of a gap between it and the car when attached . I tried attaching it twice ... there 's just not much of a `` snug '' fit .
 I DO have a complaint
 Slammin good seat , made all the difference in the world , stock seat felt like a toy compared to how well this seat is made . Definetly worth the money , wish I did it sooner .
 Product fit exactly as it should , I feel better now knowing my car has a good new quality fuel filter on it .
 The only problem but it 's my fault , is that it does not includes the cradle where you put this thing on ... my bad . . : - -LRB- Everything else , it 's the original , works great .
 They fit well and worked well . They do not wiggle loose . Hand wiring connections will not work , and this loom is plug and play .
 What can I say ... These are the OEM plugs for a 2005 VW Golf GLS 2.0 L gas engine . They work just fine .
 Put it in my jetta 2002 2.0 AZG and the i felt the difference , the idle was smoother , the engine was running better than ever .
 This exhaust is exactly what the doctor ordered . I 'm extremely impressed with the quality and sound that this exhaust delivers . It took me a hour & 1/2 to install it by myself . Everything fit like it belonged on the truck in the first place . I can honestly say that IT gave my truck more performace and it improved my Gas Milage . Thank you Gibson .
 I simply live this exhaust on my Ram 1500 ... so does my girlfriend ... it gave my truck such an aggressive tone and a noticeable amount if power ... I already ordered another to instal in the girlfriend 's Ram
 excellent product and very useful . . 100 % recommended for those looking for a good product and the best is the good price
 Great system !!! I just installed my new Gibson exhaust -LRB- about 2hrs -RRB- on my 2004GMC 2500HD extended cab truck and could n't be happier . I was looking to add some horsepower without adding that annoying sound and drone of some systems . Gibson cat back , dual in/out muffler was the perfect choice . Greatsound and fit using original mounts and the look of the dual polished chrome tips really finished it off . Highly recommend this productGibson 65014 Stainless Steel Extreme Dual Cat-Back Exhaust System
 This exhaust system is WELL WORTH THE PRICE !! The fit , appearance and engineering of the pipes and muffler is exceptional . HOWEVER
 This tool does everything I needed it to . I 'm using it for at-home alignments and it definitely holds the steering wheel steady . If your doing this , I suggest making some slip-plates for the front tires by taking two thick plastic bags and spraying/smearing some grease inside . Then place one under each front tire . This will allow the wheels to turn easier as you make your adjustments instead of trying to turn the steering wheel .
 This does exactly as it says it will do , quick and easy to use for either application and works quick and easy , not a cheapy version !! well constructed . .
 item is as described , it 's quality made , so far it 's holding fine and looks like it will last for some time .
 sure it does have an assembly but its two tools in one , i use the steering wheel holder only , works great , actually it works better than the guys next to me who uses a snap on off the truck one , it is cheaper made but look at the price , like i said works great for me
 The product arrived on time as advertised . I will be using it this weekend for the first time .
 I stumbled onto this tool when looking at other items unrelated and decided it would be an excellent tool to have around and is now that I have it . . Links between different refrigeration systems are easily made especially if you have 134a in the bottle that has the larger threaded nipple . You can adapt it to your acme threaded a/c manifold gauges and charge a system , handy for conversions or easily topping off systems already designed for 134a , allowing gauges to be used once again . . priced right too . . fast shipping as well and packaged so no damage during shipment . Adapts older vacuum pumps to newer systems too .
 No need to toss those R-12 gauges , these adaptors screw right on for an easy conversion to R-134 guages .
 The quality of these adapters look very good . I had no problems screwing on my existing R12 hose fittings to these adapters and connecting to and testing an R134a system . I did n't experience any sort of leaks and basically these adapters made it possible for me to use my old A/C manifold gauge with R12 hoses/fittings on R134a cars . These adapters saved me from having to buy a new set of R134a hoses and R12-to-R134a acme adapters -LRB- which is way more expensive going that route -RRB- . There 's one other feature these adapters have . Once you disconnect the adapter from the AC system , they do n't let the pressure built up inside your gauge come right out . They basically lock in any back pressure so that you can safely discharge the remaining pressure in your gauge via your manifold valve knobs . For example , what I do is hook up the center yellow hose -LRB- the recharge hose -RRB- and let it dangle freely . Once I 'm done checking the system , I disconnect the red and blue quick disconnects from my car -LRB- you do n't see any freon or any hiss after disconnecting -RRB- . Then I take my manifold gauge to some spot outside and while pointing the yellow hose in a safe direction , I slowly turn each manifold knob for the red and blue hoses until the pressure is safely released.This is the first and only set of R12-to-R134a I 'll ever need .
 No complaints - they work fine converting my old R12 gauges to 134a . Nice tight seal . They they have a red and blue stripe color code for high and low side unlike the pictures .
 I have used these twice and they have worked great . I am not a professional refrigeration tech but I reccomend these to anyone . The material seems very heavy duty and the fittings seal nicely . I did not see any leaks around the fittings . I also did a vacuum test on my AC system with these in place and there were no vacuum leaks so these are vacuum tight fittings .
 Good quality , works great ... great price !! Much better quality , easy to install and use ! And help me to solve my air conditioner problem ... . They did a excellent product !
 A good value for the money . Work as stated and seal very well . Hook up to R12 gauge set and function as they would if install on gauge set from factory .
 I did n't buy this set yet , but I have to try to clear up some misconceptions that other users have posted ; specifically in the picture gallery . In the photos with notes , the poster says the rings should be all the way `` up '' when they are disconnected . That is false , these are not designed like compressed air fittings where you retract the ring , press on , then release ring to lock . These are designed to be firmly pressed on and lock automatically , without bothering the ring . You only retract the ring to remove it . Its actually a very effective design that I wish I had on my compressed air hoses . It allows for one-handed operation for installing and removing with minimal pressure loss -LRB- or refrigerant in this case -RRB- .
 I 'm only commenting on the little adaptor that came with the quick couplers but I 'll rate those when I get around to using them.For years I 've been using my R-12 can taps on R-134 cans by screwing the R-12 collar upside down onto the threaded outlet of the R-134 can . The can tap then screws into the remaining threads inside the collar and I 'm able to use my old AC gauges on my vintage Mustang . The last time I tried this I did not have the can tap adequately secured to the freon can and I ended up leaking the entire contents of the can while trying to charge my AC . The FJC adaptor threads right onto the R-134 can tap outlet and I can use my gauges normally . Woohoo ! Get one . You wo n't regret it .
 Used it few times . Works good . Hope it stays that way . Product appears to be well made . Definitely would recommend it for light to medium load work .
 These fit perfect and are well built . They are heavy and provide an excellent seal . I can now use my R-12 / 22 gages with R-134 .
 If you have a set of refrigeration gauges for residential use -LRB- like I have -RRB- this is a perfect addition to allow you to connect to the R134a system on your car . Worked great and appears to be very good quality . I have used it twice now . Fast delivery , low cost , Amazon can not be beat !
 Do n't listen to any negative reviews about these adapters . I 'm in the the HVAC business and when I tell you they work , they work . You have to remember , some people have 2 left thumbs that try to do it themselves .
 Worked as it should . I choose this one over a cheaper one due to a name I recognize in the refrigeration industry and , in the pictures , the fitting looked like it was attached to the body better .
 Item was received as advertised and received in very timely manner . I have n't used it very much but when needed I have the right tool for the job .
 It 's a great product . Got exactly what i ordered . I did the install myself on a 2001 Pathfinder - took about an hour and a half cuz i 'm not really a technical nut but i was able to do it on my own and i ca n't complain about the results . The Kit works great and i recommend anyone to buy it if they want a nice brighter looking headlight beam and also it makes you see much better in the night . Its really just plug and play with a little patience for taking down your headlights and changing the bulbs and installing the wiring - but no cutting or soldering is needed . Great product , works brilliant .
 i am taking the time to tell you that i am 100 % and could n't be any happier with this product . The install was flawless and done in less than 30 min ... i was soo happy with the final results that i went and posted links to all of your H.I.D products on all of the v8 s10 and s10 blazer forums recommending all to go ahead a buy the same H.I.D 's . P.S i am looking forward to buying a set for my 69 Camaro
 easy to install , took only less than 30 minute to install . ultra white color with a little hint of blue .
 The blower motor in my 2005 Chevrolet Equinox was going bad . Occasionally , I would go to turn on the AC and it would n't blow at all . Knocking on the motor under the passenger side glove compartment would eventually get it going , but after a while , even that would n't work . Replacement was very straightforward . 3 screws and a simple wire harness connection . New one has been going strong since replacing it .
 Product was able to fit a 2000 toyota Camry . Have had absolutely no problems with product which was easy to install .
 The bumper fit my 2002 Silverado perfectly , although Amazon tried to tell me it would n't fit AFTER I had made the purchase . Other research showed it should be the correct bumper . Amazon had the best price by far . Came with all the brackets and new plate lights .
 I thought the hardest part of replacing the bumper was getting the old one off , so I spayed penetrating oil on themseveral days before . Then one evening I decided to see if they loosened up - what a suprise !! The bolts all cameloose and I had the new bumper on in a couple hours !! This unit was worth the extra money for all new brackets andbolts - it even came with new license plate lights and wiring !
 I bought this bumper for my 2000 gmc pickup and it fit perfectly . It only took me from start to finish about 1/2 hour . I recommend this bumper to anyone that is looking for a replacement .
 Support brackets are made out of thicker steel.Much better design than the OEM . Very easy to install , assembly prints did n't reflect hardware supplied .
 Winter road salt , etc had eaten away frame structure which caused failure of both rear shocks on my 2000 Silverado 2500 . If that could be fixed I figured I would replace the rear bumper . Frame members were replaced and I went in search of an inexpensive replacement bumber -LRB- on-line used auto parts , the local Chevy dealer , local body shops -RRB- . Would have gotten one through dealer but thought the price -LRB- near $ 600 -RRB- was more than I wanted to spend . The cost of replacement brackets was nearly 1/2 the total . Ouch . Found the Westin 31006 bumper on line . Was a bit uncertain that it was the one for my truck -LRB- part no did n't match up with what I had gotten from the dealer -RRB- but it looked right , I was desparate and the price was right -LRB- the whole package , including all installation brackets , etc was what the bumper alone was going to cost through the dealer and shipping was included -RRB- . I ordered it and received it in a bit over one week . Seemed a bit `` light '' but given the age and current usage of the truck , I 'm not too concerned about longevity . Had the shop that repaired the frame install the new bumper so do n't know how everything lined up but got no negative feedback from the installer . Very happy with finished installation , seems beefy enough . Should last for as long as I expect the truck to be serviceable . All in , I 'm pleased with what I got for the money .
 This looks like a nice bumper . I installed it on a 2007 GMC Sierra Classic Light Duty 4wd W/T with the factory tow package . It 's made in Taiwan , which was not a surprise . The stamping , welds , and `` triple chrome plating '' looks at least as good , if not better , then the OEM bumper I had . The bumper came with all brackets , bolts , and the bumper reinforcement bar , which is welded onto the bumper , so no need to order these parts seperately . You will need to go to the dealership and order the retaining clips for the spare tire crank access door . The only problem I had , was Amazon sent the wrong bumper the first time , looked like it was made for a older Ford truck . One email to Amazon , the correct bumper was sent , arriving in two days , and the incorrect bumper was picked up . No problem , no hassle , typical Amazon customer service . And this was with free shipping .
 My Honda Shadow Sabre Was Never Rejetted After Having The OEM Exhaust Replaced But The Bike Came From Altitude Of Albuquerque To Low Austin And Then The Fuel Was Just Too Lean To Adjust The Popping Out The Exhaust By Carb Adjustment Only . These Main Jets Helped Some But I Still Had To Go Back Into The Carbs And Put In One Size Larger Slow Jets And Then My Problem Was Cured .
 Bike had a bad miss when accelerating . Changing the carb air screws would change the range of the miss . Installed this kit , turned carb air screws 3.5 turns out . Runs better than ever .
 I got this glass cleaner just to fill up a last little bit of an order to get free shipping . I was surprised when it did as good as the Invisible glass product I have been using .
 If you do some research , you 'll find that not all Oil Filters are created equal . Some popular filters commonly sold at many places and highly advertised are not the best according to many tests . Purolator Oil Filters have consistently rated among the best in the industry and cost just about the same as the filters found at walmart , checkers , auto zone , etc. .
 I saw this product recommended on another forum . Having used Meguiars products over the years I figured I would give this one a shot . It works well in between full polish / waxings or cleaning up the paint with a clay bar . Recommend .
 A bit of background
 Meguiars M3401 Final Inspection , 1 Gallon1 Gallon -RSB- -RSB- is a great product to use if you have done any type of paint correction . It actually does seem to surround and lift any remnants of compound before the final polish . It cleans off this debris without creating any new scratches to leave a perfectly clean surface so it can be successfully polished without creating any tracers from what would have been residual compound.If you want a perfectly smooth mirror like show car finish after doing paint correction , then Meguiar 's Final Inspection is definitively the product to use .
 I have never used this product until this past weekend . I use this for a lubricant for Clay Bar application . This is the best product I have ever used . I am sold and will never use anything else for sure .
 Ive used just about every spray detailer out there and this has a noticeably better shine and durability then anything Ive ever used .
 I use this on my car 's finish to remove water spots , dust , etc. . It does a nice job and brings out a nice shine .
 I love this - I call it the `` detailer 's quick-cleaner '' or `` fancy all-purpose windex '' - except do n't use this for glass cleaning :-RRB- . It 's a great way to wipe-over the little things , to see your results quickly.I also use this to remove any residue from polish or wax . It 's a fine product .
 My father in-law got me this several years ago . Use this on your car , and I promise , a fly will not be able to light on it !
 This works on par with mothers showtime spray lubricant and as final once over the car so it 's perfect . Good for using as a pad lubricant when cutting , polishing , and waxing .
 I would n't trust this product to wipe dust off my car -LRB- would be afraid of putting scratches into the clear coat -RRB- but it works extremely well with clay bar.At the end of the day you ca n't go wrong with Meguiar 's , you get what you pay for !
 I have a very unique finish on the tins of one of my bikes ; it 's a triple plate gold with a clear coat finish and for six months I could n't wax it , polish it or generally touch it . Even now I have to be very careful with the products that I use on it , but I 've never had a problem with Meguiar 's final inspection . In fact even when I was n't allowed to wax the finish , I still could use FI 34 to remove dust from the bike . When I do n't have time to wash , polish and detail the bike a quick squirt of this ingenious product and a wipe down with a MF cloth and I 'm on my way . Bike looks new!It lasts and lasts too - although that could because I 'm using it on a bike ! Ultimately , always have a bottle of this in your garage regardless of your vehicle type .
 So easy to use and keeps the car shiney . Could not find it at the car stores so had to go to the internet to find it . We had our 1978 280 Z car repainted and the painted suggest we use it . We plan to put it in some shows .
 I use as this a lubricant when claying a car . Have tried many things including soapy water but , this stuff makes the job so easy it 's almost effortless.Works great for touch up work too .
 Like must people here I bought Final Inspection to be used as a lubricant when applying a clay bar during the detailing process . It worked well for this process but the test for me was using it between waxes and I must say it works well and lasts long . I would buy it again for the price and quality .
 This product was recommended by the store where I purchased my glossy black baby grand piano to use on the finish to keep it protected and glossy . Works like a charm !
 I ordered this after seeing that Schecter Guitars suggested it as a cleaner for multiple finishes on their guitars . I was not happy with the Dunlop products and gave this a try.I am also an auto enthusiast and know the rich history of Barry Meguiar 's products so I knew this would serve me well for the car also.This removes smudges and some minor defects in gloss guitar tops and provides a nice and smooth layer of shine and protection which shoes off the quilt and tiget stripe tops of guitars . I apllied it to a small microfiber towel and used it the same way I would on a car hood and it works really well and is unabrasive.Like most Meguiars products , it is easy to remove the product from steel , aluminum and plastic ifmeeded , which helps alot with guitars . I use it on all of my gloss finish guitars and it makes the mahogany and ash woods shine like no other guitar spray . The same is likely for the car also . My car is black and I will try this after a good waxing expecting to see the same results .
 Great for finish cleaning and polish on so many types of surfaces . Extremely safe for even paint that is still curing . Recommended to me by a very high end modern furniture manufacturer . Use as directed for best results . I 've used it on wood and lacquered steel finishes .
 This product far exceeded my expectations . Used it on my wife 's Mercedes and it has never looked this good . Deep shine , like I 've never seen .
 I bought this item at half of the price of most autoparts stores , and it 's exactly the same part ... great deal !
 very impressed with this exhaust.once broken in sounds great.i am a mechanic took me one hour to install and take old system down.great finish on product.took some polish to really shine it up.system looks and sounds great .
 I was looking for a replacement cabin air filter for my wife 's 2004 Toyota Camry SE , but the dealer wanted nearly $ 30 plus tax . Bought this one here for $ 14 . xx with no tax and free prime shipping . It is a perfect fit , and looks just like the OEM filter it is replacing .
 Good price.Timely delivery . Just like original and very easy to install.Search the internet for instructions on installation.Remove old valve.Clean up hole.Apply some oil or grease on new o ring.Install new valve and your good to go.It 's also a good time to clean out air intake with some spray air intake cleaner .
 So far so good . It is half the price of retail such as autozone and kargen . As a matter of fact , they are exactly the same but sells for $ 24 and I paid half of this.Good buy .
 This was a brand new OEM part , in the box . Worked great . Awesome price , saved almost 50 % from other vendors .
 After doing my research I knew what to expect when I got this unit . The connection is NOT USB . It is RS-232 , which requires an adapter and special installation . The software that comes with the unit is very crude , so you are quire limited in the data collection you can do on your pc . The sample rate , for example , can not be set to a higher frequency than one sample per second . If you are capturing rapidly changing sample values , you are screwed . If you know how to program a high level language with DLLs , it looks like you could write your own code , but who has the time to do that?Fortunately , my need is simple . I only sample from one point every 5 minutes for 24 hours . The meter works great for that , and the data capture is adequate.If you do n't know what RS-232 is , do n't buy this meter . If you need to sample something that varies more than once a second , do n't buy this meter . If you do n't know how to manipulate data effectively in Excel , again , do n't buy this meter.Otherwise , it is as advertised . Solidly build , nice sturdy leads , auto ranging , etc.One of its features is very well protected lead plugs -- deep and double insulated . Which rules out using some of the lightweight , older leads you have laying around.The temperature only reads out in C , not in F. Be warned . But it comes with a thermocouple and a very nice storage and carry case.My final caveat is that there seems to be a new generation of USB meters coming out at about a third of the price of this one . Probably not as solid , but that is what they said about mammals vs. dinosaurs , too .
 A lot of features for the money , nice carrying case . English problems in the manual and descriptions - could have used some editing from an English-speaking person . I used a RS232 to USB converter cable on the PC output and it made PC hook-up painless . I bought that from Tiger Direct .
 This is an excellent DMM at a reasonable price . It has some special features such as RS232 interface and frequency and temperature measurements which are normally found in more expensive DMM models from Keithley or HP . I have tried the data acquisition software with the DMM via COM1 , and it worked fine on windows XP .
 I bought this multimeter when it was only $ 60 . It is a great deal , even at the $ 80 it is listed at now . All of the functions work perfectly , and they all seem very accurate . It has a ton of functions , AND it auto-ranges , AND it comes with a carrying case , AND it comes with the serial cable and software for logging the data on the computer . They just give you a lot of stuff for a good price .
 Using a Fluke at work , but not being able to afford one at home ... . I decided on this meter for what I needed . The display is large , and backlit , the leads are decent quality , mine came with a decent quality hard plastic storage case . I do n't care for the way the battery door locks in place , it just begs to break . The backstand works great , the leads require a good positive seating -LRB- I DO like that -RRB- , and the fuse is easy to access and a common fuse , if replacement is needed . There is a bit of latency between lead application and display , but frankly this is a decent meter , especially in view of the great pricing.The included software is rudimentary but effective , and easy to use.Overall , this is a great buy , and I am very pleased with this meter . It has been fairly heavily used already , and it will do great for me until I can afford a Fluke at home too !
 This is my second openface helmet . The first one i bought for 40 $ , same firm , just with an other colour , but i could n't find a big difference in quality between them . So i think it 's better to buy this helmet and paint in any colour you want . Good Luck
 I give this helmet a 5 Star rating because it 's of excellent quality and price . It arrived on time and really looks good . I like the &#34; Old Fashion &#34; design of it and it fit perfectly which is hard to do On-Line . I 've got a couple of these that I 've had for 15 years and that helped with the sizing . I 've foung that if you save the box and treat it right this will last a long time . I would highly recommend this product .
 Great helmet for the price . My only concern is the awful helmet head I get after riding around for a bit .
 I really like the design of this helmet , it is round but does n't make your head look like a ball . The visor clips in really solidly and does n't easily clip off , I have had issues with this with other helmets . The red color looks really really nice , I am a big fan . Sadly the chin strap does not have a clip on the end , so the extra fabric just hangs there . The helmet is a bit tighter than other medium helmets . I even got a sizing chart from the company and it still does n't fit to the measurements that well .
 Great value . Comfortable . Runs a bit small considering it 's a medium.A little crackly and crunchy when bent , clearly of not the highest qualitySame goes for the inside , but it is plenty comfortable.I bought it as my first helmet , but also considering that I would probably make it a spare in the future . For now , it works , and I use it on my moped.Most people say you should spend at least 400 dollars on a helmet because it is your head . I 'm confident this helmet would do just as well of a job as a 500 dollar helmet in 99 % of scenarios . That one percent could mean your life ... but I guess that makes me a gambler .
 This is a good helmet , at a good price . it fits nicely.The color is good also.I should have ordered the face shield .
 I was very impressed with the fit and quality of this helmet . I had low expectations for a helmet of this price and they were exceeded . I would put this helmet on par with ones double and triple the price
 I ride bikes from the 70 's and prefer the old school look . The color -LRB- Red -RRB- is a real close match to my 1975 Honda CB400F . The finish on the helmet is very good . I bought a medium for my wife and a large for me . It seems a little tight but I can already tell the padding is settling in to fit the shape of my head . Ca n't beat it for the price .
 I just got the helmet in last week , but I took it for a spin and it was very comfortable and pretty true to size . I 'm a female and ordered the medium , but perhaps consider the small , as there is a tiny bit of wiggle room . I bought it for the MSF class and as a spare for when I might need it after I get a bike .
 Direct fit on my 05 Tundra . Love the new look and the sound . Only took about an hour for me to install myself .
 The product is great and exactly matches the previous one I had . The installation was easy . All I needed to do was unscrew four nuts and unplug the wiring harness from the old assembly . Then I put the new light assembly in place , plugged it in and screwed the four nuts back on . I ca n't believe the car place quoted me ~ $ 250 for parts and labor , just to do that . I ended up saving over $ 200 ! I 've had it installed now for over a year with no problems to report .
 The cover was shipped very quickly and was easy to install . It fits perfectly ! Great product at a fantastic price .
 I recently had to purchase a 2009 Toyota Sienna - this model has a very deep cargo well . The third row seats fold down into the well which is nifty when you want to store large things . The cargo liner fits beautifully , which is a good thing when I 'm carrying things that slosh -LRB- think goopy salads and soups for pot-luck dinners across town -RRB- . My only criticism is that you have to take the cargo liner out if you 're going to fold the seats down - I 'm not sure if there 's a way to avoid this while still retaining the ability to catch and hold fluids . Good product , easy shipment , decent price .
 This cargo liner was purchased for a 2009 Toyota Sienna . It fits perfectly and the raised sides will keep most any spill contained . Amazon had the best price on the net for this liner . No need to shop any further .
 Product fitted perfectly . I was not as fortunate with other products from this vendor . I recommend confirming such parts with the dealer .
 I have had the following exhaust setups on my 2007 Mustang GT -LRB- beyond the stock setup -RRB- :1 . FRPP GTA axleback2 . Borla Stingers axleback3 . Magnaflow 15881 catback -LRB- really not from the cats all the way back , instead from the H-pipe back -RRB- The Magnaflows fall in between the stingers and the GTAs in sound level . The magnaflows offer no drone which the Borlas suffered from in the 1800-2000 rpm range . The magnaflows are quiet in town and loud under WOT . Quality is top notch and the mid-pipes are beautifully bent while keeping the full true 2.5 '' diameter and have less bends than the stock mid-pipes . The polished magnaflow mufflers look very nice too.Overall I am very satisfied with the magnaflow setup but sometimes I miss the lovely sounds that came from the Borla Stingers though I never missed the drone .
 I bought these floormats for my 1966 Chevy C-10 pickup . They are heavy , durable , and they have a nice retro look . They also fit perfectly.Buy with confidence .
 Delivering the winch - A whopping 107lbs package but every ounce was worth it ! Love this unitInstalling the winch - Installed it on a Rugged Ridge XHD front bumper with hoop . I purchased the Rugged Ridge brackets for the power plant and winch installation worked great.I was a bit bummed however that the Rugged Ridge hoop no longer fit over the wince . Certainly not WARN 's fault ! Need to have a talk with Rugged Ridge!Wiring up the winch - I was a bit concerned the wires to the battery might be too short - Nope - Ran them up past air intake , along side of wrangler and they reached the battery poles just perfectly ! Wiring took 10minPreparing the winch - Plugged in the remote only to find the remote was missing the Compressor on/off button ! This particular version of remote was only equipped with a reel in/out switch . A small disappointment because the winch was new and box was never opened before , I 'm guessing this packaging mishap happened at the plant . Bummer - HOWEVER - Called WARN customer service next day and was amazed - After a few press 1 press 5 press 2 customer rep answered within seconds - they then offered to send out the correct remote w/o any hassle , nor did they even asked me to return the incorrect remote ! Another + + + Testing the compressor and winch - Winch reals in/out smoothly , like a swiss clock . Heading out 4 wheeling this weekend and hope to get stuck soon ! With a 12000 lbs winch you ca n't go wrong ! WARN rocks !
 highly recommend . i have owned this for about a month . have used it a few times . pulled a tree stump out with no sweat , after choping a few roots . large bush like i was just free spooling , when my quad was sliding all 4 tires when trying to winch with it . do not plan on getting truck stuck . but i have it . and now i have good on board air comp . my old air comp was .9 cfm . this one has 5 cfm . note the point in front of the nine . very nice air supply . if you have a large truck and you find yourself in any back country at all . you need to think about this . and if i still had an f150 i would own the powerplant hp 9,500 . WARN 71801 PowerPlant Air Compressor and Winch
 This like all Warn products is the best quality . I added a Viair 2.5 gal tank to it and it will fill the tank in less than 60 seconds . You could never go wrong buying this winch .
 This product works great and easy to install . Also it was only a little bit over 100 bucks . I recommend this product to anyone .
 There 's not much to add to what you 'll find in other reviews , but this box is very convenient to carry in the vehicle . It 's thin , so it fits behind a standard-cab pickup seat , or under a car seat -LRB- safe to lay flat -RRB- . If properly connected , it 's safe to leave a cable connected from the vehicle to the lighter socket on this unit to maintain its charge . But in all cases , it 's critical to keep the terminal clamp covers in-place to prevent shorting on surrounding metal . And at this price , it 's easily the ONE to buy . I bought mine 4 years ago , and it cost me twice as much .
 This is one of the most useful travel safety tools we have ever purchased ! It is compact , efficient , very easy to use , and works like a charm .
 This is really a great product . It will jump a completely dead battery with no effort . Has not failed me yet ! Good idea to keep on long trips . I bring it to car shows . If you do n't care about all the frills and why would you when you have a dead battery-then this is for you ...
 Shipped from Fox Run Tools . Arrived in 2 days and in excellent condition.Used only once to start a big V8 with a totally dead battery -LRB- car was trapped under snow in NY for more than 3 weeks -RRB- . Car started on first crank . Ca n't forecast how this device will hold up , but it 's already paid for itself . Highly recommended .
 Solid build quality , heavy duty cables and alligator clips and was surprised it has a light to indicate when its fully charged and another light to show when charging .
 I received this battery jumper as a present and I have already used it three times.It seems to have alot of power and is very easy to charge.My jumper also came with the LED lights on the front which indicate when it is fully charged.The male plug on the front of the unit is very easy to use and eliminate the need for carrying around adaptors .
 I needed a jumper for my older Jeep , this fit the bill . Very heavy duty , portable and a good value . Would recommend highly .
 This is a quality battery pack . It is very heavy for it 's size , -LRB- which gives you some idea of the quality of it -RRB- . It is very compact and easy to use . The cables are of good length . I would not hesitateto buy it again .
 I have a car which seems to drain my battery of juice . -LRB- The electrical probably needs a major overhaul -RRB- However , since time and especially money are very real constraints for me , I thought this may be perfect for my needs . I was right . I 've not only used it to jumpstart my car several times , I 've jump started several other cars as well . And I have n't had to recharge it yet !!! -LRB- i 've had it a couple months -RRB- I am extemely pleased with this item and would highly recommend it .
 This product is excellent . Very well made . Metal shell but not too heavy . Thin profile fits nicely behind the seat in my truck . The charge lasts a long time with out plug in . I owned two other units made by other vendors that lost their charge after two years . This one looks like it will last for many years . After 6-months in my truck for a full Vermont winter , I used the power jack feature to power a radio every day for two-weeks in the sugar shack without needing a re-charge . Let it charge for a full 24-hours however when it does discharge to fill it back up .
 If you ca n't start your car or truck with this thing , you have bigger problems than a dead battery ! This unit is one of the most powerful portable battery jumpers out there at 1700 peak amps . That 's almost twice as powerful as many other lower quality competitors.This is not a `` multi-purpose '' unit that you will find at the local big box store . It 's not an air compressor , radio , flashlight , food processor and battery jumper . It 's only a battery jumper , although it does have a `` cigarette-lighter '' style socket to power other items if needed.This is a great product , but consider this before you buy it
 Per the manufacturer , all of the JNC660 's manufactured AFTER May 2010 now have an AUTO CHARGE feature that allows for you to plug the unit into charge and not have to monitor the charging process . This was a very big drawback of this unit prior as noted in one of the 5 star reviews from G.Powers -LSB- Looking for the most powerful battery jumper ? Read on ... , November 21 , 2007 -RSB- However , the other ` dummy proof ' features are still not included in this unit -LRB- reverse hookup and turning off power to the cables during hookup -RRB-
 excellent transaction !!! great battery boosters ! no need for a separate transformer , the unit plugs directly into the wall !! Being the owner of a car dealership , we put these through the test , using them 10-15 times a day , we have had other makes in the past , but nothing lasts as long as these , plus they give you a $ 40 one time coupon in case anything breaks , wheather you did it ot not , they will give you a new one . no questions asked !!!
 The Jump-N-Carry has suprised me with its terrific power output . Also , suprising is the fact that although it was charged 21/2 months ago , I have had not had to re-charge it . It continues to have a terrific charge of power available !
 I have owned the Jump N Carry 660 for six months now . I have two V-8 's and have had to jump them a couple of times with batteries that were so dead , the ignition lights would n't even come one . The cars both had been sitting overnight during a freezing Maine winter night . The Jump N Carry started the cars on the first try . This is a very powerful battery system .
 The Jump-N-Carry products are the best jump starters around . My dad has a used car lot and bought one of these several years ago . He uses it once every few days and it has outlasted 3 of the cheapo knock off ones that I 've purchased in the past . I know they use this brand at some of the auto auctions I 've been to also . They are the Best !
 I bought this because of all the great past reviews , especially from an auto dealer . This unit is already charged up when delivered . I was waiting for the delivery of the Jumpstart to see if this would work on my dead battery of 3 weeks . It worked on the 1st turn of the ignition key with no hesitation . And of course I still did n't take my van in to replace the 10 year old battery after a few days and the van battery was dead again . So I used the Jumpstart once again . It started up with a little hesitation the 2nd time . Instructions say to charge the battery after each use for about a hour but I did n't untill after the 2nd time . Instructions say to charge the battery over night if used more than once . So , it would be better to charge the Jumpstart after each use for an hour , instead of over night after multiple use . There is a test button to see how charged up it is . Unit should be topped-off recharged every 3 months to keep it ready when in need.Not like so many other jumpers out there . There are no light/radio/air pump ... just battery and cigarrete lighter power outlet . The clamps and cables are strong , not flimsy compared to other reviews of other jumpers . My complaint is where to place the unit when in use . The jumper cable is n't long enough for the unit to sit on the ground . It would have been convenient if the cable was longer or it came with some kind of hook to hook up to the side of the van . It is heavy ... about 30lbs . It is tall and somewhat thin , so the unit can not be placed sitting on its bottom somewhere on the engine while connected , keep its balance , you leaving it unattendant inorder to get in the car to start it up . It would have to be laid down on its back . A little tricky for one person . Better to have extra hands if possible . Could be placed in the trunk for emergency , especially in the winter where cold drains older car battery . Much easier compared to calling for a 2nd car for jumping.This unit came with a coupon to replace the battery if need be at a cost of $ 75 . I think I read it somewhere in Amazon from past reviews that it was cheaper like $ 50 . It got a little more expensive . This is one of the more expensive jumpers out there so go by your guts and especially by reviews and how many stars the product gets . I recommend this jumper for it 's strength in power , solid built , great past reviews , and it worked for me ... twice .
 We have one where I work . It worked so well , I decided to get one for myself . After using that one for a while , I got a second one for my other car.It holds a charge for a long time if you do n't use it.I do n't like the charging situation . I know that the worst thing you can do to a battery is to over charge it . There is nothing in the circuit that would prevent an over charge . I use my home battery charger a Schumacher SSC-1500A Ship ` N ' Shore Speed Charger -LRB- which I also highly recommend -RRB- to charge the battery.I also use this jump box to power DC devices . On a recent 15 hour trip I powered a CB radio , GPS , and Cell phone from this unit . When I got to my destination , the box did n't even need to be charged , but I did anyway . I ran the same devices all the way home , no problem.One thing , do n't let this get wet ! I left it in the bed of my pickup truck and it got rained on . Corrosion developed in the switch . The box itself still worked fine , but the meter was n't working . I took it apart -LRB- at the factories recommendation -RRB- dried it out , and removed the corrosion in the switch . It works great now .
 Unlike another product that I tried , this cold-starts my 6-cyl 1990 4Runner from a dead battery in no time flat . Sometimes I have to hook the negative cable directly to the battery node instead of the block.The absence of an on/off power switch was n't as much of an issue as I thought because it comes with plastic covers that clamp on and off pretty easily . The voltometer guage is color-coded , so it is n't hard to figure out when it needs charging.The slim design makes for easy storage , but also means that it does n't stand very well on its own without tipping over . I also would have appreciated an extra foot in the cable length -LRB- 5 ' instead of the supplied 4 ' -RRB- . It feels pretty powerful to carry something like this and not have to hunt down another vehicle for jumping off . I 'm definitely pleased with the purchase .
 This well made and useful product paid for itself within the first week . I had flat batteries in my motor home and truck ; click , click , to place the cables , and vroom !
 Once a battery will not start and need a fast and less work from buying cables , car ! This is the bomb for average jeep cars and so forth !
 I have used Clore 's Jump-N-Carry 3 times this week and my Dodge Sprinter 3500 has started on the first turn of the ignition . I am not sure what is going on with my service van 's battery , but it is reassuring to know that I can get the vehicle started after a job . Obviously , I am going to have my battery checked after the 3rd jump start this week . I purchased the Jump-N-Carry about 2 months ago to be prepared in the event of a late night job or following a job in the country . In my line of work , there are those occasions when a customer is not necessarily around to give me a jump start . In fact , I do n't want customers giving me a jump start following a service at their house or place of business . A 2nd unit was also purchased and placed on another one of our service vans . After the very positive experience with the Jump-N-Carry , I can without hesitation recommend this product . As a side note , when I researched this product , I actually called the Clore Automotive toll free number and spoke with technical representative and they advised me to consider the 2 units that we purchased . I explained that we have Dodge Sprinter 's with diesel engines and they said the JNC660 was adequate with 1,700 peak starting amps . Other units that I found on the Amazon site did not have enough starting amperage . Good customer service as well ! I should also mention that I pushed the test button on the unit after this mornings jump start and I still have over 13 volts of starting power for another jump start . Thanks Clore Automotive for a very good product ... I have 2 other service vans that I will likely buy 2 more units .
 This is a great product . Sturdy , quality parts , attractively designed . With the built-in charger , there 's nothing to get lost , plus the unit can not be overchcarged , so it can remain plugged in until ready to use . 12v outlet is useful for operating an air pump away from your vehicle , like next to the lake where your big tube needs inflating .
 THIS JUMP START BOOSTER IS BETTER THAN ANY SNAP ON , OR ANY OTHER BRAND THAT I HAVE EVER BOUGHT . SEARS IS THE WORST BY FAR . THIS ONE IS EASY TO CHARGE OFF ANY EXTENSION CABLE AND HOLD A CHARGE LIKE CRAZY ... U BUY THIS ONE , YOU WO N'T NEED TO BUY ANOTHER FOR MANY YEARS TO COME ... GO FOR IT !
 Its like having the best battery with you . I jumped a completely dead battery with this unit and I was amazed that it started my car that was siting there for months . And with such power ! Like a brand new battery . The cables were long enough to sit it on the ground when jumping . Highly recommended .
 I purchased the JNC660 jump starter . It is a quality product . Have some large engines to start and this unit easily cranked them . Short recharge time . Should have gotten this long ago .
 I bought this jump starter to replace a Vector Jump Starter that lasted 8 years.Haven ' t had a chance to use it yet but it has held its charge for 2 months and appears to be well built . I chose this one because of its power rating and that it does n't have a light built into it . From past experience the light will turn on from getting bumped or other unintentional causes and drain the jump starter usually at the time when you need it . Seems to be well built but I wish the base was made wider or engineered in a way that it would n't fall over in the trunk . The only other thing that I did n't like is that it is made in China . Jump and Carry does make jump starters made in the United States but they are mostly for Industrial use and are much more expensive .
 I bought this jump box after I was rescued with a similar one at the drag races . I charged it for 24 hours like the instructions said . I put it on my son 's 70 Dart 340 . The battery and car have set for at least 2 years without running . It took a good bit of cranking to get fuel up to the carb , but the JNC 660 worked great and got the car running . I 'm giving this a 4 star because I 've only used it once . If it proves to be reliable long term , I would give it 5 stars .
 After owning 2 other Jump Starters that did n't live up to my expectations , I purchased this one a few months ago after reading the favorable reviews . Today was my first chance putting it to the test . Parked my car at a friends house in early July and was out of the country on vacation for over a month . The car sat for the whole time and when I got there it was completely dead . Nothing . The clore automotive jump starter was in the trunk the whole time , and still had about 3/4 charge . Put it on the battery and decided to give it the test right away -LRB- no more than 2 minutes connected to car battery . The SUV started right up ! I was amazed . Fantastic product that exceeds expectations .
 My Ford Expedition 's battery ran down suddenly just before vacation , so I bought one of these just in case . I 'm glad I did since it ends up the battery was going south . By the middle of our vacation the truck could n't sit more than a couple hours before the battery was drained down . I jump started 8 cyclinder engine at least a half dozen times using the Jump-N-Carry 1700 , and the engine fired up first shot every time . I started the truck several times off the same charge , and it 's still reading green . Yes , it does n't have a fancy air pump , bottle opener , or toothpick , but it does it 's intended purpose VERY well . I plan to get another for our other car before the snow flies .
 I purchased this mainly because my son needed his car jump-started too many times . Jumping his vehicle with another one is , so I 've been told , hard on the alternator of my car . I have used this product several different times . One time , I had to try to jump start a car a dozen times before I could get it to run -LRB- the car is a fixer-upper and badly needs a tune-up -RRB- and this Jump-and-Carry was able to handle all those jump-start attempts on a single charge.The only potential issue is the cables are always `` hot '' so it is important not to allow the two clamps to touch at any time . The product comes with covers for the two clamps , so it should n't be a problem as long as you do n't lose those clamp covers . The clamps are good quality ones that allow connection on the tip or the side of the clamp -LRB- important depending on where the battery poles are located and where you seek a ground connection -RRB- The instructions for use -LRB- for those who are n't familiar with how to jump-start a car - specifically in what order to apply the cables -RRB- are clearly printed on the charging unit for easy viewing .
 I have used it several times at my car lot . No problems.You can not go wrong with this product !!!! I also like the $ 75.00 lifetime replacement price .
 I am certainly no expert , although I believe I know which end is positive and which is negative on my battery , lol . Seriously , I dont know much , but I do know this jump starter has helped me a couple times now . Well , it has helped me once when my battery died completely one super cold night this last winter . Something was draining the battery also , and so it wouldnt hold a charge for a week or so until my step father worked his magic on my car . Up until then , I used this every day to get it going . I have also used it to help a couple people jump their vehicles . By all indications so far , this is a top notch charger , and I am personally quite pleased with it . Also , it really doesnt take up much room in my trunk , and isnt super heavy either .
 After a series of discount and hardware store bargain portable batteries , some of which barely lasted for a season , I decided to try this . Have not had it long , but it simply feels different - solid , a different grade of plastic . It is simple and straightforward . Photos do n't make clear how slim the design is , yet it feels substantial . No , there are not a handful of gadgets - just jumper cables and a DC outlet . The DC outlet is what I use most - backup power for phone , other usb devices when out of town -LRB- in the woods -RRB- . Worth , I think , the premium price.Clore Automotive JNC660 1700 Peak amp 12-Volt Jump Starter
 The Clore Automotive JNC 660 is nothing short of miraculous . I do n't usually write reviews , though I have read and relied on Amazon reviewers for years . Shame on me for not sharing my own product experiences in return ! So now I am shouting from the mountaintop . Forget iPads or iPhones or whatever i-people are the latest craze . The single most useful device I have purchased is Clore 's mobile jump starter . I have a fun weekend car that I sadly get to drive only a few months of the year when the weather is warm . When winter comes , and we spend less time at our weekend house , the car just sits there . And the battery frequently dies within a couple of weeks . But the Clore charger has brought my car back to life . It is so easy to use , even I , who had never myself jump started my own car , was able to do it with just one attempt . You can safely throw the device in your trunk after jumping it , so you can drive the car with confidence after that first charge in the event that you need to jump it again along your way -LRB- hopefully -RRB- to a service station to check your battery . At the relatively modest price , it also avoids having to wait for AAA to jump your car , or exposing some good samaritan 's car battery to potential damage . Just keep an eye on the device while charging it , as there is no automatic shut off for the charger , and over-charging the battery is apparently bad for the device.You will never be immobalized by your car batter again -LRB- unless , of course , you actually need a new one ! -RRB- .
 We have an independent used truck dealer also a automotive service center , we have been using the JNC660 for almost 5 years after going through many other products and not holding up we finally found the JNC660 . We have 3 of them and they seem to get use everyday , i shopped a lot of places and just found Amazon to have them and to have the best price . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 Well I 'm happy to say that after 2 months of owning this jump stater that its worth every dime I 've spent , though I only jump started my Ford Van twice . The 1st time it turned over with ease , but the 2nd time my battery was completely dead and the jump stater had to be fully charged as recommended after each jump start . After a complete charge , I left it connected for 10-15min and it turned over with ease !! ... And I use it regularly to run my portable TV via the handy 12 volt socket ... I would never drive without it again ! ... Highly recommended !
 We have a 1997 Ford Super Duty bucket truck at work , with the 460 c.i. -LRB- 8-liter -RRB- gas engine . The battery had been worthless when we parked it a month ago for repair . I turned the key to see if we even had enough juice to turn on the indicator lights on the dash - nothing . Nothing at all.I connected the Jump and Carry -LRB- JNC660 -RRB- and it started right up , with above-normal crank speed and no drama.Very impressive device if you ask me .
 My wife 's flight was arriving at DFW , two hours away , Monday morning and my expensive Delco 12 v. for my 2011 Tahoe was dead as a door nail on Sunday night . That was the second time I left the cell phone booster accessory plugged in and did n't start the SUV for several days . The first time cost me $ 25 and an hour waiting for the service guy . I wound up taking the other car to Walmart at midnight for a cheap , 3 year , 12 volt battery . But , when I returned from the airport , I went online and purchased this battery charger so that I had some peace of mind . Now , this convenient portable charger sitting in the back of my SUV has been used twice to quickly give my cheap new battery a boost when absent minded me forgets to unplug the booster . It is lightweight , heavy duty and has worked every time . I may get another for the sailboat .
 I went to jump start a car that had been drained completly for a few mounths . I was totally surprized when i hooked up the jumper and the car started like it had its own battery .
 I charged this thing up and jumped my '94 Firebird that had been dead for months due to a short somewhere . The battery was DEAD ! This thing jumped it first time and it was running great . The battery was not so great it turned out . I took it in when it would n't charge correctly from the alternator and the guy said it had been completely discharged . That tells me that just this jump-n-carry jumped my car without any help from residual voltage of the car battery . That is pretty nice !
 I had to start a 3/4 ton chevy truck with dead battery in 10 degree F. I worked no problem and the unit was n't at full charge .
 Is it worth more to me than the price I paid
 I bought mine about a year ago and it is a self-monitoring-charging model -LRB- meaning you can leave it plugged in and it wo n't overcharge -RRB- . It works well and holds a charge very well , I believe mine had dropped to about 75 % after being in my car for 4 + months . It still jumped a co-workers car without any issue . I take it out of my car and let it charge overnight every 3-4 months . I used a load tester and it 's still going strong.I gave it a 4 star because it needs to have a switch to shut off the leads , on this model they are ALWAYS live . -LRB- for safety purposes , no danger of getting electrocuted but there is a risk of shorting the leads -RRB- . I would recommend this over others because of the longevity of the battery , both in terms of life and holding a charge . There are other ones for the same price/less , that have added features like a light or tire inflator , but they have complaints of poor battery life & build quality issues.If you need an inflator get a separate unit , you could even run it off of this , as it has a 12 cig-style outlet .
 This is a very powerful and easy to operate Jump Starter . I 've used it a couple of times and was quite satisfied with how fast it started my car . As a result , I highly recommend it to any potential buyer !
 my jump start go `` s where i go it is fantastic !! no more waiting on the side of the road for some-one or you can help your freinds with out draging out a ton of gear thank you gb
 Have had battery problems with both my cars in the past . Always take this thing with me on long trips . It has more than paid for itself . I have seen it on Gold-box flash deals for $ 99 . That is a steal compared to the $ 139 I paid for it . Holds almost a full charge for over 6 months and possibly more , but I have a reminder on my calendar to recharge it every 6 months or so .
 BIG BLUE !! 10 deg , Dodge Cummins would not turn over . Blue thing cranked it like summer !! Great investment . . Thankyou AMZON for this Gold Box special . .
 My son used this six times in the first month he owned it . It successfully turned over his kubuto diesel tractor in 20 degree weather every time . He is very satisfied . It arrived promplty , in good condition . I think for the money this costs it should have a switch so the cables are not always hot . You could more safely hook the cables up then flip the switch .
 The Jump Starter was delivered on-time with clear instructions provided to set up the initial charging process . Unit is very compactand has plastic covers to shield the alligator terminals . Again , very compact and useful jump starting tool at a reasonable price .
 When I first unboxed this jump starter I had my doubts this thing could do much of anything . After completing a car repair I found my battery was beyond dead . I had no hope for it even working with a jump start . I hooked this thing up and the car came to life with a tap of the ignition key . I was very surprised and impressed at the same time . It 's small enough for me to carry around and help that stranded driver someday . I recommend this to everyone . There are cheaper ones , but I know I can count on this one every time .
 Got a dead Suburban ? Fire it up with this . Mine took all of two minutes to hook up and start up . This unit has the power and worked very well
 I was having power issues with my car , so i needed to have it jumped twice within a week 's span . The the guy from Triple AAA that came both times to jump me had one of these , and he swore by it , says it has never not worked for him . Within a week of buying it , my friend 's car needed three jumps in one night , and without even having had the chance to charge the unit , it worked all three times ! So my limited experience with this unit had been great ! I would definitely recommend .
 I own three packs , one for each of my cars . They work as advertised and have never failed me . Clore makes quality booster packs . I have used all 3 numerous times and have also used the packs to power tire inflators . I own one that has the built in inflator . It also works as well as the 660 . I am happy they have added the battery charge indicator light . Its easier to know when you have gotten to the full charge and you can not overcharge the newer style units . The unit simply can not be overcharged . The ones without the charge light make you rely on the specs for proper charge time . The gauge is good but you can not be 100 % sure you are at full charge unless its a newer style unit .
 Starts any vehicle , far superior to parts/dept . store `` 900 '' amps units that can not handle a really discharged battery . Strong metal clamps are needed for repeated use , the cheap plastic clamps will break .
 Because of the nature of this product , one can only hope one does n't have a lemon or one did n't make a bad decision in the purchase of a product meant for emergencies . So after I received my jumper a few weeks ago , I charged it up and unplugged it . As my Mustang 's Optima battery was found deader than dead yet again -LRB- not nary a light , let alone an alarm -RRB- , I drug this puppy out , hoping against hope . I left this on my battery for ten minutes , then twisted the key and voila ! We 've got power the first time ! * whew * I will say that there is no way that this would have jumped a second car , after being used to jump my V-8 's battery . It took ten hours to recharge this jumper to a green light -LRB- manual says one hour -RRB- . My experience may not hold true for anyone whose battery is n't completely wasted by their car 's insane insistence of checking through things when it is off and its owner is in bed . : - / The Optima I have is a big battery and would take a bit of muscle to charge up enough to turn my car over . Still , if you have a truck with its bigger battery , rest assured this jumper will do fine.EDIT : I have had this now for almost a year . I was able to recharge this after the first time I had to jump with it . After that , it never let me charge it up again after jumping with it -LRB- have jumped with it about 5 more times since the first jump , and all on the same one recharge -RRB- . I had crossed my fingers and hoped it was because it was still in the `` green '' and needed to go to the `` yellow `` or `` red '' to recharge for its protection . Well , after last week 's jump , it was now in the yellow and still wo n't recharge . So I hooked up my LaCrosse charger to this Clore 's DC outlet and recharged AA batteries -LRB- I have lots -RRB- until this was in the `` red '' . It still will not start to recharge . I will have to call the company and see what they will do . The worth of a company can be told when you need their priodeuct to work OUT OF THE BOX and it does . When it does n't , a company 's worth shows with how it deals with its customers and its lemons . It is still in its warranty period , but I am guessing they make me pay to ship it to them , pay the $ 75.00 -LRB- no longer $ 45 -RRB- for a new -LRB- STRIKE -RRB- refurbished thing , and sends me another lemon . We 'll see though . I guess you can see that I am getting fed up with the junk too many companies are peddling and with them making us take all the financial hit when we need the warranty.EDIT 2 -LRB- 02/11/2013 -RRB- : So I had contacted Cloire and they told me to return the item -LRB- at my expense , via UPS of almost $ 40 -RRB- . The lady who answered was quite friendly . However , I never received a my replacement . So after a month I called them . The conversation reminded me of one of those `` rebates '' from some of those tech copmpanies for flash drives . It goes like this
 I bought this device a month ago , just in case . I never had any problem with my car battery , but this morning it happened . I 'm out of town and my wife has killed the battery on her Toyota Camry . This device save me some money and keep me out of this headache .2 minutes and problem is solved.Everybody need to have it in a car !
 Great product , jump start is great , you can use it on car truck or SUV , Would recommend to everyone . Thanks
 Works well , very powerfull and holds charge in a cold part of the country an a life saver in the frozen north .
 Well made and works great ! I see why it gets such good reviews ! It 's nice to have in an emergency !!
 I bought this jump starter for my husband for Christmas . He loaded it onto his ATV to go start something and it fell off and the black clamp broke . I called Clore to order a new one and they told me they would ship me one free of charge !! Wow , I was n't expecting that . Great customer service . It was n't their problem at all that my husband dropped it off his 3-wheeler . And also , it is finally great to have one of these that actually works ! We have gone through several of the cheap yellow ones that work for a short time and then not . Great jump starter !
 The only way to improve on this unit or get one with more poweris to buy a more expensive upgraded version from the samecompany - in other words another Jump N Carry unit . But whybother ? Unless you use yours in some super heavy duty commercialor industrial application this one has you covered , even for large capacitytruck batteries .
 It is everything as advertized . And it arrived well ahead of expectations . I have n't had the need as yet , but have checked to make sure it works properly .
 Have n't had to use it yet but looks like it will work just fine . I love the warranty and the gift certificate towards repair . Not heavy at all and for someone with a bad back jump boxes can be a bit challenging . There were suppose to be white plastic protective covers over the clamps but my box did n't have them .
 Bought this for use in my business , as and auto transporter.Easy to use , comes with a lighter to lighter plug in for charging whiledriving , or it has a male plug for extenison cord to a wall outlet.It holds a charge very good . Just a jump box . that works.this is the second one I 've owned . the other one after fouryears , would not hold a charge.I gave it five stars for it 's easy of use .
 Would highly recommend for every household . A great portable tool that has been used numerous times already . Again , Highly recommend . Thank you
 This Jumper is one of the best i have ever had it work perfect and it is very powerful.i am highly recommending to buy it .
 Received this jump box and plugged it in to do an initial charge , but it was already fully charged ! Used it to jump an ATV and it worked perfectly . I have had to use it a couple times on vehicles since receiving it and only plugged it in once . Still has plenty of power to jump everything I 've needed it for.Time will tell if it continues to work the same way over a long period , but I 'm optimistic .
 I love this jump starter . I bought this device to prepare for the cold winter because my Odyssey had trouble starting the engine . The first time I used it , it made me smile . The vehicle started right away ! No long cable or trying to get someone to give me a jump . That is important when I am traveling . Now I know my trusty friend is alway traveling with me . I highly recommend the JNC660 Jump Starter . I used my fullly charged unit twice , and the gauge needle barely moved from the green area , which indicating the device is fully charged . So , do yourself a favor , buy this jumper . A very good investment and peace of mind .
 it arrived sooner than expected . my husband and son I have already used it severals times and it works like a charm .
 This is top of the line jumper if you follow the instruction . it has NO MEMORY EFFECT , which is great . you just keep it charged and it will stay with you for years . My mechanic has it . and i said i should have one . it will jump Car and SUVs with no problem , if you have no other technical problems . guys this is a professional tool and they made it for mechanic shops . but people who want to have the best can use it and it is great . Amazon price was the best and shipping was fast and on time . i am happy with it . DONT FORGET TO CHARGE IT AFTER EACH TIME USE .
 Great power source . Jumps cars and ran my sons DVD player for 6 hrs on a fishing trip and still had 25 % power . Thanks
 I am a car dealer and this is the 2nd one we have bought . We use them every day we are open and take them to the auctions when we go to get cars , no problem starting the vehicle if it is just a dead battery.Our 1st one is 4 years old and still works Great ! Highly recommended . We also have a 12-24 volt booster box for the big trucks , dozers and about anything else that needs it .
 This item is great to have if you transport cars . It 's a great alternative to using jumper cables . Just make sure that you check the charge status every once and while as it does loose charge over time -LRB- and in colder climates -RRB- .
 I could not believe how quickly this product came . It took only 2 business days . I have n't used the item but from all the reviews I 'm sure it will perform superior . After making sure it is fully charged I will keep it in my car for emergencies . I am very pleased with this product .
 It 's been about three monthes since I purchased this jump starter pack and I finally got to use it . I had to use it on a school bus with a diesel engine in very cold weather . Now , the batteries were not completely drained but they were close , so I hooked up the jumper pack and it supplied enough power to turn the engine over with no problem . It actually started like there were new batteries in the bus . This was a very good buy .
 I bought two of these for my 2 sons for Christmas and one has alreadyused it on his Co. car and he said it started with ease right away.I think they are designed with enough reserve power to start aboutany automobile there is . Seems to be a great product.Thanks Amazon .
 I can see this product is very well constructed and is quite heavy which is actually a good indication of a quality product.It is just what is needed to jump several batteries if needed . I keep it on my boat often . I thing it is an excellent product not cheaply made like others .
 If you 're really serious about a professional-grade jumper battery at a GREAT price , do n't even consider anything else . I own a Porsche Carrera , which absolutely will NOT start using the cute little jumper batteries from Pep Boys , Wal-Mart , etc. . I totally wasted my money and time with those . This is the real deal . The Clore unit weighs twice what lesser batteries do , is built like a tank and holds it 's charge for a long , long time . The cranking power is amazing . You WILL be pleased !!
 Already used 20-30 times . Has n't needed a charge yet ! Starts any car truck up first try . Buy it and see for yourself !
 It is well made and holds a charge , I keep it in my trunk for emergencies . Instructions are pretty good too .
 Bought 2 for christmas gifts for my sons . They loved them ! It is rated very good . They use it for their trucks .
 Have n't used it yet ... but my husband has the same one at work and they have had it awhile . He says it works great and is very sturdy and he works in a profession where they have to use it often .
 Great product and much better than what I was using before . Very Satisfied . Excellent value for the price . A must have
 I had this saved in my watch list for quite some time and decided to pull the trigger when Amazon put it on lightning deal . While i have n't used it to jump any thing yet , I will say that this is a heavy duty unit . It came fully charged and I like the fact that it does n't have all the frills like a compressor/flashlight/radio , etc. . It is purpose built for jump starting , period ! I do wish they would incorporate an overcharge circuit so you could just plug it in and forget about it . But , thats one small gripe and not really a big issue for me . Now I have one , hopefully I never need to use it !
 Beware that this item , if it comes to you defective , can not be returned to Amazon because it is a battery . You have to send it to Clore and this is at your expense . In my case , the charging light did n't come on , meaning that it was not charging . Amazon finally came through for me , but I had to send the first one to my battery recycling asset in my village . When it works , it is fine , but quality control needs to be stepped up .
 Clore Automotive JNC660 Jump-N-Carry 1,700 Peak Amp 12-Volt Jump StarterI received my JNC660 today and put it on charge . My son has one that has Grip Guards as mentioned in the owners manual . I would like to know how come mine did not come supplied with them and how can I get a set of them . I plan on carrying the jump starter in my car and would like to have the guards as added protection from things that end up bouncing around in my trunk.thanks
 Best jump pack I 've had yet ! Very reliable and durable ! Would recommend to anyone , especially if you use one as often as I do ! I am in the car business and am forever fighting with car batteries .
 bought as christmas gifts was put to use within 24 hr performed better then expeted , built-in chahger for battery pak is a great feature .
 Just received my 2nd unit -LRB- for emergency backup -RRB- . First off , the first one I have is similar to the other photo that a customer posted here , that contain the `` white grip guards '' . The NEWER models do not have the white covers because the teeth of the grips are recessed -LRB- per customer service technical support -RRB- , and ca n't make contact with metal or anything to short them out . I purchased my first unit this summer , and now the new models are out with the upgraded recessed grips . Personally , I still like the one with the grip covers , mainly because I know for a fact they are covered . I 'll probably place some small kiddie size cups on them to reduce my paranoia : -RRB- I have one I leave in my diesel truck , and the 2nd one I keep in my RV for using as backup power via 12 volt socket . I have n't used any of these units yet to jumpstart my vehicle or anyone else 's but I like how easy it is to charge this units , and the fact your can easily use it to power 110 volt equipment using an inverter . Very versatile , and a good display reading on the front showing the voltage is a plus . Nice compact unit , and does n't weigh a lot.Wouldn ' t be without them !
 This works great but gas one crucial design flaw I would personally change which is the charging cord . You need an extension cord to charge it when it would be so much easier to have just put a one or two foot long cord on the charger . Other than that no problems ! Works great !
 This charger is about as good as they get . This unit is heavy but that equates too good for me because of solid build . It has held its charge for 3 months with no loss that I can measure . Its cranking amps are as stated , quick starts on large blocks . This is now my go to unit .
 This Jump Start unit is just what I need for our tractor in the cold winter months . It is easy to charge and jump starts that tractor every time.I would recommend it to others and I would buy a new one if anything should happen to this one .
 No complaints so far here ... Car battery was dead , hooked up cables from jnc660 , started right up . Works as advertised
 I deliver atv 's that have no batteries . I can jump 8 without any problem before recharging . It will handle anything you need it to .
 I bought this thinking I might never use it for the intended purpose of jump starting a car but liked the idea of a portable cigar lighter power outlet to power 12 volt chargers and emergency lights and such . It turns out a week after I bought it I drove someones van home and left the lights on . I did not notice it until I went to move the van 6 hours later . The lights only had a very dim glow and the engine did not even grunt or click . I ran into the house and got the Jump-N-Carry and hooked it to the battery . I went into the van and it started like it had a fresh battery . No hesitation or anything . The big V8 cranked like it had a new battery in it . This sure beats dragging out Jumper Cables or waiting for a charger to get you going .
 I use this Jump pack all the time for my class A motorhome and jeep . It does a great job , it stores easily and is n't very heavy . It arrived really fast . A + + I definately recommend this item !
 This is an absolute must have . Jumper cables are annoying and you have to find someone to help you . The quality on this is great and the charge last a few months without a problem if you using it sparingly which is the case with most people . We also have one of these at work because we have a lot of company cars and sometimes they might not start . This thing has been been helping us at work for years with no problem .
 Got this and have used it severL times already . Will use this for an almost dead battery , boating , classic car , motorcycle rides ... . Many uses and solid construction , easy to use . Very recommended .
 Only used it once to start a car , had it about two months . Worked great in that one use . However :1 -RRB- This unit is somewhat dangerous . It came without any covers for the live -LRB- always live !! -RRB- copper teeth . This could cause a short and possible fire hazard . No ` on-off switch ' on this . Be careful how and where you store this .2 -RRB- Cables are short , you must tie it to your engine well or have someone hold it . If it ever fell into your engine it could do some damage.Unit is heavy , has a nice guage to see how it is charging and how much charge is left . Comes with 12Volt carger so can be charged in a car , also can be plugged in with -LRB- not provided -RRB- extension cord into household 120V power . A ` normal ' extdension cord works fine but it wo n't fit one with multiple female ends.I will update this review after I use it more .
 I just wanted to take time to write a review on this product . I have gone thru alot of the cheaper units made by Stanley they tend to last me around 6 months before they just will not charge anymore . I am an automotive locksmith and use this JNC660 several times a day , for almost a year now and still going strong . Trick is to not let it die all the way before you charge and be sure to fully charge . I charge mine about once a week for 12 hours . I am about to buy another one to keep in my personal truck . I would recommend this product to anyone . I have also purchased one of the hand held 330 units for my father in law to keep in his Accord and he has been very happy with it as well . I hope this review helps!Jason Yeomans , PresidentALL ABOUT KEYS INC.allaboutkeys@gmail.comALLABOUTKEYS.COM
 Really pleased I purchased the Clore Jump n Carry , not only for the obvious reasons of convenience and portability and not having to rely on other people but because its a very high quality Jump Starter , its very powerful and has never let me down even on a 75 % charge its incredible.I recommend this as the highest quality starter on the market .
 My daughter had her first use with this Jump-N-Carry boosting a friend 's car whose battery went dead in the recent 0 degree cold weather . She connected the JNC660 to her friends battery and she said the engine spun over like it had a new battery in it . She said the car started in about 5 seconds .
 Great and usefull , I already jumped 18-20 times and the booster battery is still full , no need to charge.compare to others-JNC is the best item for professional using .
 I have a 4 cyl . car and have no trouble jumping my car with the jump-n carry the only negative thing I can say about this item is the cables are hard to wrap up so the clamps can be stored .
 I have a Diesel VW that tends to die in the cold . Jump starting it form a non-diesel car does not work since apparently diesel angines require more &#34; juice &#34; . This little -LRB- but heavy -RRB- gadget is a life savior . I am glad I did a proper research - This one has the best review hands down !
 First-rate company ! First unit arrived Dead on arrival and was immediately replaced within four days of calling at no added cost . Have used this unit four times for my sons Jeep Grand Cherokee . Four jumps without needing to recharge .
 Works fine , I have enjoyed using it and has been working very well so far . It holds charge for at least 12 jumps . Highly recommended .
 This is the best jump box you can buy at this price . It stores nice and easy behind the seat in my truck .
 I have been very impressed by the starting ability of this jump starter . A very very handy thing to have - and at a great price compared to other comparable peak amp jump starters .
 Had one of the grey units before ... problem was overcharging -LRB- if you let it hooked up ya cooked it . Replaced the battery in it twice in a 8 year period . Was a good unit , I believe this is better
 We Love this Our battery has been dead for months . We hooked this up -LRB- so Simple -RRB- and it turned right overthe battery that is.Oh yes this is one of those why did n't I purchase this years ago .
 I ordered this as a gift for my husband . He is a mechanic and goes to many of his customers homes to work on there vehicles if they can not make to him . This was a lifesaver for him !!!!!!!! Just enough amps so he can jump anyone 's car ... Clore Automotive JNC660 1700 Peak amp 12V Jump Starter
 This was purchased as a gift for my husband ... already used and works perfectly ... He is very happy with it and it 's abilities ... I would recommend it to anyone who has a car ... great to keep tucked in the trunk ...
 I had this unit for 2 days when I really needed it . It was -22 degrees and my work truck would not start . I hooked up the JNC660 and left it sit for about 3 minutes . The truck started immediately . I have loaned it out 3 times since then . I am sure each person who used it will be ordering one for themselves . If you live in a cold climate or need to jump your vehicle often this JNC660 would be worth it 's weight in gold . No more jumper cables , you do n't even have to open your hood when using the cigarette lighter plug . At -22 degrees that is a great plus to stay out of the wind .
 Best product from independent reviews . Have used it once since purchase with excellent results . Holds a charge longer than I expected . Altogehter completely satisfied with this purchase .
 After replacing the battery in my car 4 times in the past 6 years , after taking my car to the dealership twice , after getting a letter from my insurance company refusing to send a tow truck to start my battery again , I purchased the JNC 660 from Fox Run Tools via Amazon . This morning I used it for the first time and it WORKED !!! Never again will I be late to work due to a dead battery . -LRB- I have a phantom parasitic draw no one can find - goes dead overnight -RRB- . I am so happy with this purchase ... delivery was speedy ... had it within 3 days . The only feature I would have liked added , would be a light . Otherwise , I found it easy to use . This is the same model the tow-truck drivers used to bring ... I 'll miss those good ol' boys ! There are other fancier geegaws out there , but many of them just do n't have the power to start a completely dead battery . The JNC 660 does ! I recommend it for piece of mind .
 This is my second review of this product.I purchased this jump starter about 4 months ago , after I was stranded about 20 miles -LRB- 3 cities -RRB- away from my home.First
 Have had the Clore JNC660 for about a month , and already used it on 3 occasions . My LS 400 Lexus battery was completely dead , and the Clore jumped started the car with no problem on more than one occasion . This is a must have if your traveling long distances , or anytime you 're worried about your vehicle starting , as it holds a charge for a long period and stows easily in your truck . Highly recommended .
 I taught my 100 pound wife how to use this in 5 minutes . She did it herself . Our S-10 Blazer will not even release the ignition key if the battery is dead . This lifesaver saves time and money -LRB- time IS money -RRB- . If it does n't sit stable in your engine compartment , buy a folding step stool so the cables will reach . As an electronics technician I can tell you that the internal Lead-acid battery needs to be charged every 3 months in order to get 8 yrs life expectancy .
 This jump box is both versatile and durable . We have used the type you have to wheel around before and this one has just as much jumping capabilities while being way easier to carry around .
 This is what the pro 's use . Holds charge for weeks and I as a tow truck driver use this box 3-4 times a day at times . Ask anyone that jumps off cars and does auto repair , etc. . Jump N Carry is the only way to go . Heavy duty .
 super powerful , lasts long . I 've had it for 4 months and I 'm doing my best to keep it charged and it 's not letting me down . others have complimented on its superiority to their costco garbage
 Awesome I have a 400 Big block in my truck and after sitting for a while i use this thing and it fires up instantly . Build strong it seems . my only complaint might be the plug in in the front . its just two prongs sticking out although its inserted an inch in and kinda protected still could hit something and break . cool product . instead of worrying about someone jumping you or pushing your car out of a stall so someone can get to the front of your car this is great . A ust have .
 I have tried several different brands over the years but thes are by far the best in every category , size , clamps , power and life .
 since pruchasing several months back , i have used this to jump about 7-8 times i guess . everything from lawn mowers , cars/trucks , and a 60hp tractor . works like a charm everytime . and it is still on its first charge . couldnt really ask for anything more . great product ! great price !
 This came recommended to me from a good friend who uses it to jumpstart his ATVs , Boat , etc after they have been in storage for the off season . After seeing it in use , I purchased one.It is extremely easy to charge and use . It took 24 hours for the initial charge . Five days later , my wife 's truck batter dies . It took an entire minute to jump start the truck and re-pack the JNC . Likewise , my kids have used it to power our portable air compressor for everything between car tires to volleyballs . I have decided to leave it out -LRB- front & center -RRB- on my mechanics tool bench given its use .
 After owning this for over a year and using it through the tough midwest winters I 'd have to say this is the best of the bunch . Sure , you could pick up some big chain version for less than half the price , but it simply wo n't last or work near as well as this unit . Some of those cheaper units ca n't even turn over a moderate sized truck starter . This on the other hand has had no problem with two mid-sized trucjs that I own . Just remember to give it a charge now and again and DO N'T OVER CHARGE IT ! This unit does not have a facility to stop it from being over charged so you have to monitor it . Even though it does n't have the frills of other versions it is simply the best at what it does , period .
 I 'm a mechanic have been wrenching for 12 yrs now . I bought one of these jump boxes about 7 yrs ago this is one of the best tool in my collection ! It may say 1700 peak amps but it must have more ! I have jump started twin 555 cummins diesel motors as well a Detroit 671 all on one charge you ca n't buy a better box for the money if your looking for a simple non fancy work horse this is the one . for you . the only reason I dont have my old one it burnt up in a fire a few yrs ago . If you do n't have common sense this is not for you it has no safety features the cables are always hot so be careful . You ca n't go wrong with this one thank you clore automitve for this god set of a tool bailed me outta many jams !!!!
 I just received this awesome jump start . I have a Vector that is in its tenth year , so I wanted to have the replacement in place . This is one solid piece of equipment . It was fairly well charged when I opened the package . Now I know why the auto dealers and pros reach for this jumper - it is all business ! Oh , there is the $ 75.00 Coupon Enclosed ... with no time limit - priceless ! This is Made in the U.S.A. I researched all that was out there , and Amazon always has the best deal .
 When I bought it , I read a review that said it 's not made to be left plugged-in and charging all the time.I called Clore , and they said that was true on older models , but the new models have a trickle charge circuit and LED that will be yellow while charging and green when charged -LRB- trickle charging -RRB- . I noticed mine occasionally changes to green/yellow , I guess while it needs more than a trickle charge.I use it to power a bunch of external stuff in an airplane . It 's so narrow that it fits nicely behind the pilot 's seat with the seat slid all the way back -LRB- if nobody is sitting in the back seat on that side -RRB- . The electrical system in the plane could go completely dead , and I 'd still be able to navigate -LRB- with a portable GPS , two iphones and an ipad -RRB- and talk -LRB- with a portable aviation handheld -RRB- . I have an extension cord with a velcro tie for the lighter plug . The velcro tie is around the handle of the unit and the cord to prevent the plug from being pulled out accidentally -LRB- the biggest problem with cigarette lighter plugs -RRB- . When I get to my destination , I just take it into the hotel and charge it up . It would probably last a few days without charging , but I think it 's better to have the electricity when I need it , and not worry about it.I 've never started a car with it , but it will probably do it after running all the equipment in the plane for a day . Having the volt meter is a nice touch .
 I believe this is the same charger they store on west coast Auto Club trucks . If so , this charger is so serious that I have even used it as a third battery . My VW camper , which the good lord loves endlessly , often has short circuits or glitches . I run a 2000 watt inverter off of two dry cell batteries , but there 's always something going wrong with such an old and heavily customized vehicle . My 4 cylinder engine has literally driven home by leaving the 660 charger attached so that the electricity would n't shut off every time I used the turn signals , power steering , headlights etc. . Crazy or stupid be this scenario , this jumper got me through it !
 This Jump Box far exceeds my expectations . I 've used it commercially and jumped 3 or 4 cars with no problems . The plastic covers on the connectors keep you safe from unwanted shocks near battery connection areas . It 's a five star product that beats any Harbor Frieght junk I 've used in the past - you get what you pay for . I 'm sure this unit will last a long time . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The jump-n-carry was purchased one for me and one as a gift.I have had an original for eight years and bought my second to have on hand incase the original fails.The original is used commercially in a marina.The new unit works as well as the older one still does , it can be used to boost a 6-71 in reasonable weather.Yes I am very satisfied.Ron Rocap
 Man , am I impressed !! Pros : - Powerfully effective ! - Small , light , and easy to carry and manage for the power . - Charge indicator light and gauge make it always easy to know charge status . - Minimal footprint , convenient storage.Cons : - Absolutely none.My car has a Chevy 350 -LRB- 8-cyl -RRB- and sometimes has to sit for weeks at a time without being driven . I try to run it weekly to keep the battery charged but ... So on this occasion I had let it go too long . The car cranked once but the carb was n't sufficiently primed . Then dead . I wo n't split hairs about the degrees of discharge ; there was a little juice left in the battery but it could n't crank the engine , so for my practical purpose it was completely dead . So for the first time I needed my Jump-N-Carry , and I needed it to work . I was unsure , because another starter unit I bought previously is great for pumping tires but unequal to the job of starting.After connecting the Jump-N-Carry and turning the key without any wait , even with the load of the 350 and the drain of the dead battery , it cranked as strong as a new battery ! Outstanding ! But the carb still was n't primed , so key off , another few pumps of the gas pedal , and try again . Again , strong cranking , and the car roared to life.Afterward , upon checking the remaining charge and plugging in to AC to recharge , the Jump-N-Carry still had a green Charging Status light and 125 % of nominal max charge on the gauge , and it had been sitting for a couple weeks since the last charge update before I used it . This means I can keep it in my trunk for extended periods and still have dependable power even without frequent recharges . Fantastic!At the time of purchase I was n't thrilled about laying out $ 130 for this unit , especially since it is non-returnable . But now I see that it is and will continue to be one of the best purchases I 've made , because I know I have starting power galore I can rely on when I need it . Extremely happy with this purchase , certainly would again , and heartily recommend . -LRB- User manual available at CloreAutomotive dot com . -RRB- UPDATE 1/11/2013 : Many here have said that the unit can remain plugged into AC indefinitely without danger of overcharge damage . Heretofore that could not be confirmed by any Clore documentation . However , an updated Owner 's Manual has been published on the Clore site -LRB- 2013 Clore Automotive -RRB- . Page 5 : `` Note
 The Clore automotive jump starter is a tool I hope I do n't have to use but it is available when I need it . The unit is well made and easy to use , however , it would be nice if I never have to use it , because having to use will mean something else is not working as it is supposed to !
 For most of us , life feels like a movie we 've arrived at forty-five minutes late.Something important seems to be going on ... maybe . I mean , good things do happen , sometimes beautiful things . You meet someone , fall in love . You find that work that is yours alone to fulfill . But tragic things happen too . You fall out of love , or perhaps the other person falls out of love with you . Work begins to feel like a punishment . Everything starts to feel like an endless routine.Life happens . But . It does not happen to you!You happen to it!We r not victims ! For everything that happens in life there is a decision I can make that will make the outcome manageable . Poor decisions
 my husband really likes ithe said it was what he was looking forhe has not used it yet , but that is okat least when we need it it will be thereto help us out in a emergency.thank you
 I spent a good amount of time doing my due diligence before selecting this item as a gift for my brother . The price was outstanding and the shipping was quick . I am unable to add any comment about the functionality of the item but I can say my brother was pleased to get it as a gift and it looked well built and sturdy . I might even get one for myself .
 I purchased this product in March of 2011 and , other than occasionally plugging it into AC power to top off the charge , I have not had an occasion to use it as a Jump Start . That changed a few days ago when a friend 's auto would not start and it was discovered that the ignition switch had been left in the ALT position and the car had no electrical power - nothing . I did not check the battery with a voltmeter , but when nothing would work , I would consider the battery was fairly well drained . I hooked up the Jump Starter and , just as advertised , started right up . I checked the voltmeter on the unit and it still showed 13 volts , probably enough for another use if necessary . When I hooked it back up to AC power , it did not even take a full hour to be fully charged.Nice to know after owning the product for sixteen months , that it has proven to be a good investment . I always keep it in my car ready for any occasion that may require a jump .
 I do n't think I had charged it for 2 or 3 months - just sat in the garage.But this morning the battery of my Mercury was dead - of course on the morning I had to take my 90 year old mom to the doctor.Hooked it up and instant turnover . Only thing I do n't like is that there 's no on/off switch but that 's not that big a deal.BTW , I also have one of the smaller ones . My Denali 's battery was dead - could n't turn it over . Stuck.Highly recommended.Update
 I took this to a track day expecting to use it mostly to power my 12v compressor . However , I ended up helping others by starting three cars with it as well . It is perfect for what it is supposed to be . The cable storage is well thought out , so it is easy to put away . If there is any complaint at all , it is that the built-in charger must be extremely low amperage , because it takes a LONG time to charge . Even though mine showed up reading over 12v , it still took it a full day for the charging light to go green . However , for my application , and probably most , that will not be an issue . I highly recommend this product .
 We use these boxes all the time , day in and day out for our business . They are not fancy , they do n't pump up tires or have flashlights but they do start cars ! As long as they stay properly charged they are without equal for their size and weight.I was pleasantly supprised to find the new one we ordered came with a overcharge protection . No more watching the guage for the proper charge !! Another bonus is that you just use any extension cord to charge.If your like us we have 5 to 10 charge cords and spend half an hour matching the cords to the tool.Long story short . If your looking for a charger and you want something rugged and resonably sized to start any thing with a COMPLEATLY dead battery short of a diesel -LRB- unless you have 2 -RRB- this is the best jump box you can buy without having to pay at least twice the money .
 I 've had this for nearly a year and it still works as good as new . I 've used it to jump my old toyota 4runner a couple times with ease . In each case I was able to start my car on the first crank within a couple seconds . I should also mention that car 's battery was completely DEAD !
 A Jump Box that actually works , what a novel idea . This is the first Jump Start Box that has ever worked for me . I have a diesel motor home with a 575 HP Cummings Diesel Engine . That thing draws amps to crank . This Jump Box whips the engine over with no problem , very impressive . This is a must have if you do any traveling . Tight areas no problem , just grab your Jump Box and your on your way.It beats waiting 3 or 4 hours in a road side rest area for a service call.Thanks Amazon for making this easy for my wife to purchase , on line .
 I have this for awhile and am really happy with it , It allows me to charge the battery from my car if it goes bad , but I especially like it because I can help others when I see that they need a `` boost '' , You do n't need any cables , all you got ta do is make sure to charge it at home every so often so it `` ll always have power in it , and your ' e good to go , I highly recommend it .
 This unit works awesome , I 've had to use it twice this week to start my own service van since the battery was n't holding a charge , the price is great also , a lot cheaper than local for the same unit .
 The Jump Starter worked right out of the box and even better after its initial charge . Well built , solid unit , you wo n't go wrong with this one .
 I got one of these because I was having trouble with an F150 . I fell in love with it so much that I got one for my son to use on his clunker . Since then I have used it to jump other people . THIS THING IS SWEET !
 Our son did a number on his electrical system when he installed a &#34; system &#34; boom box which drained the battery daily . So , our solution was to purchases this untile he could get his act together and replace the car . What a terrific item . This is a keeper , fairly light weight and stores nicely in the trunk .
 Great jumper does a great job , jumps the car right away , even when a battery is really dead . I would recommend it to my friends
 This is heavy duty and very reliable . It will go a long time without a charge and still crank over an engine . Well worth the money for the peace of mind .
 I work with used cars and this is far the best jumper I 've owned !!! Highly recommended !!! Get it now !!
 I found this product through a Mercedes dealership that they use for roadside service . Excellent product for jump-starting purposes ! it 's the basics and it works !!
 works great no too big the cables are a perfect length green light lets you know when the unit is recharged
 works just fine , i am a car transporter and this is the box . Easy to carry and plenty of starting power .
 Great Product , I am very pleased with the quality of this product . I highly recommend it to others . A + +
 Excellent transaction , fast shipping and excellent product . As of yet I did not have any reason to use this jump starter , I did a lot of research and found nothing but good reviews for this product
 This jump box is perfect for use on a tow truck ! Ten times better than those boxes that are more than half the price .
 After I received the JNC660 I used it several times after the first charge because the pickup I borrowed from my cousin had a bad battery and had to be `` jumped '' for every start . It was certainly piece of mind to know that I would n't get stranded somewhere because the pickup would n't start . I finally got a new battery for the pickup and now carry the JNC660 around in my Suburban `` just in case '' . The product does just what it is designed to do - start a vehicle with a dead battery .
 buy 2 jump starters prior to this one had to return them both this one did every thing i expected and some
 I carry this unit in my service truck for small and large farm tractors . It gets banged around , dropped , even has a cracked case now but still has never failed to start a piece of equipment . Starts diesels in winter even after using glow plugs . The only drawback is no on/off switch and when using it in tight areas of equipment to get to the battery I have occasionally done a little `` welding '' but it is still the best booster I 've ever used .
 I love this Jump starter , I 've used it 4 times and it still does n't need to be recharged.This is easily one of the best purchases I have ever made . Keep it in your car , truck , van and never worry about being stranded with a dead battery.It is very easy to use , a must have for everyone living in areas where you would have to wait hours for a tow truck to get to you to give you a jump .
 I work roadside service changing tires , jump starts , fuel deliveries and lock outs . I have had this Booster pack for about 4 months now and love it ! It starts just about any auto or light truck -LRB- some extremely dead batteries require doubling up with cables -RRB- . I get about 20 jumps out of it before I cave in and charge it overnight . Quick and easy to use , especially when a car is facing forward in a garage , unable to receive 20 ' cables . Definitely recommend this item !
 Outstanding construction -- heavy grade plastic that 's not going to break . This is a `` no frill 's '' jump starter , so you 've got to be careful not to short out the battery cables or connect them backwards . You also have to be careful not to overcharge the unit -- it does not monitor it 's own battery state of charge , so follow the instructions . All this means it does not have electronics that just break either -- it 's a very high quality , `` basic '' jump box . It comes in a super cardboard box that 's perfect to store the unit so it does not get scratched up . Highly recommend this unit .
 This is the best product ever , simple , nice High quality , easy to use , not confusing . My battery was going bad , and I wanted to make sure it was really bad before shelling out the bucks . I jumpered myself 5x using this thing , and the battery is still on green . Amazing ! The 1700 amps will jump start anything , better than jumper cables . The guys from AAA will actually bring this out if you call them for a car that doesnt start . These are things awesome!Update
 this thing is mandatory if you need to jump cars often.i have used this thing about 10 times and still have not had to charge it after the initial charge .
 We have an older SUV hat we do n't drive much and the battery frequently needs to be jump started . Once when I could n't get it started i had to call for roadside assistance to get it started and saw this Jump N Carry starter start up my SUV like it had a brand new car battery in it . I immediately went onto Amazon to find one . It 's an amazing starter and I highly recommend this .
 I use this in marine repair . Most people 's battery 's are dead , this unit is compact compared to others and powerfull .
 For home use it works great , easy to use and very portable . I bought for my husband for a gift and it has come in handy a few times already .
 This is a great jump box . I am the manager of a RV dealership in fredericksburg Virginia . We have used a few jump boxes and most just have a hard time turning these big RV engines . This jump box has no problem . You will not be disapointed with this jump box .
 excellent product , good quality , matching price.I would say this is the best Jumper you can find.Really satisfied with this product
 I have n't had this very long nor the chance to use it much . It does have plenty of power to easily crank my old hot rod motor . Even though the clamps are plastic they feel nice and sturdy . No complaints here .
 I have jumped multiple cars/trucks/suvs . I am now just wondering if it will jump a tractor . I would highly recommend this if for anyone who wants a solid , quality battery jumper . The gauge works well to let you know when you need to recharge it .
 this jump box is great . no complaints at all . my husband is thrilled with it . we have a small garage and have used it quite often . it has preformed excellent and is very dependable . easy to use and stores nice . for the price it is worth its weight in gold .
 After research , and owning mine for a couple years , I can say that this is the most powerful and highest quality available . With these things , you DO get what you pay for !
 It 's one thing to spend a lot of money for a product and not get what you pay for but that is not the case with this product ; This is quality and value at its best .
 In Brief : You get a portable jump-start to take with you in your car . Toss your cables , forget about the road-side service . -LRB- In fact , the last two times I called road-side service for a battery jump , they used THIS model ! One of the mechanics could not stop raving about it -RRB- . No waiting either . Attach the cables , start the car , put away your JNC660 , and keep on driving.Some details : The JNC660 weighs about 40 pounds.The lead-acid battery can not leak , and is not unstable.It holds its charge , and ca n't be over charged.You can charge it from an AC outlet or from cigarette lighter -LRB- it comes with an adapter too -RRB- The mechanic who raved about it told me he had n't recharged it in 6 months because every time he jumps a car , the procedure also charges the 660 . Seems crazy to me . And the manual does strongly recommend a maintenance charge every 3 months.It came fully charged -LRB- that 's how stable the battery is -RRB- . The Price for Peace of Mind is unbeatable.I hope this helps .
 Product has been much more powerful and reliable than my previous jump starter . No problems so far . I do wish it came with a power cord even if it was short .
 If you need a portable `` jump box '' then you have found the right one . This a very well made and looks like it will stand the test of time . I had called techical support to double check about the possibilty of over charging the `` jump box '' and the tech said that the new ones , which is the one that I purchased had some type of built in device that would not let the unit be over charged . The only recommndation I would say is the plastic is slippery when you leave it on the engine and I would prefer if it were possible to make it out of hard rubber so that it did not slide when you are jumping a vehicle . Otherwise it is another fine product that I have discovered and now you have too !
 This Battery Power House Clore # JNC-660 Is The Best Money Can Buy.If It Does n't Start You Have Bigger Problems . Alway 's Keep In The Garage , Ready To Go ...
 Great item ! It works on the first try . It 's nice and slim.It 's a great buy !
 Bought a Pep Boys special and it was wothless . This one works time after time for mpre than one vehicle .
 We didnt use this yet and hope not to have to use it too often . But it looks like a good quality item . good to keep on hand . We picked this one as others recommended it highly .
 I only needed to use this once in the year I 've had it but it easily started a GM 5.3 truck engine with a dead battery -LRB- no lights , or even a click when the key was turned before connecting the Jump-N-Carry -RRB- . Holds a charge great over many months without recharging.Only downside is that the volt meter reads a bit off and the charger tends to overcharge as if it 's missing the peak detection . Might be because I was charging it when it was already almost fully charged , so could be user error , Otherwise , no complaints .
 We got this just in time for the winter snowstorms . My husband has used it twice already , and says he did n't know how he got along without it . The previous reviews were a big factor in selecting this charger , and we 're so glad we did ; it works great !
 I chose this item because of the reviews & the dimensions.It is sleek & compact & fits in tight places for those who are limited in trunk space.I am dismayed that the instructions warn that temperatures above 70 o & below 68 o affects the amperage . Based on this , how it performs or how often one has to recharge it is yet to be seen.I feel it is a bit pricey too & should have included other options such as an ac inverter , air compressor & maybe a light as the smaller unit.I bought a MVP 600 10 yrs ago . It was 1/2 the price & if I had to recharge it every 6 mths , that was alot !! Loved it ! Could n't find a replacement anywhere.Hope this unit proves to be worth the bucks . PS , as per Clore , should you buy an inverter -LRB- max 400 watts -RRB- , do n't attach any tool w/more than 6.3 amps .
 I used this jumper twice . Once with my wife 's car , temp was 30 degrees F , and it was not able to jump her car . Her car battery was old and her battery likely was very weak . Today , my car would n't start in zero degree weather , so I jumped it with this and it worked like a charm . My car battery is about 4 years old , but I will be buying a new one today . I 'm pleased with the results .
 Used to to start a friend 's car who had a dead battery . I had a small b & d starter which failed , maybe if we had waited 5-10 minutes it would have worked . Instead I pulled this out of my car , connected and friend 's car started immediately . If you want a battery jump buy this one . Worth the few extra dollars .
 I 've had this since July 2006 and wanted to do a quick review.Used
 This is a great booster pack . I own an auto repair shop and these packs get put to the test . This is a no frills pack . that is better for what we use them for . It does not have an air pump or fancy light . It has good CCA power to start even the toughest trucks . we have jumped several dual battery diesel trucks with these packs . -LRB- I have two -RRB- I like the charger on these packs too if using an extension cord it does not seem to over charge the pack . The cables are nice and long and have nice clamps . the only thing that i would change on this pack would be to lengthen the cables a little bit so they are not as tight storing the clamps on the top . when putting the clamps back to store it often marks up the cables and i have a small cut in the ground cable now . But i also use my packs sometimes up to 4 and 5 times a day in the winter . this is a great pack you will not be disappointed .
 I started by looking at some of the cheaper jump starter packs but saw nothing but 1-use reviews . Then I stumbled upon Clore 's Jump-n-carry . Nothing but great reviews of people who use it all the time.I tied it into the back of my trunk and have had to use it twice . And guess what , it does a great job ! Car turns over and I 'm on the road again . Now I do n't travel anywhere without it .
 This is a top of the line . My expectations were exceeded with this product and company support.Arrived packaged very well . Unit is heavy duty constructed for a long life . The new current models have solved the charging issue . Plug it up with a simple extension cord and forget it . Go back whenever . Verify green light . Unplug and store . There is no need to keep up with a wall charger that always seems to get lost . All you need is a simple extension cord . Unit came with a 75 dollar &#34; FOREVER &#34; replacement coupon . Drive a truck over it . Send purchase receipt , coupon , and 75 dollars and get a brand new one . Go to the Clore website . Register and they will email you a reminder when it is time to recharge . -LRB- every 3 months -RRB- The address comes with the product and instructions on how to register . Thats one less thing to remember ! How good is that for support after the sale ? The booster is idiot proof unless you are color blind.LOL . Plug red cable clamp to red cable on auto battery . Plug black cable clamp to any ground on car or simply to black cable on battery . -LRB- safer to plug to ground on auto but who does that ? lol -RRB- No frills such as air compresser that would take an hour to air a bicycle tire anyway . If this one wont start your V-8 , V-6 , or 4 cyl , you 've got bigger problems . Make sure to check &#34; cranking amps &#34; on any unit you purchase . Sellers use all kinds of big numbers to make their product appear that they will do the job . If they dont list &#34; cranking amps &#34; its probably cause it wont jump start a bicycle . If its less than 325 cranking amps , forget about starting a V-8 . I have one . Thats why I purchased this one . If you will NEVER jump start anything larger than your small 4 cylinder auto , then a smaller one will suffice . -LRB- 225 cranking amps -RRB- If you ever have plans to possibly boost a V6 or V8 , you better get a good one . -LRB- at least 400 cranking amps -RRB- This one will start a completely dead battery in a large V-8 engine . AAA uses this one . Car lots use this one . Buy a good one or keep your money . You will need it to pay AAA to start your car .
 Charged it overnight when I first received it and it started my car the first time I tried to start it . From the meter it looked like I could have started 4-5 cars but the job I need was done .
 Hold its charge for a long time . Only used once but worked flawlessly . I leave in car throught the winter only charged twicw
 I bought this for my husband for a Christmas present and he says its the best one he has ever had . Starts everything on the first try . Excellent gift idea .
 The JNC660 was delivered quickly , fully charged , and ready to go . It is simple to use and works great . The first time we used it , it had been in the back of the SUV for 2 weeks in very cold weather , but it cold cranked our hard to start SUV 3 times in one day at -20 F with no problems , and it did n't drop its charge at all . Amazing , tough , well made product . No complaints . Highly recommended .
 I bought this for one purpose , to start my diesel motorhome which spends most of its time in storage . Since receiving the Clore JNC660 I have only used it one time to start the motorhome but it performed as advertised ` -- second crank and the old gal kicked right over . The motor is Cummins ISB engine and has never been hard to start but the batteries are getting a little weak now . I intend to carry this jump starter in the motorhome as back up for the engine batteries and I really gives me comfort to know that I will always have a way of getting the RV started while out on the road -- it is a great little unit and its size makes it perfect to carry in the RV .
 I had this product for about 2 years now and I am very happy with it , I keep it in my trunk all the time only take it out to charge it every couple to 3 month , before I had another jump starter that was 800 amps peak and was Barely enough power for my 4 cylinder truck with my battery having some juice , at that time I also have an 8 cylinder Chevrolet TrailBlazer , and it would n't even make it `` click '' so I decided to look for another jump starter and I looked at this product 's reviews that there were very good so I decided to buy it , I have been jump starting many cars during that time under colorado winter weather with no problem , but the biggest test came 2 weeks ago , the 25 foot bed delivery truck 's 2 batteries died so it would not start and i used the JNC660 jump-n-carry to start it no only ones but 8 times in one day , by the end of the day the JNC660 still had half of the power , I love this product and charging it is very easy , just connect an extension cord to it an let it charge , it has 2 led indicators lights , one red -LRB- tells you when is charging -RRB- and one green -LRB- tells you when charge is complete -RRB- so you can leave it charging overnight unlike older models that you had to make sure not to let it over charge . just do n't let it get wet or you 'll have some problem with the power box , if that happen you 'll have to clean all metal parts inside !!! one more thing this product come with a coupon for a replace battery , just save it . you may need it in the future .
 I bought this product after reading previous reviews . I use it for my roadside assistance company and I loved the performance of this jump pack so much that i bought a second one 2 weeks later . We 've used them for about a month now . One day the jump pack was used 6 times before being recharged and jumpstarted each car without any problems but longevity is the key so i 'm waiting to see how long it takes for the problems to start with this product . But so far i 'm very satisfied .
 The newer JNC660 models do not come with the grip guards -LRB- clamp covers -RRB- according to the service tech I spoke with since the clamps are now made of nylon plastic instead of metal like earlier models . I was also curious about the $ 75 repair service coupon since it says you need the original receipt if ever used . I received nothing in my order such as an original invoice from amazon or a receipt but the clore automotive service tech said that has changed too and original receipt is no longer required but everything else still needs to be sent back .
 Over the years we have purchased `` name brand '' Battery charger and jump box . All of them lasted less than 2 years . I purchased the first JNC660 for our business , then purchased another one for home use . Stands up well and does a great job .
 If you follow the instructions and connect the -LRB- - -RRB- black lead to the engine the car wont start . Then I connected to the -LRB- - -RRB- terminal in the battery and it worked immediately . I bought a lower end Black and Decker which is complete junk . It doesnt have enough power to start my Mercedes R350 . The battery also dies in a couple of days . It loses its charge very quickly . The Clore holds its charge and charges 4x as fast . You get what you pay for ...
 I recently purchased this item to replace 2 lower amp jump starters . I was able to use it to help my neighbor start their vehicle . I was pleased with the quick response and ample power from the unit compared to my previous starters . This unit is no-nonsense ; ample starting power with no add on gadgetry . I like that it uses a normal heavy duty extension cord for recharging . I would recommend this item to anyone who requires serious starting power . It rivals the units used by pros .
 Recently I have an issue with one of my cars and it is not worth investing any money to correct . My car battery was dead and I asked the mechanic to borrow his JNC . I had to walk 2 blocks with this and I was shocked how heavy . But my mentality is , if it 's heavy , it 's solid and quality.The mechanic told me to attach it and start right away . So I did and it started . No waiting 20 minutes like the other piece of crap I had , this starts immediately.So I bought it and been using it since . This is a true quality product and it is worth paying extra .5 stars all around .
 Once again , the JNC660 bailed me out today . I bought this unit after losing my AAA privileges after exceeding my annual service calls -LRB- over dead battery jumps -RRB- b4 I had the issue resolved . I was n't 6 months into the year . Determined not to have that happen again , I researched jump starters and decided on this puppy . I have n't had to call roadside service for a battery jump since - nor have I had to roam around a parking lot , cables in hand , begging for a jump . This jump starter provides the crank amperage for my '98 Windstar w/o breaking a sweat . It holds a charge for a v-e-r-y long time , too . It 's a wise investment - particularly for folks who are on the road a lot - drive to and from remote or unsafe areas or just do n't have the time to wait or search for a kind person to provide a jump or for roadside service .
 I have to honestly say I was n't in the market for a jump starter until I saw this as Amazons Deal of the Day . After some research I decided to buy it as I drive a couple hundred miles round trip to work once a week . It was fully charged when it arrived . Everything on it works
 I bought this last year and have had to use it several times . It cranks my car right up from a completely dead battery . I keep it in my car all the time . You just never know when you 'll need it . I 'm very happy with this product . I should have bought one years ago .
 This is a great product . We use this as a service from our Information Desk . We used the previous one we owned for several years , and the only issue was the where you plug in the charger to re-charge the device . The recharger pack prongs in the charger broke . It is just a regular 12volt 500 milliamperes charger . We bought a new one and now have two chargers that work great . Just be gentle plugging in to recharge the device !
 I bought one for use on my job and I 'm very satisfied . I have to jump diesel generators every month and it never hesitates ! I counted 35 consecutive jumps last month and it was still at 12.5 volts on the test meter ! I have purchased one for my father-in-law to use in the Colorado mountains on his equipment and vehicles , a place where you need dependability ! Hands down the best jump box I 've ever seen at this price .
 This battery rocks ! Had it running a air compressed for 1 hour and was still able to jump a car battery . O and I still have a full charge .
 We use these boxes at our dealership , and they simply refuse to die . Superb power output , good quality clamps , rugged case , and all in a very easy to tote package . It does not have a flashlight , clock radio , gambling slot machine , tire pump , or clothes iron ... this is a selling feature , because one actually must CARRY this to a car . Why lug more stuff than you need?The integrated charger is one of the most awesome features . Leaving off the power cable which is mostly useless when not plugged in , so it does not get tangled up with the other two cables while in use . An extension cord is the charging station .
 I had checked all the reviews before buying this jump starter and evoryone was right . not a lot of bells and whistels , just pure power.I also use it to power a C-pap machine when we go camping . Works great .
 I bought this as a replacement for a unit of a different brand with a failed battery . I was not familiar with the Clore Automative brand but was swayed by so many good reviews to give this one a try . I 've kept a portable jump starter of one brand or another for the last 14 years so I 've had quite a bit of experience with these things . Though I boutht this one in December I 've only had one opportunity to use it and that was starting a car that had not been run in at least 4 months . The vehicle battery was almost completely dead . There was just enough juice to allow the interior lights to barely come on with a faint yellow glow . This jump starter was strong enough for the engine to turn over at a high speed . Not sluggish at all.The ONLY reason I did n't rate it 5 stars is due to design of the case making it unstable to set on top of something under the hood during jump starts . But the narrow tall design does make it easier to store.As noted by others the quality of materials is far above those of the cheaper varieties sold by most retail chain stores . Especially the cables and clamps . Even so I would not have bought this at the regular price , just too expensive for the normal homeowner . But the sale price is pretty much equal to the price of other brands higher end units . Though those units do usually offer things like an air compressor , lights or 110 volt outlets . I 've had those and pretty much NEVER used those features so decided more jump starting power was more important.Batteries can fail suddenly . Jumper cables alone may not always be a viable option.I would definitely recommend this unit .
 i have three of these now.one for work -LSB- mechanic -RSB- , one in my moms car , and one in my wifes car.i pull my moms out once every 3-6 months an charge it.i use mine all the time and it never lets me down.i have bought others and they do not last.this is the only brand to buy .
 I am the owner of Jamian 's Towing Service . I purchased my first jump box 18 months ago and I love it so much that I just purchase my second one to carry iny second truck . I am able to provide 10 to15 jump starts on a single charge . The best product ever !!!
 I so love my new heavy duty powerful jump box , over the years I 've had smaller units that worked good and this one blows them all away , I would never buy if ever needed again anther brand of jump box
 Very nice product.Excellent build quality.Nice , slow charge , so does n't cook the gel.No signs of leakage , even in the heat of AZ.Highly recommend
 This is a great jumpstart . It has great power just what i like . An i like the replacement or fix plan . You ca n't bet it .
 I work for a towing company and I use this booster pack on a daliy basis on a wide array of cars and trucks . I am impressed with the power of the booster and it 's ability to jumpstart . It will definitely get the job done!On the other hand the only reason I did n't give it a five star is it has a very long recharge time , for the regular consumer this should n't be any issue but in towing I need it fast and there were times I had to unplug it before it was done . The only other issues Ive had are the actual cables are some times kind of a pain to roll up and can be a little tedious . Also the pack it 's self is slightly top heavy so it can be hard to balance on top of a vehicles engine while trying to connect the cables . Would I have still bought this item ? Heck yes ! It has been a god send and has made my life so much easier . If you have to jump vehicles often of work with cars that need to be moved with charging system problems . This is your tool that once you use you wo n't be able to live without . Nothing like the cheepo ones you get at a department store with the compressor and light radio and some have the kitchen sink ! No need for all that junk keep it simple !
 I am shopping for a new Jump Starter and this one is very serious contender . I wish I could give it 43/4 * . My questions are this . Why is the AC plug on the front ? I am use to appliances plugging in from the back . And why is there no cover for it ? I 'm assuming there is little or no chance of 12 volts feeding back through the AC plug . Instead of two front pictures , I wish someone would post a back picture as well.To me the built in AC charger is a BIG + . I hate those silly little charging bricks . They are always getting lost and the skinny wires break too easily .
 If you want a very good jump starter , This is it.It is very well built.Wish the cables were a little longer.Looks like ir will last a longtime.It is a hevy duty starter , what the others I have used .
 I LOVE MY JUMP BOX FROM CLORE -LRB- 1700 -RRB- NOT USE ON ANYTHING THAT IT DID NOT HANDLE LIKE A PRO . I WOULD RECOMEND THE CLORE 1700 TO ANYONE . IT IS PRICED AT THE RIGHT RANGE ALSO . TRY ONE YOU WANT REGRET IT .
 Great product , it works ! The only thing was that I had to connect the negative cable to the negative battery terminal , not to `` ground '' like the car frame .
 I 've had I few of these Jump Start Chargers before . In fact I just bought and returned 2 of them because they would n't take a charge much less actually jump start anything.I noticed 3 of the auto service shop I 'd been to all had the same brand units ; JNC or Jump and Charger . I did a search and surprise Amazon had them and after some further checking , it was a very good price . About half what the Professional Models like this go for.It has it 's own built-in charger via either AC from the wall outlet or DC from your cigarette lighter with an adapter that 's included.I have n't used it yet as I just got it last week and luckily I have n't had any dead batteries yet . I will revisit this review once I 've used it some to let you know how it performed .
 Have been using this for over a couple of months now and as the title says am a satisfied customer and will recommend the product to anyone.My car battery started acting up on me after I came back from a month long international trip , I got stuck twice in the morning to work and once from work late in the night . It was frustrating and painful . Hence I decided to buy this product and boy it saved me like 5-8 times already , it came in fully charged and I have n't charged it yet after receiving it . Jump started my car every time on the first attempt and with no issues what so ever.I finally figured out the problem with the car battery to a iPhone car charger/radio kit connected to the car . Have n't had the need to use it in the last two weeks , but I know it will not fail me if I need it.I think the shipping and delivery was un-eventful so that good.Thanks , hope some one finds the review useful , I spent a full 10 mins writing it : -RRB-
 Great jump starter . Comfortable to carry around.Key points :1 -RRB- They are selling new models now . These models do NOT need to be monitored while charging ! Once charged it 'll automatically turn the charger off and will not damage your battery2 -RRB- Clamps are always under power ! You have to be very careful if you want to put it for storage on the metal shelf
 This jump starter is the cats ! and any of the starters made after july 2010 have the upgraded led lights to tell when its charged and charging . No more worrying about overcharging the unit . The description doesnt say that you are getting the upgraded version with overcharge protection but when I opened the package to my delight . It was indeed ! The unit automatically goes into a maintenence mode once it is fully charged . I also recieved the coupon that allows you to replace the unit for 75 $ if it breaks or the battery dies regardless of how many years the original owner has it ! Thats amazing ! I used heavy duty packaging tape and folded up my reciept and coupon and taped it securely to the back of the unit so it wouldnt get lost . Just put something between the paperwork and tape so it doesnt ruin them .
 i have bought 3 of these in the past 5 or 6 years . use at auto repair shop . 100 's of times per year . can jump multiple cars when unit is new . after 2 or 3 years , needs to be charged regularly to work . has protective plastic covers with tethers on clamps . had only had 1 tether break in the past 5 or 6 years that i owned the first 2 . have had this last unit for only a month , and both tethers have broken . looked at them , and they are clearly made out of about half the material . go figure . not a deal breaker , but they definately need to go back to the way they were . also , if unit is suscepted to any moisture at all , even dew , it will ruin gauge on front . unit will still work , but there is no way to tell state of charge .
 I do not own this product . It was used by a AAA battery truck driver to jump start my BMW.An interior light drained my battery down to no charge ... at all ! I tried to use a jump starter my Mom purchased for me from QVC . That was a unit with a compressor , blender , fog horn , back massager ... you know ... all the stuff you need to jump start your car :-RRB- Needless to say , the QVC jump starter was useless , it was fully charged and barely able to give enough juice to unlock my doors.AAA showed up with this exact model of Jump-N-Carry , hooked it up to my battery -LRB- in the trunk -RRB- and the old `` Red Rocket '' fired right up ... no hesitation whatsoever . I asked the guy about it 's reliability , he said he 'd been using for years ... no problems . The unit looked like he 'd been using it for years too ... all beat up.I reviewed this product because of the personal experience , and I plan on buying one myself to keep in the trunk.Good Luck : -RRB-
 Once I received the Jump-N-Carry , I followed the instuctions and charged it up fully . Then I stored it in a warm place per the instuctions . Two days later , my daughter left her car lights on overnight . I pulled out my new Jump-N-Carry and got her car started in a few seconds . Great product !
 I 'm having battery drain issues with my Durango and did n't get a chance to fix it before heading out on a 2500 mile road trip . Bought this jumper box to take with us and boy did it come in handy . I had to use it at least ten times , without recharging it , and it never let me down.I did buy this extension cord , Panamax Max Flat Plug , for charging as well as this inverter , Cobra CPI 480 400-Watt 12-Volt DC to 120-Volt AC Power Inverter with 5-Volt USB Output -LRB- 400 watts is the max size inverter you 're supposed to use with this jumper box -RRB- . I have four 12 volt outlets in the Durango , so the idea was to hook the inverter up to recharge the Clore while on the road . I decided to see how many uses I could get out of the jumper box before recharging though , and ended up not even needing the inverter/extension cord . All that being said , it is definitely best to recharge the unit after each use.A couple things not mentioned in the product description
 If you ca n't start your car or truck with this thing , you have bigger problems than a dead battery ! This unit is one of the most powerful portable battery jumpers out there at 1700 peak amps . That 's almost twice as powerful as many other lower quality competitors.This is not a `` multi-purpose '' unit that you will find at the local big box store . It 's not an air compressor , radio , flashlight , food processor and battery jumper . It 's only a battery jumper , although it does have a `` cigarette-lighter '' style socket to power other items if needed . If you need additional functionality , Jump n Carry does make a version of this unit with a built-in air compressor . The built-in voltmeter is a nice feature which lets you know the level of charge on the battery , but that 's the extent of the bells and whistles on this thing.This unit has been updated with a more sophisticated charging mechanism . You can just plug it in and walk away from it while it 's charging ... and the unit will not allow itself to become overcharged . The original version did n't have this feature.This model may not be for everyone . This is a professional grade item and is not intended to be used by people unfamiliar with proper battery jumping procedures . Some battery jumping devices have controls built-in that will alert you if you hook the jumper cables up incorrectly . Others have safety switches that remove power to the cables while you are hooking them up . This unit has neither . So if you are n't familiar with how to properly jump-start a car , you may be better off with another model with more `` user-friendly '' features.It 's important to note that this Jump n Carry comes with a redeemable certificate for a one-time replacement unit . If -LRB- for ANY reason -RRB- this unit stops working during its lifetime , you send it back to the company with the certificate -LRB- along with $ 50 -RRB- and they will repair or replace it , no questions asked . Not a bad deal!Bottom Line
 I find these to be the highest quality . I own a car lot and we use them nearly every day . my last JNC lasted 7 years . Very interesting how the prices vary wildly . Amazon had best price w/shipping . I have bought many other brands from Walmart and Sams but they ca n't endure the daily torture of a car lot . there is no comparison to the quality of this one to those others at the retail stores . My advice pay the extra and buy a Jump and Carry brand . It will be worth it in the long run . I paid $ 123 try to shop around and reward the store with the best price . Oh yeah , Make sure you follow the instructions on the initial charging this seems to condition the battery for longer life . If those are not followed they seem to not work as well . Good Luck . . Rob S.Roy , Utah
 I 've owned a couple of inexpensive jump starters before and they really did not work well . This Clore 660 -LRB- $ 126 -RRB- works beautifully ... on 3 occasions my boat would not start becasuse of the live well and graphs running for several hours while fishing . I hooked up the clore and boat started immediately . I wo n't leave the dock without it !!!!!
 Great product and piece of mind . With winters the way they are in Chicago you want piece of mind that your car will start and this gives it to you . Not to mention you can help a fellow neighbor out as well . This is tough and well built .
 I had one of the other cheaper varieties of jumpers for my Harley.It worked pretty well in LA but when I moved to NYC things could n't crank the bike at all.This jumper works great even in the bitter NYC cold . Turns the bike on in one easy go.I would definitely recommend this over anything else you 'll see here.It does n't have the little bells and whistles but does what it 's supposed to flawlessly .
 I purchased this unit for my daughter because her car would periodically discharge the battery due to an electrical problem in the car . She used it to jump start her completely dead battery twice , and the dead battery in my mother 's car , without recharging the unit between jumps . It worked great each time . The unit is well constructed . Has heavy duty cables . Is simple to use . I purchased a second 660 for myself . You will need to locate or purchase an extension cord for recharging the unit -LRB- this seems to be typical of other jump starters -RRB- . I guess it keeps the cost down since some people already have the cord or need a different type wall plug for their location . Basically , the bulk of the price on most of these jump starters is determined by the cold cranking amps . The more amps , the higher the price . This unit does n't have many frills , but it is top of the line in power and quality .
 I purchased the 660 Jump N Carry to jump start the diesel engine on my Dodge Sprinter Van . I had called AAA previously with a dead battery and it took the combined power of their truck and a 500 amp jump starter to get the engine going . My 660 Jump N Carry started the engine on my Van when the battery went dead a second time -LRB- I have since purchased a battery disconnect switch -RRB- without any problem all by itself . Great product !
 Purchased this item to jump start vehicles , no bells and whistels , and that is what it does , and does it well . I highly recomemd this product .
 I 've owned this product for about four months , and I 've already gotten my money out of it . When the battery pack arrived it was fully charged . The battery in my car was drained , and the battery pack started it with no problem . I 've used it four times since then on the drained batteries of various friends and famly members . Each time it worked without hesitation.Charge the pack every two starts and once every two months to keep it in top shape and ready for action . There is no intelligence in the charger , so take care not to over charge the battery .
 I just replaced my old battery booster ... . the Jump-N-Carry 660 is clearly a much better built and more powerful booster . I have only had the unit for a couple of months and have only had the opportunity to test it a couple of times ... . it worked great ! I live in Upstate NY ... . will post an update after using it this upcoming winter season .
 The Solar -LRB- KK JN660 -RRB- Jump and carry 12Volt starterIs one of the strongest starters i have ever owned1700 peak AMP makes the different . You can jumpany car with a total empty battery . You can plug in tools .
 went out to start the caddy , got nuthin ! with my old stater i would eventually end up hooking directly to the battery ; which is under the back seat . i decided to try it the correct way , under the hood and she kicked it over on turn one . great product . best that i have personally used .
 Use this item daily in a automotive repair shop . Does a great job . Have had no issues jumping anything from small cars to large trucks .
 I bought this a year ago and I have a long bed sonoma truck , 4.3 liter engine and my other jumper I had wouldnt start my truck like it used to start my little car but this Clore Automotive JNC660 product fired my truck right up ! In fact I hadnt charged my JNC660 in over 6 months and went and got it out of the closet -LRB- I had used it 2 times previously already -RRB- and it was still holding a good charge and started my truck right up again . It has come in handy on more than on occasion . Its worth the price and they give you a $ 50 coupon you can use to get a new one if and when this one ever stops working . I would not hesitate to purchase this product again or recommend it to anyone . I only wish it had a 110 plug in it and not just the cigarette lighter socket to plug things into . But I bought it and use it for jumping my truck and it works even in the very cold snowy weather . Great Product !
 It 's been three months and this little battery pack has already earned it 's weight in gold . No more need to call AAA or roadside assistance . It 's fast and easy and costs a little more than a good set of cables . This is a nobrainer . What i like the most is the power it provides , It sounds like a fully charged car battery . Woke up this morning to drive the kids to school and ... oh my the battery is dead , kids nicely strapped into their car seats there ' s no need to get them out , just pull out the charger and in seconds i was good to go . Best of all i repeated this action a couple of times till I got to the garage to change the battery . Most convenient product I 've ever purchased
 This jump start is great . I have health issues and for me to be portable and enjoy my life , I can now go out and play!Thanks Amazon ! : -RRB-
 Works great ! A girls always got ta be prepared , and this charger is easy to use , and compact enough to carry and keep at the ready in your car . No more waiting for AAA , or stressing that it 's a ` Stalker ' that stops to help : =-RRB- -LRB- apologies to all the NON-Stalkers who stop to help a damsel in distress -RRB- Hey , You ca n't be too careful , , , or too well prepared ; = -RRB-
 I used this for the first time about a week after I received it . I bought it because I live in Arizona and the summer heat here tends to kill batteries in a hurry . I am hoping the battery inside this one can survive the heat sitting in my truck . I have not charged it yet . The device came with a charge already so I just put it in my truck . It came in handy to jump a mini cooper that had a dead battery . The car started right up with no waiting so it works as expected . I had to hold the device which is quite heavy because I could not find a good place to rest it under the hood of the mini-cooper . The car started quickly so holding was not an issue . The device made me the hero for about 5 minutes . It was worth the money not to have to make hook ups between vehicles and have to wait for the dead battery to charge a little.I will see how it handles the heat . Should not be any worse that a regular lead acid battery in the Arizona heat .
 My truck had a dead battery and my neighbor lent me this jump starter . All it took was a couple of cranks and my truck 's engine came to life . I immediately ordered one for myself . With this product in hand I know I will never have a battery die on me again .
 This jump starter does what it claims to do and is fantastic . I had purchased a competitive product at Costco that would not jump my dead car . This beast did it with massive amounts of power to spare .
 Have used several other cheaper boxes and they just compare to the reliability and strength of this unit.This is used daily at our shop . And it always does the job , very pleased .
 I 've only charged this thing once and it has jump started my F-350 super duty with two batteries -LRB- only connecting it to one of them -RRB- with no issues about 10 times and I have not had to recharge it yet . This thing puts all those little cheesy walmart jumper packs to shame . This seems like a jumper pack that you could use if you 're a tow truck driver or AAA . Definitely worth the money !
 I purchased this item for my wife who has a habit of leaving her headlights on now that she has a new car starter -LRB- long story -RRB- . Received the item quickly and in great shape . After charging it up I figured that it would be about a month before we would have to use it . Not so . Within a week my wife called me from the grocery store with a dead battery . I drove down to the store with the charger and made her actually use it . The unit was easy enough to handle and she had absolutely no problem connecting the cables . The car started within seconds of connecting the charger . She felt so comfortable with the charger that she carries it in her trunk and does not worry about having to wait on me to come and bail her out.This should be in everyone 's vehicle as part of an emergency kit . It is not too heavy and can be used as an additional power source when you are camping or just away from civilization to run your laptop or recharge your cell phone.Update : So we have now had this handy little charger for well over a year now and am still not disappointed . My wife now makes sure that this charger is in her vehicle evertime she goes on a long road trip . This unit is so easy to use and reliable that we are considering getting a second unit for my vehicle as well .
 At first I had my doubts about this unit because it was unable to boost start my Toyota 4runner with a starting problem . Turns out the Toyota had a shorted starter which drained just about any battery connected to it . So do n't expect this unit to start vehicles with serious electrical shorts or a complete dead battery . So I put this booster away for two years and forgot about it until this year to discover that it was still full charged and ready to work . To prove the point today I could not start up my diesel tractor since it was still running on the original battery after eleven years , without proper battery maintenance and last started two months ago . Tried to charge the battery with regular charger including in `` start '' mode but it was no go . So I hooked up my JNC660 and it kicked up my tractor without fuss . From now on this booster is going everywhere I go on the road or at home . It also has , as indicated , a 12v DC outlet to power camping electrical or in car while car is off without draining the main battery . Only recommendation I 'd make use a `` battery minder '' for recharging instead of the built-in unit .
 Excellent booster for the price . Lots of power . Built well . I klike the charger being built in .
 I have n't really tried this unit much , but it seems to be powerful and easy to charge and opperate . It 's fairly heavy and rugged ... . The one thing I 've noticed is that it doew n't have an on-off switch ; the terminals are constantly charged . Therefore , care should be taken in not touching the clamps at all time.The unit is slender and easy to store . IT takes a charge very well from an orginary extention chord . There is a volt meter which constantly reads the voltage available in the unit.It is my intention to use this power pac to jump off large outboards and a small deisel tractor . I have no question that it will jump off any 12 Volt car.I think I 'm going to really like this unit.Melton from Georgia
 My car battery was dead and the Jump N Carry started it up on the first try right out of the box ! Now its in my trunk in case my battery dies again I will be ready and not stranded !
 I have a 6 valve Nissan Maxima whose battery keeps draining , most of the auto repair guys could not find/fix the problem.So I brought this jump start , its a great product and has given me more that 20 days of jump starts with 1 charge.The cables are long and sturdy and can connect from the street up.Very great product , its commercial grade and also displays how/when the charge is down.Would recommend this to anyone looking for reliable and portable jumpstart . its very durable .
 easy to use and works . the instructions are written on the back so anyone can figure out how to use it . once connected there is no waiting before starting the engine and it turning right over .
 You could leave it sitting for days or weeks & suddenly call upon its services & it is fully juiced up . It is yet to disappoint . Highly recommend it .
 This is a great jump starter because it 's consistent and reliable . There are only two issues to consider : -LRB- 1 -RRB- There is no indicator to let you know when the unit has been fully charged , so you have to keep an eye on it . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The unit MUST be stored upright . Otherwise , the instructions say it could leak battery acid . This is a little more inconvenient , if you want to store it in your car .
 Ok picture this I had a dead battery in my Camaro the car had been sitting about a month and you know how hard it is to start a car with a dead battery that has been sitting , So I hooked up the jump starter up to the battery and it was like I just put a new battery in it , cranked and cranked until the car finally started this product is as good as they say , I bought a cheapy before and it would ' t even turn the car over , it is well worth the money I paid .
 I 've had this for a couple of months and have started 3 vehicles on the initial charge and have plenty of juice still . The top rated review is dead on ; there are no special features or added functions to this . If you need a powerful jump box without all of the bells and whistles ... this is a must have -LRB- especially for larger trucks and SUVs -RRB- . I own a Tahoe Z71 and this is a necessity for tailgating -LRB- which is a real drain on the battery -RRB- . It 's expensive but it 's well worth it .
 I got this as a gift for my husband.He requested this one as he had one before . It is very powerful and the price was the lowest I found . The order was placed and I received it the next day , FAST service from this store .
 im a tow truck driver and this pack gets used everyday about 10 times its great it starts anything would reccemond it great product
 HI THERE I WAS LOOKING FOR SOMETIME ON BUYING A NICE JUMPBOX FOR MY SHOP . I WORK FOR A TOWING COMPANY & MY BOSS WAS BUYING JUMPBOXS FOR ALOT OF MONEY ... SO I WENT ON LINE & LOOK UP BEST JUMPBOX & FOUND THE JUMP & CARRY 660 , SO I GOT ONE . STILL HAVE THE FIRST ONE & IT WORKS GREAT SO WE BOUGHT 2 MORE FOR ARE TRUCKS & SHOP . GREAT BOX TO HAVE AROUND FOR TRIPS & WINTER TIME . THE CHARGER IS BUILT INSIDE OF THE BOX SO YOU DONT LOSE THE CHARGER & THE PRICE IS GREAT FOR A BOX THAT HAS BALLS LIKE THE 660 JUMPBOX , PLUS YOU GET A CIGARETTE LIGHTER HOOK UP THAT PLUGS INTO YOUR CHARGER WHEN YOUR ON THE ROAD WORKING TO KEEP IT @ full charge . THIS JUMPBOX IS GREAT ALL AROUND VERY HAPPY THAT WE FOUND A BOX THAT WORKS GREAT & AFFORDABLE & PAYS IT SELF IN 2 USES . . AGAIN WE ARE A TOWING COMPANY & HAVE NO COMPLAINTS WITH THIS UNIT AT ALL . . THANKS AGAIN FOR A GREAT UNIT AMAZON.COM
 Do n't believe the negative reviews.This is absolutely the best battery jumper box on the market for the money.It is amazing to me how many people either ca n't read instructions , ca n't figuire out product photographs and or use products correctly.We own and operate a recreational vehicle dealership and use the box daily to move trailers on the lot.We use it to power slide-outs , operate power jacks and start vehicles.It will usually last through 8-10 units before needing re-charged compared to 1-2 units with competitors boxes.No , it does n't have a charge cord and that 's a good thing.On a heavily used box it 's just one more thing to get ripped off rendering your box useless.How simple to just plug it in to any extension cord -LRB- contrary to other reviews , it plugs into any standard heavy duty cord -RRB- . We also re-charge our units almost every night.We have never had to monitor the unit or had one overcharge.We really abuse these units and they usually last about 2 years before finally losing their ability to recharge and I would say that 's at least 500 charges.Just ordered our 4th one today .
 My company uses 6 of these in our yard and today it is -9 with a -40 windchill -LRB- Love MN ! -RRB- and these units work great ! We start 10-30 cars a day with them on a single charge.This is not your average Walmart jump box . It needs a separate standard extension cord to charge it - There is no off switch - There is no air compressor - There is no work light - There are no dummy proof features . If you do not know how to use one find someone to teach you , because you can hook it up backwards.We have been using these for 5 years at my work and I have recommended them to everyone I know that needs a Jump Box . We tried other brands and they all fell short.If you are starting bigger trucks or diesel 's get the JNC 950 that thing is a beast!The one con , the reason for the 4 star review , is that they changed the clamps over to plastic and they just do not hold up to heavy use or being dropped . We usually end up changing out the cables for longer ones so that we can leave the box on the ground while using it , so the plastic clamps really do n't stop us .
 I have this unit and its capable of starting my 2002 F-250 Diesel when the batteries are weak . As most of you know diesels have two heavy duty batteries due to the great amount of torque needed to start diesels . This unit will actually get my truck running if I have accidentally left some electrical accessory on . They are more expensive than most but worth every penny . If this unit does n't start your vehicle , its not because of a battery problem .
 Quick shippment . It 's great to have around the house . No more long cables or another car ever needed again , You can sign up for automatic reminders to recharge so you are always prepared when you need a jump start .
 Excellent Purchase . This jumper box is an great investment and will save the day , especially when you are in a jam . Everyone should own a jump and carry
 Works like a champ . Only had the need to use once . But it was there ! Well worht the price .
 I have not used the clore jumpstarter yet but by exploring the reviews & ratings it seems to be the best jumpstarter out there , I have an old Chrysler pacifica with every option possible . iwill some times go over a week without driving it , some of the options draw current while the car is parked & this will drain the battery . waiting hours for the recharger to work is irritating & so is jumping one car to another . this jumpstarter will hold a charge up to 3 months so it is always ready . seems to be the perfect solution to my problem . the 4 stars is because I have yet to use the jump starter . again amazon came up with the best price . the downside was the absence of the protective end caps for the cables . it would be nice if amazon took the hint & mailed me a set of caps HOW ABOUT IT AMAZON YOU CAN SCORE SOME PUBLIC RELATION POINTS HERE ...
 My husband wanted one of the these to take on his boat for the what if times out on the lake . Have not needed it yet , but feel it is a great product .
 This was a Christmas gift for my father in law . When I ask him about the Jump-N-Carry he had not used it as of this time .
 This product was bout for personal use . I had a dead battery in my 1986 Bronco II and this was shipped really quickly . I charged it over night and took it out and used several cranks to start my truck . I will try and get back on here again a little later and update the review once I put it to the test of something a little bigger and a harder engine to crank .
 the product was as described , it performed satisfactorily , would recommend it for heavy duty battery jump starting definitely .
 I have n't had much of a chance to test it but it 's well built and it 's kept it 's charge since I bought it . Started my Caravan once from right dead and it was just like having a fully charged battery . Plan on using it on big trucks that I deliver so I 'll add to this when I get a chance to use it more .
 I bought this item on a Saturday night and was on my doorstep on Tuesday . This is a top of the line item at a great value .
 Started my dual battery diesel truck TWICE in one day!Believe me , it takes a LOT of power to start a high compression Cummins engine.Now thats a jumper , excellent product/value/seller in all respects.Had it 2 years now , still tip top condition .
 I 've never felt compelled to submit a product review before , but I bought the JNC660 about a year and a half ago because I travel a lot , my car sits frequently without use , and my -LRB- new -RRB- battery has repeatedly required jumping . I LOVE this jump starter ! It has worked beautifully and quickly for me at least 6-7 times already , including in below-freezing temps . I previously went to an automotive store and bought a different $ 60-70 model which also had a compressor . It did literally NOTHING to jump my car when I needed it , and I tried several times . The most I could get out of it was weak clicking of the starter . With this model , my car started right up once connected . Plus -- it 's easy to use -LRB- I 'm a girl and have jumped my car using this , by myself -- not hard at all -RRB- Love it . Needed it again this weekend . Could n't be without it .
 This is the most powerful jumpstarter for the money , If you have a big V-8 and need those extra Amps to get your car started when there is very cold weather or your battery is low , this baby is your answer . The rest of the auto parts stores jumpstarters are for kiddy cars and this one really works on tuff jobs .
 One of the best decisions I very made . Works great ! Allows me to charge or start battery with ease . Love it and I own three .
 This has gOt to be the best battery jumper on the market . I work in a car dealership service dept and have used many jump starters . This is hands down the best .
 Bought this off a tool truck about 10 years ago for almost $ 200 . It can still start a big block with a compleatly dead battery . I 've seen coworkers go through several cheap boxes -LRB- not so cheap in the end -RRB- over the years . This jump starter has spent most of its life in the tool box in my truck bed and has never failed.An inexpencive inveter plugged into the outlet will run a compact flouresent lamp for hours in a power outage .
 Greetings !!! -LRB- includes MYTHS RESOLVED -RRB- ... please excuse any typos.I just bought this Jump Starter and from right out of the package I can appreciate this product.The # 4 cables allow for the smallest votage drop accross the leads on a high current draw jump start.The reason for the shorter cables is also for this very reason , to keep the voltage drop low . I boughtthis Jump Starter because of the quality/heavy duty clamps and # 4 size cable . The lower the number the better ... I did not have any problem `` balancing '' or positioning this unit on 4 different cars I own.The built in charger is a must and this baby has just what you need to accessorize with the 12V spareoutlet.This unit is very compact and easy to lift as it is not bulky . Although , there may be a few of us thatmight experience a problem with this . The unit 's battery is heavy in order that a battery will meet theheavy starting amp rating to start a car with a dead battery . The design of the battery makes it so.A FEW MYTHS RESOLVED : UPDATE
 This is an excellent product , well built , great battery and looks intimidating . The amps provided are just way beyond regular needs and it has everything a pro needs . Amateurs beware because this unit does n't have some security features made for fools , like the inverted polarity warning or charge warning . I 'm really happy with this product .
 I got the jump and Carry 300XL along with the Jump and Carry 660both are really Good Jump starters.I use the 300XL for my Van while and cars with V4 and V6 enginesthat had the battery drained by leaving the heads lights on and it worked great.while I use the 660 for my V8 ford Crown victoria once totake it in for a new battery.The 660 jump and Carry made this car come back to lifebefore connecting it to the battery no lights will come onno dome light no clicking sound from the starter.when I connect it to the battery the dome light came on and the engine startedright up on the first try and in 2 secords.I would say if you got a car with a big engine then get one of thesejump and carry 660 they work great and save you time and money .
 Within a week of receiving the Jumpstart , I got to use it on my daughter 's 2002 Honda Odyssey . It worked instantly . My only complaint is that the instruction pamphlet is almost useless . Customer service answered my questions . So far very happy with the product .
 I bought this unit because I heard that it was the best one . When I first used it , my '93 Corolla still would n't start . At first , I was completely shocked because I read so many good reviews about this product and how it can jumpstart even the most powerful truck . Well after taking my car to the repair shop , it turns out my car had some electrical problems that was causing the battery to go dead and plus , the car had a bad starter . So to be fair I should n't really blame the product for failing on me since my car was in really bad shape.I 'm still giving this product 5 stars because as far as I can tell , the unit seems to be of excellent sturdy quality . If my car had a good starter , I 'm confident that this unit would 've jumpstarted my car with no problem at all . A few minor complaints though . I wish the cables were just a tad longer because it barely was able to reach over to my engine for hookup when I had the unit sitting on the ground . I 'm not sure if the cables could actually reach a much taller car for hookup . So you might want to be aware of this if you have a tall car . Also , it can be quite difficult to wrap the cables back up properly after using it . And finally , I wish the unit came with a separate storage case of some sort so that you can store it somewhere when it 's not being used to keep it from getting dirty or damaged or whatever . But I guess I can just use the shipping box that it came with for now . I keep this product in the trunk of my car , by the way .
 Product arrived quickly . have used it several times already and it preformed great . would recommend to others , Thanks for a Great product.Don
 I purchased a Wagan 2524 500 amp jump starter , which after 38 hours of charging , and 20 minutes of being connected to the battery , merely cranked the battery a bit . Needless to say , I will be returning this to Fry 's . I received the Clore JNC660 the other day , and let it charge for barely 24 hours . The LED lights green when it has completed charging.I hooked it up to the car battery , turned the ignition key , and the car instantly started . I was able to jump the car a 2nd time this morning with charging the JNC660.The only recommendations I would make are to make the base wider , so that it can have more stability when it is sitting under the hood . Also , I would prefer it if there was an `` On '' button or switch so that when you are setting it up the power is not live .
 First use was on my sons pickup which has been sitting about 2 months and the battery was so dead that it would not even light the under hood light and it started it right up
 This is an excellent product , and the exceedingly few negative reviews seem to be from folks that did not fully read the product description to understand what was included with the unit or how it is charged.That being said , the only real issue I have with this charger is that the battery clamps are ALWAYS live . Unlike other similar jumper units , the jumper clamps are not able to be turned on and off . This just means you have to be careful while using the unit and be aware if the clamps come loose from their storage brackets and contact each other that they WILL short out .
 I purchased the Clore Automotive JNC660 Jump-N-Carry to keep at home to jump off my whole house generator in the rare event of a battery failure , which happened in the onset of Hurricane Isaac and I had to jump off the battery in the generator when the commercial power failed . The Clore Automotive JNC660 Jump-N-Carry is the perfect emergency battery jump off system in the event of a battery failure .
 We have a truck that often is not run for weeks at a time and when we need it the battery is dead . We have a jump starter but it was not strong enough to start the truck , so ordered this one . This device came , my husband went out with it and within a few minutes the truck was running . He is very happy with it !
 Best jumpbox out there.you can go weeks without charging and still performs.I have a used car lot and this is vital for my daily operation.best of luck !
 I am writing a review as I finally had a legitimate use for this JNC660 . My wife 's co-worker 's car completely died on her in a parking lot . We drove out there and it was DEAD . Hooked up the JNC660 up and the car turned over without a problem . After a trip to the auto parts store for some testing it was determined that the alternator was bad . This jump starter had no problem turning the car -LRB- granted it was just a little Ford Escort -RRB- over even with a battery that had been seriously drained.This was after the jump starter had been sitting inside of a vehicle that is kept outside , in Georgia , for an entire spring/summer .
 I thought I 'd only get to use this on the occasions where my battery runs dead . Well , it has served its purpose and got me out of embarrassing situations . But the product can also be used to power portable compressors to pump tires , recharge cell phones , and other situations where you need 12V battery power.Good , quality build . Battery hold the charge well and can boost several dead batteries before a recharge is required . Highly recommended product.Update as of Nov 19 , 2012 : I ordered a second unit as backup as I have several vehicles now . The design of the terminals have changed . Much better in my opinion . My first unit only had one charge since I got it last year . It 's amazing how these are able to store power and make it available when you need it . Works great on my bikes too when the batteries go dead on me .
 I had one of these and have saved many people with my jump n carry ... so I bought one for my son & one for my daughter !
 Excellent product , far better than the ones at the home improvement stores . Works every time and holds a charge a long time .
 I have not had to use this yet . Seems sturdy . Carry it when I travel . Seems like it was charged when it got here . Checked it twice now -- once after being in the cold for a couple of weeks -- same charge level showed . Hope it works if I need it to work .
 This is a very powerful booster , just plug up a extension cord and it has a light that will let you know when its done charging . Has a button to push to show the state of charge that it has , the only thing i wish they would do is add a cut-off switch so you do not have to be so careful when unwrapping and hooking up the clips . It has plastic caps that you clamp over the top of the clips to keep from shorting out the booster box .
 Have used this to start many co-workers cars in the extreme cold this winter . Only charged it once this year and it has held up to multiple starts . Great little product for the price and IMO is better to use than having jumper cables attached to your personal vehicle .
 After attempting to jump start our large box truck with our pickup , we ordered this product . My husband travels , so I had to use it alone since he was out of town when it arrived . I have no mechanical skills , and was able to follow the directions on the back of the unit , with no problems . It came fully charged , and ready to use . It worked great , instantly started the truck . I love how easy it is to use , and how powerful it is . So far I have used this 4 times . Once on my vehicle , and 3 times I have helped others start their vehicles during the last cold snap , It has never failed to start a vehicle on the first key turn . Easy to charge , and easy to carry and easy to use . I am ordering another one for my sister . I love knowing that if I have a low battery , or leave those lights on , I am not stranded and at the mercy of others . I am thrilled with this purchase , and would highly recommend this item .
 Best jump starter for the $ $ , best value possible I have owned it for some time now and it always starts my car .
 Super Awesome jump starter box ... . Works extremely well . Easy to charge either while the car is running or with your home outlet
 I purchased this starter over 2 months ago and just used it today to jump start 3 different cars within 15 minutes . The starter sat unopened in the original shipping box for 2 months until I needed it today to jump 3 out of our 4 cars . The weather in NY has been below freezing and the cars had not been used during the week and as a result the batteries were dead when we tried to start them this morning . Opened up the starter right out of the box without charging it and it started the our minivan immediately . Same with the 2nd car . Same with the 3rd car , which had been sitting in my driveway dead for over a month . This was 3 consecutive jump starts all within approximately 15 minutes , and all 3 cars started up immediately .
 This jump box works great and as advertised . I used it to start an engine that had not been started for months and had to crank the engine over a dozen times before it started and then I thought the jump box would need to be recharged and when I plugged it in the light came on and said that it was fully charged and it did n't need to be charged . If you want a great jump box this is the one to get .
 I bought my car for about $ 1000 , and it works , but it has a lot of problems . For some reason the battery is constantly draining itself dead , I 've tried fixing it many times , but never any luck . Anyways I bought this , b/c I figured it would be a good idea to have it around , and it 's worked out great . I 've had to jumpstart my car about 4-6 times a week , and never fails me . I got about 2 weeks and 10 jumps out of it with out recharging it . I even jumpstarted my buddies truck , big V8 , no problems . Would recomend .
 We have one at work and one at home . We have had both for about four years . The one at the college I work at jump starts Chevy 5500 series buses and V-10 Ford buses , and V-8 Ford 15 passenger vans . If a car will not jump with this unit , then the problem is not the car 's battery.The only problem are the clamps . If you are not careful putting them back , they will cut into the cable , I have had to put gaffers tape on the handles so they will not cut the cable as they are bring stored . I have the one at work on a battery maintainer which keeps the unit fully charged but I hear the new models have automatic charging which is great.I also have a Powerstation jump starter that is two years old with a light , aircompressor , and an off and on switch . I accidently left the on switch on after starting a van . A week later the jumper is completely dead and I am unable to recharge the jumper . If you leave the light , on/switch or other accessory on by mistake , you can permenently damaged the battery jumper . That is probably the reason these Jump and Carrys are reliable . There is nothing else that can run down the internal battery.Jump and Carry has a great jumper , superior and more powerful than other jumpers I have had in the past . I have had comsumer packs before and they are either not stong enough or do n't hold a charge long enough . Please Clore Automotive , fix your clamps and you will have a perfect product!I love the analog gauge , better than flashing led lights .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I bought it primarily to use at our second home in Colorado for starts in cold weather . Shipping was very fast .
 The JNC660 is a professional quality jump box . My recent purchase of one was for a birthday present for my father-in-law . He was impressed by mine when I rescued him roadside when his car battery recently died . The one I have is ten years old and is on its third core battery . Very solid and durable . I owned a professional car repair facility and it was used all of the time . Do not confuse this quality item with the cheap imported boxes found in parts stores . I bought mine off of a tool truck at 50 % more than the Amazon price . Its self contained with a built in charger to recharge when it is low on charge . Ideal for farm or shop . I take it on the boat to extend trolling motor life . I recommend it highly !
 Cranked up a few cars so far on it 's initial charge - compact - definitely heavier than some - but that 's likely why it has 660 CCAsso far , so good !
 I purched this item in December 2008 , it is now Feb 2010 . I have used it to jump start my Ford F-150 pickup with a large 5.4 lt. 8 cyl . engine , over 2 dozen times -LRB- yea I know - I have to break down & get a new battery for my truck -RRB- ; I have only re-charged it 3 times & it is still going strong.Five years ago I had a consumer model jump starter - and it would not start my truck even once ; this one has started my truck even when the battery was completly dead . I live in western New York State , where the temp . get 10 to 15 degrees below zero -LRB- farenheight -RRB- , in the winter & I leave it in my truck -LRB- no grage -RRB- year round . One night last month I had to jump my truck & the temp was -12 and the wind was blowing - I took the 660 out of my truck , hooked itup and started my truck and had it put away behind my back seat in about one minute TOTAL!Before I bought this model I check all the stores and the internet and read all the reviews on several models - the Jump and Carry 660 had the best reviews - most of the other jumpers wer n't much better than my first one - most only worked for 2 to 3 jumps and then would not hold a charge . I then decided to buy a professional model and not a consumer one . The only change I would make for this model would be a light telling you that it was chargeing . I paid $ 140.00 for it one year ago - I would have paid more - and now it 's a real bargain.If you are looking for conveinence and security , then the Jump and Carry 660 would be money well spent.Danny G.
 We have had a problem with a random phantom power drain killing our 2007 ESV 's battery -LRB- turns out it was 3 bad OEM batteries ... this 4th battery is working fine and we have not used this jump starter since then -RRB- First we tried one of those jump-starts from Costco -LRB- 900 peak amps -RRB- , but it only worked if their was a good amount of juice still in the battery . It is more useful as an air pump than a jump-starter . Next we tried our 70lb DieHard Platinum deep-cycle battery we use for camping , but that also proved to not have enough peak amps to be really useful.A key factor for buying this 660 -LRB- besides the 1,700 peak amps -RRB- was the lack of a control switch protecting you from putting the connectors on the wrong terminals . It seems that jump starters that have this safety device are useless if the battery is completely dead because they can not tell if it is connected properly . Seven times over the past year our battery has been 100 % dead in the morning . So far , we have been using a 20amp wired battery charger , but we were scared that one day there will not be an outlet handy.Update - We have used it four times now and it worked just fine and it does not take up much space in the back and I like how tidy it keeps itself . The cords are the perfect length to always fit just right and the white translucent molded plastic covers fit nicely over the contacts and it looks like they are not going to go missing or break anytime soon -LRB- they have a loop around the cable so they will not get misplaced -RRB- . Update 2 - it is three years now and I am tempted to get a 2nd one now that it is the Amazon deal of the day -LRB- to have a fresh battery -RRB- .
 I have not used the unit yet , so can not comment on its performance . I do like that the new models , unlike the older models , can be plugged into an AC outlet continuously without damaging the internal battery because of overcharging . I wish the unit had an on/off switch for the jumper cables , and would like longer cables . If you want more detailed information , you can go to cloreautomotive.com and print the specifications sheet and owner 's manual . The specifications sheet has information that is not in the owner 's manual , so you might want to print both . The owner 's manual is accessed by clicking on `` Resources . ''
 Have n't had to jump many of our cars yet . I 've only charged the unit that first time . But , three weeks later , and a couple of jumps , it 's still at max charge .
 This charger is one of the best on the market today . I have tried others that looses charge after a couple of uses but not the JNC660 . I am loving it !
 i have a 99 gsf1216s and it needed some colder plugs , these replaced the JR9B plugs perfectly but just a little colder
 Got it on Juke 2011 , and it looks awesome . Since the original exhaust was a single pipe , this new one sits alittle low , but looks very good . Ofcourse Amazon offered this at about twenty percent discount when i bought it . This has to be welded into the exhaust pipe and expect about seventy to hundred dollars of fitting charges .
 Ma loves Taz , so when I saw this I had to get it for her birthday . Its perfect for her truck and she went crazy when she saw it , showed it to everyone . It is very solid , seems very well made . Only issue was the torn to shreds envelope the hitch was in . It would seem a better investment in lessening damaged products like these if they were boxed . Otherwise , we love it .
 I am a big TAZ fan and did n't know there was a TAZ hitch cover . I was amazed at the price and the quality of the cover . I reallylove it .
 We purchased a new Durango and had a hitch installed . I have always hated the open tube . When I saw Taz I knew I had to have him.I got him and installed him in the receiver -LRB- and yes , get a locking pin so he does not wander off -RRB- . Each time I walk by Taz I give him a wink ... He actually will wink back -LRB- no I am not THAT crazy -RRB- . The head is heavy gauge metal and I can see that it will hold up for years .
 Purchased it for my Husband a Taz lover . its on our Jeep and works great .
 From the time I put the Taz Head Hitch Plug on my truck , I got numerous compliments on it . In fact , if I did not have it locked down , it would have been taken in less than 5 minutes after I installed it . I love it ! It adds a lot to the decor of my truck and I am proud to have this item on the back of my truck . I have tried many items on the hitch receiver but none have stood out as fantastic as my Taz .
 Excellent quality . Competitor was not able to supply , and their cost was almost double.Great service .
 The fit of this product is pretty good and the quality seems quite good for the price , but there is a slight flaw
 Being particular about wipers and how they clean a windshield during fowl weather , I have to rate Trico second and Motorcraft first . Anco is a good product too but finishes in third . All brands use metal blades which by far excel over those plastic versions .
 I was surprised by how fast and easy the replacement was . This blade fits and works like a charm . I would definitely purchase this model again .
 Product was just how i wanted it . Very quick delivery and very easy buy ! THANKS ! ... I would definitely recommend them !
 These babies are beefy heavy 1/4 '' chrome plated steel.Outstanding chrome . The adjustable arms are very well made.Great quality . Seems to me that they could be made of lighter material . They bolt to the aluminum floorboards which would be the weak link anyway and it 's not like you are going to put your full body weight on these peg mounts .
 I 'm going to make this short and sweet
 Very pleased with this product . Was very easy to install , even the part that included drilling 3 holes per mount . Have held up very well to a season of riding and loof forward to many more seasons to come .
 I love how its a perfect fit for my solara . It completely blocks out the sun unlike those universal reflectors you buy from stores . I have a black interior and this makes a huge difference on warm days . I recommend this if you want to keep your car a little cooler .
 A Perfect fit , that leaves my Solara comfortable even on the hottest days . The only drawback is also its design success ; this item will not fold up and slip into a glovebox .
 I bought this filter for my 97 Toyota Camry 5S-FE because I am a purolator fanatic and knew that this filter would be perfect for my car . It fits perfectly and the quality is top notch . My only complaint is the transmission pan gasket that it comes with . It is a cork/rubber hybrid gasket and they do n't last very long before they start to disintigrate . I had an extra all rubber gasket from an duralast transmission filter that was virtually brand new so I decided to reuse that . I know the rubber will last much longer and provide a more secure seal both now and further down the road . But as for the filter , absolutely nothing to complain about . Give your car the best with Purolator and you wo n't ever have a problem again with filtration
 Just had this steering wheel put on my 86 Porsche 944 turbo . Check and double check that you get the right adapter kit for your vehicle and also make sure if you need a steering wheel extender , to buy that also . Not as good as MOMO but still pretty darn good . I would recommend and i would purchase again .
 I put this on a 2007 Subaru Forester X and it works wonderfully . Deep sound and low back pressure . Great design the balances volume and performance . Pretty small too so it was easy to fit in with a nice long tip . It is a straight through design so in between shifts and a deaccel there is some rumble that sounds pretty cool .
 I have to say that this is a GREAT buy . My mechanic wanted to order me a Magnaflow which cost $ 290 for the muffler alone , through him . This Borla performance muffler is just awesome , it 's not just the incredible price tag , its what you get for your hard earned money!The sound Borla creates , at least on my BMW 323is e36 , is very stunning . Heads turn when I drive by and any car enthusiast 's curiosity is sparked when I 'm around the block . I 'm not kidding , this thing is LOUD.With the inline 6 I have the exhaust system straight piped from the cat with 3 '' piping , to the muffler with a nice custom Tip , resonator deleted . The sound is really manageable , if I do n't feel like riding too loud I simply decrease how much I gas it . But when you are going this thing gets LOUD.Coupled with the BMW engine its a very raw , smooth sound . No high pitched Rice Rocket crap here , the car idles with a purrr like noise that is just awesome , Things like downshifting and rev matching just sound awesome , if I simply gas it in first or second gear with the clutch out , then stop gassing and let the engine decelerate , it creates a loud droning that alerts you of a great exhaust 's presence . It pops and crackles like a tuned race car does.In the lower gears it sounds just raw , like pure engine with a borla flavor . When under 4k RPMS I feel a little shaking from underneath the car that resonates up to my cabin . If I have the rear gill windows open then sometimes they rattle , but otherwise there is nothing making noise besides the radio and the exhaust . In the higher RPMS this thing only gets louder , and past 4k I feel an extra `` oomph '' factor.This is a wonderful buy , its a universal exhaust and is very lightweight , as is all the stainless steel piping . -LRB- The original piping and muffler were SO rusty and incredibly heavy ! It took 3 people to hold on to the muffler as we took it off , but my mechanic held the new Borla in one hand with ease ! -RRB- I highly recommend Borla , this is by no means a cheap muffler , you get your performance and it sounds amazing ! I have recommended it to a couple of friends , one friend in a Mazda Speed 3 and another in an STi . Both sound incredible , not quite like mine but the boxer engine and whatever the hell Mazda uses both also sound raw and smooth , I hate raspy exhausts , high pitched ones , etc. . This gives you neither . Highly recommended!I instantly sensed a better throttle response in my car , and in the higher RPM 's it seemed to pick up a little more quickly . Gas mileage is also just a bit better .
 What is there to say about them ? ARP makes the best product hands down . Make sure when you install them to use the lubricant on all of the threads . When you tighten the studs into the block , finger tighten , and then back them out about 1/4 to 1/2 of a turn . These studs will expand and contract with temperature change , so they need that bit of space to prevent block damage.Tighten them to a max of 80FT/LBS , going in 20 pound increments.Tighten order :9 | 5 | 2 | 4 | 87 | 3 | 1 | 6 | 10
 Bought these to lift my utility trailer , giving it additional ground clearance . It did the job !!
 Although the lock pattern is fairly common these days , they serve the intended purpose and appeared to be good quality upon installation .
 product was what i expected came with a plate decal and two decal stickers . fit fine easy to install sounds great . now im just waiting on my other orders to complete my current project .
 Hi , I use this every time after feeling anxious . It will releive my mild anxiety is about 15-20 minutes . Can not live without it .
 These wipers are intended for use when all else fails . 2006 Toyota Highlander was built without a decent way to replace the rear window wiper , but these fit nicely after cutting to correct length . I 'll disagree with some here that substituted these as refills . They 'd be better off replacing the entire wiper assembly , or purchasing the correct replacement part rather than these universal ones . Keeping in mind the intent of these wipers , they are great .
 I looked around at the auto supply and big box stores in my area . No one seems to stock these wiper blade refills any more . Wall Mart does n't have them and one guy at Advanced Auto Parts told me that the entire blades usually fail so that 's why they only stock the entire blades -LRB- at a premium price I might add -RRB- instead of these less expensive refills . He 's full of it . My 12 year old truck still has the original wipers and they are in excellent shape.My only regret is that you ca n't find just the rubber blades , cut them to length , and use the existing stays that you have which are stainless steel anyhow . The extruded rubber would cost only about 10cents . The only people that give this product a really bad rating are those people that ordered the wrong size ! It is clear that it is 16 '' to 22 '' and a width of 6mm . If you do n't know what size you need , go measure what you have . 6mm is about a quarter of an inch -LRB- .263 inches to be more precise -RRB- . And , surely you can measure the length and not be dissapointed if you order the wrong size!Also , they are n't really up to 22 '' . Their maximun length is 21 & 1/2 '' -LRB- 550 mm -RRB- However , I believe they will work fine if you need a length of 22 '' . I needed something a bit shorter so they worked excellent for me .
 2006 Honda Element - 6mm Fit the front wipers , using the original Honda blade assemblies , on my vehicle perfectly with two sections snapped off . These are a good alternative to wasting money replacing the entire blade assembly every 6 months . Thank you TRICO for giving me a money saving option - - $ 6.99 + tax , per pair , at AutoZone .
 These were the only wipers I could find to fit my back window . It worked out great even though I sliced my finger open trying to get them installed . More my fault than the products but oh well
 This was perfect for replacing my wipers . It was very easy to install and cut the overage . I thought it would be a perfect fit on both wipers but it only fit one . At least I have an extra one for the next exchange .
 Perfect fit , no need for trimming for the front wipers . Beats getting a set including blades from OEM for ~ $ 40 since the A4/B6 version is non-standard . Not sure about durability though .
 This product is equal to the original.Very good product , I recommend buying another and , if necessary.OuvirLer foneticamenteDicion&aacute;rio - Ver dicion&aacute;rio detalhado
 The hitch bar was delivered in just a few days , new condition , no problems . Would buy from this company again .
 I put this muffler on my R32 swapped GTI . The sound is just awesome after 2k miles . Its was a little raspy at first but once it got seasoned it just sounded nice and tuned like a cat-back system . It does have some drone from 55-65 , but nothing I cant live with , usually Im going faster or slower than those speeds .
 These worked pretty well , I might have to get some more of these for my new car , they were easy to install
 This is the second time that I buy this item and I am happy to get it back due to the fact that are strong and long last in my vehicle . I will continue on buying them as needed .
 Man dude this exhaust is great . I got 60 horse power from my dyno and the sound is crisp I love it . It was worth every penny .
 The multimeter works just as advertised - I have an '81 Westy , and everything that I need to check -LRB- dwell , charging system , tach , impedance , and much more -RRB- can be done with this product . The instruction manual is well written , and the leads with aligator clips as well as probes are easy to use . Forget the high-priced , gee-whiz , cook-your-breakfast models if all you need is a utilitarian tool .
 The Actron CP7676 Digital Multimeter is useful except the battery is screw in . You need to unscrew to replace the battery.The function and display are the best part . It 's clear and easy to use . I used it for car repair . Although I did n't fix my car , it gave me a lot of clue for what 's not the problem . Overall I like this product .
 I was pleased with the Actron Digital Multimeter . It was a good price and the multimeter was user friendly .
 Had a slight problem with the product but upon contacting the seller about my problem , he not only responded quickly but even CALLED me and went above and beyond expectations . The product itself is excellent . I use it to tune my car since I do n't have a dashboard tachometer and my car is old so I have to adjust dwell . Also great for tracing wiring problems . Every DIY mechanic needs one of these . A +
 I purchased the Actron CP7676 digital multimeter for my boat because it has a built in dwell meter in addition to the typical functions of a multimeter . I 've been banging this meter around in my boat , car , garage , everywhere and it just keeps going and going . Great little meter for very little money and a great option for guys who need access to a dwell meter but do n't want to spend a lot of money to get one.I would recommend this !
 product arrived quickly and as described - great price - great service - installed easily and is working as expected
 Gr8 Product Will recommend to any buyer , had this installed on my Nissan Skyline to add a little height to the back , very impressed with it , easy to install and you can adjust height to suit your taste , just jack up your vehicle install .
 I like the construction on these . Sturdy , yet not so heavy they are cumbersome . Super-easy to install . Use two per spring so they balance the spring .
 I got these spacers for my 1996 and 1997 van . Even after replacing the shocks , the suspensions seemed too soft and had lost that firm `` new '' feeling . I can not afford new coil springs with the installation costs , so this solved the `` problem '' in less than an hour and I did the work myself in my driveway . Now the vans have a firmer ride -LRB- that I like -RRB- , handles better , and carries loads without ` wallowing ' , and the headlights going skyward . I put these spacers on all four coil springs on the my '97 van , and on just the rear of the '96 model since that is the one that my wife usually drives . She likes the softer feel .
 bought this for my 2005 van , driver rear coil spring was a little soft/sagging , fit this in and adjusted and works great , no more bottoming out over bumps in road .
 This is a very good product to adjust a sagging spring or even to balance out the car . It is easy to install !
 These were easy to install on my 1995 Honda odessey . Could not want anything more . Excellent product that meets all expectations .
 Installed on 2008 Subaru Impreza -LRB- rear suspension only -RRB- . Unfortunately I have had a sagging left rear coil since day 1 of my new car . Dealerships would n't warrant it since it was within tolerance . But at times the difference between left and right rear suspension was almost 1.5 inches at times . Installation was easy for me because all I did was slip it within the coils . The spacer has a split so it can open up for an easy install . All I did was raised the back end of my car -LRB- relieved enough space on the springs -RRB- , lubricated the spacer , slipped the spacer between the coils , lowered car , and that 's it . Luckily the spacer cleared the strut dust boot so the spacer interfered with nothing . I regained approximately 3/4 to 1 inch of ride height . The sagging caused my left rear to have a bit more excess neg camber and was wearing out the inner part of the tire just slightly more than the right rear tire.These coil spring spacers were the perfect solution for sagging springs . Depending on your coil -LRB- front or rear -RRB- diameter , this can be mounted at the base , top or within the coil . If your coil diameter is slightly smaller/bigger then you have no choice but to install the spacer within the coil . The coils spacer was larger in diameter than my coils but this just made the installation easier because nothing really had to be removed for an intercoil installation.These are the dimensions.Outer Diameter
 I installed a set of these on my '96 Impala SS in about 10 minutes . You simply jack the car up , put it on stands , then slip these into the coils . I used soapy water to help them slide in easier.One of these donuts is about the same as cutting a coil , when it comes to adding spring rate , and it added about an inch of lift to the front of my car .
 installed on honda oddysey to lift rear.these performed great.gave me about 2 inch of lift without changing sagging springs .
 THANK YOU , THIS PRODUCT IS A VERY GOOD ENHANCEMENT FOR COIL SPRINGS ON MY 2002 JEEP GRAND CHEROKEE IT HAS GIVEN ME ABOUT AN 1 '' OF HEIGHT , AND IT SEEMS TO HELP SOME WHEN GOING OVER POTHOLES . TO ME THIS PRODUCT WAS VERY HELPFUL . THIS IS WHAT I NEEDED , I DONT USE IT FOR LOAD JUST TO ENHANCE MY TRUCK , I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT ONCE AGAIN THANK YOU . AND AMAZON AMAZING PRODUCTS I IM A CUSTOMER FOR LIFE . THANK YOU AMAZON .
 Installes easily in less than 10 minutes . No real lift -LRB- 2000 expedition -RRB- but stiffened up the coils . If you are looking for lift you should get another product . Works fine because I wanted something that reduced the ` squat ' I was getting with heavier loads . Only been a couple of weeks will follow up in a couple months .
 I used these to raise the back of my Toyota Solara to avoid rubbing my aftermarket tires on the wheel well . I put them between the 4th and 5th spring coil which were initially separated by about 1/2 '' . Since these spacers are a total of 1 '' in height , this gave me an extra 1/2 '' of ride height which is what I needed . Instructions
 This a success story . For the longest time the front end of my Acura sat about 1 '' too low causing it to bottom-out on speed bumps hit . I would also hit cement parking blocks which destroyed the under-side of my front bumper . Lo and behold , Superior Coil Spring Spacers . I 've only had them on for a day so I 'm unsure of the durability , however , for sixteen dollars I managed to solve a problem that could have cost $ 300 to $ 1200 to fix .
 Good , thick , well made spacer . Does not change unloaded vehicle ride height on midsize to large Ford or GM cars.For installation on the rear of Ford and GM cars just jack the rear of the vehicle by the FRAME and insert spring spacers . That 's all there is to it.Stiffens rear suspension a bit and decreases sag when vehicle is heavily loaded with passengers , heavy trunk loads or trailer towing.Much cheaper than new springs , air shocks etc.Will NOT fit Ford vehicles with Air Suspension .
 This item was exactly what i wanted and was easy to install.I shopped around and this was the best price .
 I had noticed that the front coil springs on my 1998 grand marquis did n't have enough travel , there was about 11/2 '' between the rubber travel bumper and the frame , the ride had gotten harsh like there was the lack of spring travel so I knew that the front coils needed replacement but I wanted to give the rubber coil spring spacer a try before I spent the money for springs and its not that easy to replace coils when working on jack stands and a creeper in a tight garage.The coil spacers went in relatively easy but required a little ingenuity and muscle.I jacked the car and placed jack stands under the frame to allow the suspension to drop all it could , I removed the shocks since I wanted to replace them also.I wiped the coils clean and sprayed between the coils and on the rubber spacer with silicone,wd-40 or another type spray lubricant would work ok.I then took a pry bar and open the coil a little and started one end of the spacer , from there it was push and pull at the same time till the spacer was in place -LRB- I worked alone , a helper would have made it easier by opening the coil with a pry bar -RRB- . Note
 This tank was listed as fitting a 1995 S10 pickup.Tank fit OK but needed some bending around the flange that separates the upper and lower portions of the tank . This was needed to make the straps fit . Also you 'd need the padding material that goes under the straps . I used some outdoor thin carpet . The 20 gal . tank actually filled to 18.4 gals however I believe this is normal and inline of the OE tank 's capacity.The packaging was not good . Shipped in a cardboard box without additional padding . The box had been tossed around during shipment and it had several holes and a few dents in the tank.A new locking ring and O-ring seal were included . The seal was slightly smaller than the hole but I stretched it slightly and it appears to have sealed the sending unit satisfactorily.All-in-all the product is satisfactory and the price is reasonable thru Amazon
 The spring really helps to keep my crf230 from bottoming out on small jumps . If you weigh over 200 this spring is the best way to help with bottoming and obtaining proper race sag on your bike without replacing the entire shock or getting a revalve . I have found despite other reviews that I DO have enough rebound damping and it does not try to buck me off . This setup worked for me without a new 600 dollar rear shock . Its still no motocross bike but it can soak up hits on the trail much better than before . I have used BBR to replace the front springs as well and to me the bike rides much better . Even my 150lb girlfriend noticed the difference and loves riding with this spring , point being it does not seem to be `` over sprung ''
 These mats are realy very precious . They look nice in my car and save on the carpet wear . I hate to even put my feet on the . My daughter adores them . They are of excellent quality , too .
 i just love having this in my truck . only got one cause thats all that was available at the time.need to get one more . i love tinkerbell
 My 2004 truck gas cover broke . Found this replacement at half the cost of a dealer . Easy to install . Took about 10 minutes .
 I was very happy finally have my gas tank door fixed . This was very easy and did not take long at all . One recommendation to make it even easier ... loosen the hose clamp that holds the gas line to the frame . If you follow the gas line down from the fill hole , it will bend -LRB- approx 12 &#34; down from the fill hole -RRB- . There is a hose clamp at this bend . Loosen it . It will give you a little more &#34; wiggle room &#34; when you are fitting the door assembly thru the hole.My boss had this same problem on his truck . He took it to the shop . They charged him $ 50 for parts and $ 100 for labor . This is way cheaper and is really easy.Shipping time was great too , even with regular shipping . Thanks !
 This saved me $ 300.00 at the local Ford dealer . And it took about 15 minutes to install , wow what a bargain !
 raw stainless , good welds , little lighter than i expected -LRB- weight -RRB- , nice deep tone , sound good when put your in it . little louder than I care for but I wouldn ' t remove it .
 I got two of these . I put one on a 6cyl and one on a 4cyl . The one on the 3.2 L v6 sounds great , it has drone at 55mph but on this car it does n't matter . The one on the 2L 4cyl really did not wake the car up . Its the wrong size for a 4cyl unless its boosted .
 worth the price of admission ! nice light weight construction over stock is a bonus too . r & r 'd the ridiculous boat anchor of a stock muffler and much happier now , finally sounds and flows like a Hemi . no simple way to make duals w/o losing precious clearance so single it is -LRB- WK 4x4 -RRB- .
 THE TINKERBELL MATS WERE VERY COLORFUL JUST AS DESCRIBED . MY ONLY COMPLAINT WAS THAT WHEN I OPENED THE BOX THE PAPERWORK SHIPPED WITH THE MATS WAS PRESSING AGAINST THE TINKERBELL IMAGE AND THE PRINT INK BLED INTO TINKERBELL . I TRIED TO WASH IT OFF BUT IT WAS ABSORBED DEEP INTO THE VINYL ITSELF . I DID NOT WANT TO USE ANY HARSH SOAP FOR FEAR THE COLORS IN THE TINKERBELL IMAGE WOULD COME OFF .
 Bando 7PK2245 OEM Quality Serpentine BeltPurchased used belt but could not distinguish between new and used . Excellent deal that I can recommend . Fit nicely on my 2006 Dodge Dakota .
 Needed to replace front passenger turn signal on my 2000 Toyota rav4 . these work and fit perfect . I can always count on amazon to have what I need !
 I have been working on cars for decades , and drum brakes are one of my least favorite jobs . The last set of shoes I bought from a local parts store , and they were so far off from correct fit that I brought them back . These shoes however were an exact replacement . They went in easy , well as easily as drum brakes with all their springs and brackets and adjusters can go back together .
 I bought this new wiper motor for my snow plow truck . I had a problem with the old motor being weak -LRB- problems I 've had with other older GM trucks -RRB- . Now the wipers work like new!Installation is easy , three bolts to remove the motor from the firewall and then one more to disconnect the linkage . Only took about ten minutes.The best part is , since installing it , it has n't snowed !
 these really work great . i am going tobuy another pack to raise the frount a little higher . i really like them.Thank you
 I wanted these twist in spacers to add some `` authenticity '' to my Rat Rod project.I was very happy , and a bit surprised , to find this item here on Amazon.They were shipped promptly .
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 I ordered the sunshade to replace a ten year old generic shade that was falling apart . I was happy with the generic model , but this shade fits so well and works so much better I am sorry I waited 10 years to get it . My truck is noticeably cooler at the end of a full day under the Texas sun . I am pleased with the construction , too . I looks like it will last many years .
 just purchased for my 04 tacoma , fit 's well , alot better than most . High quality , easily rolls up with velcro strap . fitment is about 85-90 % but not perfect . Would i recommend this for anyone with a 95-04 tacoma ? Yes , fair price , great quality you ca n't go wronge .
 What can I say , its nice having a sunshade that actually fits your windshield just right . The windshield on the Tacoma is actually pretty small so most one size fits all pieces are far to big and door a poor job . This sunshade 's quality and fitment is great . I 'm a pretty critical reviewer , but I have n't found a con with this product yet .
 If you know area codes you know I live in Hawaii . Not paradise all the time , but it gets furshlugginer hot . This helps keep my Tacoma cooler . I 've used it about 18 months now ; effective , durable , simple . What more could one want ? Worth it .
 i have a dodge ram with the a/c bad , so i got a none a/c bellt :-LRB- to short , so the guys at the dodge club said get this belt :-RRB- now i can drive my truck with out having to fit the a /
 is size perfect adjust very fine in dashbord , of color is exact an form is adjust for locres is a excelente products
 Recieved and installed on a cheverolet blazer ls , fit well have to use many peices of provided velcro to fit tight and curves , great price and value for what you get . Shipped quick !
 This is a great product , light weight but sturdy enough to do the job . If you have a girl 's bike you need to transport this is the way to go ... . Love it !
 These worked good for me . They fit my standard size license place screw holes on my car . I 'm happy to have these because now I wo n't need to worry about my license plate screws rusting .
 these are terrific for `` show '' and for holding the top or bottom of a license plate to a frame . they are not to be used for the mounting of the plate to the bumper ; you need metal screws for that . so , these are great for what their purpose is .
 I bought this to lubricate bearings on a router bit , and it works famously . Even at top speeds the router heat has not affected the lubricating properties of the Bostik .
 Its pretty hard to find a decent quality Class one hitch , this one seems to be pretty good . No rusting so far and I 've had it for several months .
 I bought this for my hitch on a 2006 Toyota Corolla . I had uhaul install the hitch and bought the tallest ball mount they had . Well my trailer tongue still pointed down more than I liked so I bought this one . It allows the trailer tongue to sit almost perfectly level.It is built solid and should last forever .
 I used this hitch twice now as I have installed hitches on two Bugs . They work flawlessly . Just be careful when you first install it . . if you are not used to a hitch back there on your Bug ... its kinda hard on ones shins . . trust me I know . Great product !
 I bought this because the only 11/4 I could buy in local hardware stores was a 2 inch rise/drop . This is 4 inch , and is identical to the equipment originally supplied with the Drawtite hitch frame etc. . Also , the store bought bars have the pin hole located too far forward , so the bar doesnt go far enough in to allow you to put the pin through . This is the best solution , and you cant beat the price delivered with Amazon Prime !
 Good winter blade . The rubber enclosure keeps them from icing up . Use them on my Suburban and if I was smarter , I would have purchased one for the rear windshield wiper . Highly recomend this .
 No more sticking of blades . The cover works just fine . Be sure to get them correct length . The 21 inch for thr driver side was to long .
 Have purchased this brand of brakes before and have always been pleased . They came well packaged and have lasted well ! Great purchase !!
 I have one for my car and it makes such a difference in the Texas heat that I 'm buying them for all the vehicles in our family !
 Got this for my 2005 Tundra and it fits like a glove . Great and very effective product . The only minor issue I have was the shipping took a little while . Other then that I love this sunshade .
 I get a very nice spark with this plug on my 67 Mini Cooper . It keeps clean requiring little maintenance . I did need to gap it so make sure you have a gapping tool - they are very inexpensive.I 'm unsure why this is called a `` Pack of 1 '' , and so for the sake of clarity - you get a single plug with the order and not the box of 4 that you sometimes see in stores.Very satisifed with the purchase . Prime eligible makes this very affordable .
 I used this as a replacement spark plug for my 1977 Honda XL75 . It fit perfectly and the bike runs just fine .
 This spark plug is very good and order came ontime . Now a days generator is a must because weather is changing and power outrage is so often
 Using this on my 1973 Honda CB350 and it is working great . Great power and I have never had any problems with them .
 Bought this for a 1994 Club Car DS . Works great . Shipped quick as always . Tough item number to find out there .
 There 's no excuse not to use high quality parts when you can find them at great prices on Amazon.com . I tried using another manufacturer 's `` equivalent '' , but it just did n't deliver the spark that the original NGK plug did in my little ATV . The `` other '' plug was brand new . In fact I had ordered two and tried them both . Neither would fire the engine . When I plugged in the NGK , the engine fired up on the first kick . I 'm sold and think you will be too !
 Ngk makes great products and plugs . I have never had any problems . I will keep buying their products year after year .
 I purchased these for my Harbor Freight 950 watt generator , they were a two pack and the price was super , the shipper had them in the mail the day I ordered them . For this Thanks , now one is running the generator when I need it and I have a spare . Good stuff
 Bought these for a '82 Kawasaki KZ440 and they worked perfect . They were clean and were gapped correctly . The best part is that the terminal connectors can screw off -LRB- this was needed for my bike -RRB- . The B7ES plugs -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- I purchased from Walmart do not screw off and I wasted my money on them . Glad I found these on Amazon & with free shipping it was practically a steal . Very happy .
 I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner at a good price.Thanks you , John
 Parts arrived very soon after order . They have not been installed yet , but appearance is excellent .
 This is a good plug . I got it to replace a cheaper plug on a small motorcycle and it fired right up and worked great .
 This plug worked fine but on the first use my son crashed his scooter and fractured his hip on the maiden voyage with it . He is selling the scooter . But , hey , the plug really worked great !
 I looked everywhere for these plugs . And they were so expensive . Finally found them here at a great price . Thanks .
 I use these type for an off-brand motorcycle , and I am glad that Amazon had them in stock . They are a great value for their price and again the availability will make me a repeat customer for the product . As for the performance , my bike runs fine , so I have no complaints .
 purchased these plugs for my 1995 R100 Mystik BMW motorcycle . I have never had a problem with them , work great and last for a long time . In fact the only reason I had to replace them was that somebody stood on my bike and broke one .
 Does everything a sparkplug should do for a good price . I used this in my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 . Shipped quickly .
 Fast shipping and fits my '79 XS1100 Special . Runs great now . Plug was gapped perfectly upon receipt , lucky or coincidence , I do n't know , but it was . Thanks again Amazon .
 Ordered this for my kids Hammerhead GTS 150 buggy with a GY6 150CC engine . The go cart dealers all wanted almost triple what I found these for here on Amazon . With my prime membership they shipped 2 day for free . These plugs install and work just like the original .
 Just what my bike needed and at a price I could not find in the stores . Worth every dime .
 ... I somehow ordered the wrong spark plugs . I got the same number from my old ones and somehow managed to order different ones . Yeah ... oh well , these are cheap , only out a few burritos.Product is great .
 I 've used K&N ; filters on my last three vehicles and think they work well . This one is in a diesel F250 and based on tracking the numbers , has given me a little more than an extra half mile a gallon in fuel efficiency , which is a nice bonus . The filter will typically outlast any vehicle it 's on with it 's million mile warranty . It can by cleaned and brought back to virtually new condition . And with the cost of a stock air filter from Ford running around $ 50 I 'm easily ahead in the long run , never mind the saving on fuel , or better performance.This particular model , which was not just the filter but included a new version of the box the filter sits inside when installed on the vehicle , was a bit difficult to install , seems the box is designed to compress the filter a bit . As a result it seemed at times that the studs that held the top of box to the box itself were too short , making starting the nuts difficult - especially in an already cramped engine compartment.All in all , well worth the time and money , and as a long time K&N ; user , I will continue to be one .
 My Ford dealer told me Ford would put them on as stock equipment , but the price would be too high . What a shame.I have a diesel so mine cost $ 195.00 . But when you see how big it is and how much they had to replace of the diesel air intake system it 's really a bargain . It will pay for itself in 3 oil/filter changes.I had one on my Expedition and my idle RPM went up 150 RPM , my mileage went up 15 % too!Good buy!TaosGuy
 I was introduced to Meguiar 's tan bottle products about 20 years ago when I asked a man in an auto body shop what products he was using on a car that looked incredible . He told me the key was Meguiar 's # 9 Swirl Remover , which , when used properly , removes swirls marks that inevitably get into vehicle paint from things like car washes -LRB- or washing at home with dirty water in the bucket or a dirty sponge -RRB- , or from waxing or polishing with overly coarse compounds.Meguiar 's tan bottle products come in a variety of abrasive formulations , of which Swirl Remover is the most gentle and should be used last . If your vehicle has heavy paint oxidization , you 'll probably need to start with something like # 1 Medium Cut Cleaner or # 2 Fine Cut Cleaner . It 's the same idea as polishing rocks or jewelry or using sand paper ; you start with the highest level of abrasive needed for the job and then work your way up to a light or fine abrasive , which is basically what # 9 is.The results with Meguiar 's Swirl Remover are terrific , especially if applied with a machine -LRB- you can apply it by hand , but it will take a long time to do it right and you will be tired -RRB- . I recommend following with a wax that does NOT have a `` cleaner '' in it , as the cleaner will basically undo the fine polishing that # 9 is designed to accomplish . Be sure to use the product on a clean car parked in the shade , preferably on a day with low humidity . Use clean , 100 % cotton towels to wipe the product off after it 's dried , or else you 'll end up putting scratches back into the paint .
 Either by hand or machine this stuff is outstanding at removing swirls , and a little goes a long way . I think one bottle will last the avg Joe a lifetime doing his cars and any neighbors that might be in need as well . My 16oz bottle was so old it became brittle and cracked , I had to put it into another bottle . It was about 20 years old and still over 3/4 full.If using a rotary buffer -LRB- not orbital -RRB- use very light pressure and low speed because it does n't take much to work . If using by hand or orbital use med to heavy pressure , then check it a day or more later to be sure you got it all and well enough because if you missed some spots they 'll show up better after some time . So imo it 's best to use this with nothing after it in order to see any missed or in-need spots the next day or so , then once you 're sure it 's perfect you can apply the final finish -LRB- es -RRB- . # 7 Polish is great for black and a variety of dark finishes , use # 7 after # 9 , but before waxing . I prefer # 26 paste -LRB- not liquid -RRB- for my final wax , and a nice thick wet coat too . It will leave a nice deep wet look that does a great job protecting your paint from grime etc for very easy wash/rinses or dusting w / a duster like the California Duster . For added UV protection try the #M 63 Marine Paste Wax -LRB- again ; paste not liquid -RRB- . Always apply the soft past wax last , for example you could use another wax like their G127 or G175 too , just be sure the # 26 or M63 is the final step because it 's very soft so applying something over it will just ruin the effect . You ca n't go wrong with Meguiars products , they really are top notch and do what they say they do .
 This is an excellent product , and it does exactly what it says it does . It gently buffs out those irritating swirls that somehow develop over time in the finish of every car . I use a Porter Cable 7424XP buffer , and it makes for a great combination . I 've recently started using more and more Meguiar 's products , and I have n't been disappointed .
 Sombody lightly scratched my rear bumper . I used rubbing compound to begin the clean up and then Maguires swirl remover to clean up the compound scratches . The Maguires worked great . It removed the compounding scratches on the first pass and left quite a clean shine . Ready to wax and it is as good as new . I am going to do the whole car next to remove the light swirl makes from prior waxing and drying with towels .
 I have uses product for the last 10 years it takes out the swirls anything that 's fine or on the top of the paint will remove it never have a problem with this company they stand behind their productthe one thing I noticed with Meguiar 's their bottles are getting cheaper do n't drop them store them in a cool environment and dark Place , within the year the bottle will deteriorate keep an eye on this if this happens poured out into another container
 It ca n`t be beat.It was better than expected.Easy to use , and brings out a beautiful glass finish.I would recommend it to all .
 Works as advertised , took the haze and swirl out after compounding my 98 Explorer . I used an random orbital polisher but Im sure it works fine with rotary as well .
 I just finished polishing my 63 Hemi Dart and what a difference . The paint was brand new but the polish really brought out the depth . Highly recommended ...
 Fit is great in my 2005 Ford Escape . Would rate it 5 of 5 if the carpet material had a deeper pile but otherwise great .
 It 's a fuel tank what more can i say it mounted it was easy too install and holds fuel like it should
 I wanted original replacement parts for my Ford so went with Motorcraft . Amazon had the best deal and my product arrived within 3 days after my order was placed . I am very happy with my Motorcraft AS414 Front Shock Absorbers .
 The washer on my daughter 's 2003 Nissan Sentra stopped working , so I bought this replacement pump and got busy with the installation . The job proved to be pretty easy . The old pump was easily located and the removal and replacement was simple . Before trying this repair , I watched a You Tube video that I found online . Making the electrical connection was the only confusing part of the job . I was not familiar with the actual connecters and the little diagrams that came with the pump were not very clear . The new Trico pump fit perfectly and works even better that the original .
 This was purchased to replace the factory pump off of my 05 ' Nissan Altima . It was easy to install , works great -LRB- probably better than the original -RRB-
 # 1 Surprise about these pumps , they are made in the USA ! who would have thought a inexpensive part such as a windshield washer part could be made in the USA when the most logical place to manufacture a cheap part is in china.The Pump itself is small , and is a perfect replacement to my broken one , it comes with a couple leads -LRB- wires -RRB- sticking out of the pump which you will have to manually splice with the wiring that connected to the old pump , but the crimps that connect the wires are included.Pressure is strong , as good as when the car was brand new .5 Stars for the price , the function , and an extra one if i could for it being made in the USAAlso , FYI , you basically have to modify your cars windshield washer pump electrical wires , by that , meaning , you have to cut open the wire sheaths , and splice this pump 's wire leads to your cars existing pump connectorsI ended up not taking that risk as intentionally splicing and modifying your cars wiring harnesses and wires in general is not such a good idea , not to mention a bit shoddy , Im just gon na stick with an OEM pump that i can just slide the existing pump connector into , despite being more expensive
 I was having trouble finding a spring compressorto work on motocycles . Rented a couple , had tobuy a few , and fortunately were able to returnthem . I believe this spring compressor will fitevery application if you need to compress aspring with the cylinder head removed . Comeswith five different sizes , fits valves well.Worked great on my Honda Magna VF700C .
 Worked on my TRX90 and ATC200x perfectly . 5 different spring compressor insert diameters work with big and small springs . Great tool .
 Borrowed from a friend and it served me so well so I decided to buy my own . Worth of its money .
 best valve spring compressor for the money . I used it for motorcycle valve job it worked great .
 I tried two other valve spring compressors on the heads of my XLH-1200 . Even though they said `` for small engines , Harley Davidson , etc '' they were not nearly up to the task . Those springs are some tough mamas . So , I bought this Genius tool one.I got two sets of keepers out . It bent . I was able to get it to work , but . . it bent . So , not once , but twice , I stuck it on my floor jack , and put it under the back end of my 1999 Ford Ranger longbed , and compressed it between the jack and the leaf spring mount , in an attempt to `` unbend '' it . The first go-round made it straight . I got the remaining keepers off . It was bent again . This time , I over-bent it by about 10 degrees or so , hopefully to get it to be `` straight '' on use.Admittedly , the Harley setup is probably about 140lbs of spring being compressed about 3/8 inches to get the keepers out . Its a tough setup , as tough or tougher than you 'd see on a medium V8 head.The tool is good , its gon na be great for your smaller motorcycle engines with small valves . They HD valves and springs are huge . I 'm making this one work , but ... if I knew then what I know now , I 'd have gotten an even heavier unit.I like the tool , it will work on other projects , and it saved me money -LRB- and showed my that my exhaust valves were gon na be toast soon -RRB- . I can modify this tool with some extra metal welded on . The threaded part will take a lot of abuse , its just those corners of the frame are not quite as they need to be for the HD application.If you 're doing a small engine from a mower or air compressor , you 'll be fine . Most import bikes , fine . Small cars , fine . BIG cars , HD , other big valves ... not fine.Don ' t fault the tool , just use the right tool -LRB- which I did n't do -RRB- This is a follow up , a month later - After the `` bend the tool using your truck for weight '' sessions , things seem to have gotten better with the valve spring compressor . I re-assembled the heads on my Sportster with no problems . The repeated flexing , bending back must have work hardened things . This is no great joy for folks needing a full size tool , but I wanted to come back and tell anyone reading this review - FIRST - use the right tool for the job , and - SECOND - this tool took more abuse from me than it should have , being bent all over the place by the weight of my Ford truck and a a floor jack , and the tool took it . Its not a bad tool . The adapters seem to be hardened , or at least tougher , to take some abuse . The case is great.Again - use the right tool , and you 'll have no problems . I 'm 100 percent on this tool for small engines , perhaps smaller car engines , mid size and smaller motorcycle engines . It would be perfect for those .
 This tool worked very well for replacing an exhaust valve on my KLX300R . Due to the range of adjustability , I expect that this valve spring compressor will work on any overhead valve motorcycle engine head . I highly recommend this product .
 Love the design and quality of this belt . Worked very well , only took 5 minutes to install . I highly recommend it !
 I purchased this rear floor mat -LRB- along with two matching front floor mats -RRB- to replace two OEM rear floor mats that originally came with my 2004 Escape XLT . While the OEM rear mats are still servicable , they have a tendency to move around a lot , sliding up underneath the front seats , etc. . Because this raised mat is molded to fit the floor , is a one-piece unit , and is stiffer , it is much more resistant to moving around and rolling up at the edges . Unlike the originals , this one also has a raised lip around the perimeter of the mat , aiding in trapping dirt , melting snow , and rain water . Plus the fit and the color are both spot-on . This mat is a definite improvement over the ones it replaced .
 Nice mats but the little hooks to keep it still are a little weak and make a hole in the oem carpet . Nice mats though .
 The mats fit well in the 2nd row area of my Mariner . The mats are n't as easy to clean , it 's not really just `` hose it off '' as I thought . You will want a brush to stir up the dirt then it will come off ok .
 It is a NGK spark plug ... You need it . It works good . For the money maybe a NGK BR8EIX might be a better deal , if you are using this for a MX after all you only need one so why not spend the extra $ 3 for Iridium . I carry an extra one of these in a CR250 `` just in case ''
 NGK plug for CR85RB , What can you say about NGK other then they are the standard in the industry . Works for our bike !
 I installed this kit on a 97 EVO and it made a world of difference . Better throttle responce , Gas miles , idle . I read directions and easy install great kit .
 I want to start and say this was a great product . i have worked in the motorsports industry for more then 11 years and i have known moose to make and sell great products but these bearing seals had supassed my expectations . Wow , Thank you moose . The factory bearing and seal for each wheel start at $ 60 dollars for the bearing and about $ 15 for the seal . I bought these kits for each wheel -LRB- about $ 25.00 each kit -RRB- and easily installed them . The only thing a person should be prepared to do is have a press to get the seal and bearing out.The bearing was heavy duty and the seal ... . welll was just a seal ... . it will work fine and was slighty different then the factory seal but at this point after riding through water and mud it is doing just fine.i plane on buying a couple more of these kits . I have three machines and after 4000 miles on one machine i guess the ohter two might need these some time .
 This is exactly what I was looking for.Fog lamp Switch for 1 &#34; dia . bar.Quality you can trust . US made .
 It works , but its kind of hard to turn on especially if its mounted farther from the grip to reach to . Good for weather proofing but I just decided to use the regular rocker switch .
 I received the switch and my mechanic install it . It work great now , but will see when it rains . I will buy again .
 Looked high and low for this cover for my husband 's truck . Price was right , shipping reasonable , and it looks great !
 I needed new caps for my boat trailer hubs . The bearing buddies were getting grease to the outside bearing but not the front bearing . These allow me to put the grease fitting on the spindle and grease the back bearings . I then fill the outside cavity with grease . No problems with these caps
 I lost a grease cap on my trailer so I ordered these . They come as a pair , so now I have an extra . It 's a tight fit which makes it difficult to install the first time , but otherwise it 's perfect .
 Replaced original dust cap with Tie Down Engineering 81168 . Nice tight fit , looks great will be purchasing a second set to have as a spare set .
 The dust cap came up missing and I searched all local shops for replacement . Finally had to contact the boat hull manufacturer who confirmed trailer company out of business but they knew where to get parts . West Marine not much help . So the actual part manufacturer I tracked gave me a part number to search for and then found it on Amazon . Amazon is my first source of buying !!!
 Produto de excelente qualidade . D&aacute; uma boa sensao de segurana . Vale a pena . Al&eacute;m disso , os materiais utilizados so de boa qualidade .
 These are the exact same thing to buy from the dealer at half the cost .
 These wheel locks fit my Grand Prix wheels perfect and look great . Will see how they hold up , but I have no doubt they will last a long time being McGard . Highly recommend to a friend .
 McGard makes the wheel locks that Honda and Acura sell for their cars . Will deter the casual thief . Would buy again .
 The product was exactly what I observed in offer to sell . The wheel locks fit my vehicle perfectly and look outstanding . No one is going to take the wheels off that car without the corresponding McGard key . Excellent price , fast shipping . Plan to buy another set for my other car .
 Easy to install and fits on a 2013 Chevrolet Volt . Just need to stash the key somewhere in the car or I guess you could take it with you . FYI the Volt requires 100 lbs of torque .
 I bought this set to a friend because he has some security issues with his tires so , it is a great way to secure them , But be careful with the key .
 I bought this set because the threads fit my car , but these lugs were heavier than the other 4 stock nuts , so driving around 65 mph the stearing wheel would vibrate because these lugs effectivly unbalanced the wheels . That was my fault , so I went to a small sized lug nut and the problem was fixed.I have 3 sets of wheel locks and they are all mcgard , and I have yet to have an issue with them in 5 years.Edit
 Well made product . Durable finish.Happy with this purchase . Would definitely buy from this company in the future if I had need of another set of wheel locks .
 I was skeptical when I bought these if they would fit my Swift Dzire car . With alloy wheels this fits really well . You can spot the diff between this and regular ones , but it does add a unique look .
 The locking lug nuts were as advertised . Got them on time and they worked well . The vehicle selection chart needs to be more precise .
 This is the 2nd set I purchased . The quality of the metal alloy surpasses the genuine manufacturer stock bolts . Great insurance when you park and leave you vehicle unattended all day .
 i 've been using mcgard wheel locks since the 1980 's and they are very good.the price from amazon was 1/2 what others wanted . good investment !
 McGard Wheel Locks are a quality product , and these prices are very affordable . Best price anywhere .
 I planned the installation for a week . I even compiled pages from the Factory Service Manual to assist me but I never used them . The installation was very straight forward and the truck body was lifted within a couple hours . Putting the front bumper back on took about an hour as new holes had to be drilled in the existing bumper mounts . Those mounts are thick . The shift lever took another FOUR HOURS !!! It is a total hassle . I went to a junkyard beforehand and purchased a shift lever and had it extended at a machine shop using the extension in the kit . This way I simply swapped them out on the day of the install . Easier said than done . The thing is inherently difficult to snap into the grommets and in an awkward spot . I eventually had a buddy come over and assist . We finally got it together by shear force .
 I got this keychain along with the pocketwatch three days after I orded it , and I 'm on the other side of the country . I 'm VERY pleased with it , it 's larger than I expected , which is good in my opinion . Arrived in perfect condition , I would DEFINITELY use this seller again .
 For more than 30 years , I 've searched high and low for the perfect wiper blade . Being a little tiny bit obsessive about my car , one of the things I can NOT tolerate is a chattering , noisy , smeary , streaky wiper blade . Driving in the rain is hard enough without feeling like you 're trying to look through a wax-paper windshield.In the past , I 'd put new wiper blades on my car two or three times a year and sometimes more , just to make sure I never had to deal with wiper smear or worse , wiper chatter . That sound is like fingernails on a blackboard to me !! I 'd also clean the rubber edge several times between blade changes , to keep the leading edge clean and free from debris and gooey tree gunk and junk . Due to my desire to keep the finest quality blades on the car , I 'd only buy authentic Toyota blades for my 2003 Camry and then one day ... An associate at the local Toyota dealer talked me into buying the rubber inserts for the blades , rather than the whole blade assembly . For 20 minutes , I waited and watched as she fiddled around trying desperately to get the inserts into the arm assembly . Two days later -LRB- and 10 minutes of use later -RRB- , while driving in a light rain storm , the whole thing came apart in pieces , scratching my windshield in the process . It was a Sunday afternoon -LRB- dealer was closed -RRB- , so I drove directly to the auto parts store and told them I wanted the most expensive wiper-blade they sold . They took me to the Bosch Icon and said , `` these are the best , but they 're pricey . `` These blades have been on my car for three months and I think I have found the perfect wiper blade . They 're quiet , chatter-free and each swipe of the blade is more like a squeegee has just moved across the glass . Every now and then a little piece of debris gets under the blade , but two or three passes later , and we 're back to clean swipes.I could n't be more pleased with the quality and performance of this product . The two blades I bought for Cammie cost less than $ 50 which is n't THAT much contrasted against the frustration of not being able to see clearly through the windshield when it rains.I will never again buy another brand of wiper blade . The Bosch Icon wipes and swipes cleanly and perfectly each time . And above all , it 's quiet ! The only downside is that they are funny looking . But that 's a small problem contrasted against the great joy of having a good quality wiper .
 These have to be the best wiper blades on the market . I had purchased them for my previous car a couple of years ago , and now that my newer vehicle was needing wipers , of course I wanted Bosch Icons . But , they must be pretty popular , because they are always sold out at the local retailers . Luckily for me I found them here on Amazon , ordered them Sunday and they arrived today -LRB- Friday -RRB- , even after the seller said there would be a delay because they were awaiting their shipment . I put them on right away , and they work like a dream . My windshield is so clear it looks as if it has been replaced as well . Do n't waste your time or money on other wipers , get these and rest assured that you 'll always have a streak free finish on bad weather days . They were super easy to install by myself , and I am girly-girl . Did n't even break a nail !
 I 've had these blades for a few weeks and a couple of heavy rains and have been very happy with their performance . I Rain-Ex ` ed my windshield when I installed them -LRB- which makes a huge difference -RRB- , and they leave not a trace of water .
 Both these wiper blades to replace stock ones on both of my cars . They work really well and look great too . I would definitely recommend them .
 I heard about these wiper blades from my son . He was so sold on them I had to try them . They work better then any blade I 've used in all my years of driving .
 This wiper clears the windshield really well , even wet sticky snow does not stick to the blade . Wonderful design ... ca n't say how long it will last though .
 Just awed by how strong they were . I dont usually buy the Icons , but I have heard so much about them . When I saw the rebate I just had to try.These blades look good , do their job well . No streaks , and when they go to work , they leave a clean windshield and a satisfied driver.I would buy them again!PS - if your car has a hook as the holder , this blade is for you . Installation took 30 secs in the dark . Just snap , shut and you are done . This fits the Passat 2002 V6 contrary to the guide Amazon has .
 If your are sick of poor wiper blades ? This is the blade to get . Outstanding wiping performance by Bosch . No streaks , no missed areas and less time with the wipers working .
 Great quality , value and performance features for use so far.Will see how long they last but I do n't doubt they will .
 I 'll have to let you know how these hold up after a year ... but for now , I 'm loving these wipers . So smooth , so quiet , hugs tight and does n't miss a spot . Wow , what a difference from the cheapos that were on my car when I bought it . There 's no turning back now , I 'll always have to buy top-notch wipers after this ! Very easy to install , as well -- and I 'm a newbie at this kind of thing -LRB- pumping gas was the extent of my mechanical know-how -RRB- . The Bosch ICON wiper blades are streamlined , too ... a nice change from the overly engineered look . I 'm thinking my PT Cruiser is feeling pretty sexy tonight .
 Nice design , sheds ice well , no chatter , but the outside tip on the passenger side does not hug the windshield as well as I 've see on other brands . Time and wear will tell whether these wipers are worth the premium price .
 been waiting for my parts supplier to carry this item for a while.seen it on audis and other german cars for a while , and adverts on various car mags etc. . . if your thinking , think no-more buy-it !
 I like the looks of these wipers the low profile puts them out of my line of sight . They seem to work as well as any premium wiper blade but I have not had them long enough to tell how well they will hold up . They are a little expensive for a wiper blade so I would hope they will last longer than a standard style blade . Time will tell .
 Title says it all . it is a perfect replacement for the Rear center hose on a 1966 Plymouth Valiant V8 with 10 &#34; rear drum brakes .
 I purchased this cover for my reclining massage chair . I have placed cushions where I needed them for the best comfort , and I put this on my chair and it keeps my cushions from getting moved around . I also bought one for my powerchair . It 's cool in the summer and I 'm not `` sticking '' to the vinyl . And it 's warm in the winter .
 This helmet was actually purchased by accident , but consider that a nice surprise . It fits , it 's airy , and the quality is great . It goes great with my Kill Bill bike wear : - P
 Seems to be a great muffler , which is why I 'm buying a pair . BUT it has 3 chambers , not 2 .
 This is your basic 18 awg wired switch and has been reliable for over a year . Skinny unobtrusive switch , that works fine . Good for dual sport conversions .
 I picked this switch up for my '06 YZ450F supermoto conversion project . Easy to install , simple wiring chart on back , no issues . Highly recommend . Blue led lights up when in ` Hi-beam ' mode .
 I used this to replace a holley 80 GPH mechanical fuel pump . Night and day difference . The old holley could n't keep up with my pontiac 461 stroker at top end -LRB- above 4500 RPMs -RRB- The pump was unable to maintain a constant fuel flow and had a serious cavitation issue that caused bucking at high speed . It also had no fuel retention ability , and the engine needed to be started twice when starting cold . This Carter pump completely eliminated the issue in both regards . It 's a great value for the low price . The true test will eventually be at the drag strip .
 These wheel locks do what they 're built for . Discount Tire put my locks on for me during one of my tire replacements . They charged a small fee if I remember correctly . My car is a 2008 Mitsubishi Lancer .
 A little bit long for the Elantra but not a problem . It is a Perfect fit on the Santa Fe .
 I have used McGard for thirty years on various cars . It is of high quality . This set was for a 2011 Miata . The head of the bolt sticks out over the other bolts and looks out of place . A shorter head is needed .
 Best wheel lock available in the market.The 24157 fits perfectly on Hyundai i30 up to 2011 . For Brazilian buyers
 McGard made a high quality and well fitting lug nuts with this set . I would recommend going to their website and checking the fit there to make sure you have the right thread size and pitch for your vehicle -LSB- ... -RSB- . Only issue -LRB- and reason for 4 stars -RRB- are the lug nuts stick out slightly from flush with the wheel due to the length . They are substantially longer than the stock lugs . However , it 's not too noticeable and worth the protection and he key fits perfectly into the lug . Well made product .
 I own a Lancer 2008 GTS and these fits perfectly on it . They look nice and are almost the same as the OEM ones but at a cheaper cost .
 I used these wheel locks on my Mazda miata . They do n't fit flush to the wheels but they are not too bad either .
 Lock works perfect , better than a diff model which carries an actual key to unlock it , I was looking to lock spare tire , mine is mounted on the trunk door , gets 4 stars because kit comes with 4 locks , so its either 3 too much -LRB- for spare only -RRB- or 1 short -LRB- for locking all tires including spare -RRB- .
 it works great until now i have no problems yet with it and still have my wheels saved . Good item to buy I recommend it .
 At the price , you 'd expect these things to be poorly made . They seem substantial , and even though the manufacturer says do n't use a power wrench on them , I 'm sure the tire shop uses one even though I ask them not to , but the wrench is still in good shape .
 I installed this locks with ease.They looks solid and the unlocking pattern is unique . -LRB- I ordered 2 of this and keys are different -RRB- I am happy with it so far and would buy again if needed .
 The company that changed my tires did n't put my wheel lock key back and denied that they had it . I did n't see a need to get a new one until it was time to change tires again . I tried going to the dealership to get my wheel lock key and they wanted to charge me like 15 bucks for it ! I looked on Amazon and saw the whole set was for less than this.It provides a false sense of security , because you can break the wheel lock off , but the noise it would cause would definitely alarm someone . Well worth the money , especially in the area that I am in - I had a co-worker have his tires stolen in his work parking lot!I 'd recommend having the added layer of security to protect your vehicle . And it 's only 0.001 the cost of your car !
 The same locks from my dealer are $ 40 . If you know how to use the lug wrench , save a bunch of money and do it yourself . With replacement wheels and tires at about $ 2000 , these are cheap insurance , and McGard is a proven product .
 McGard makes the best wheel locks to help keep your wheels on your vehicle . The locks are tough but do n't let the tire guys air gun them on/off for best results . Amazons the place to order them for service and value .
 This is cheap insurance for new tires . Much less expensive than the local auto parts store . In the new world we live in it is wise to protect what you have , use um or loose um .
 I love my mcgaurd locking lugs . This is the 3rd set I have owned and I have never had an issue with them . I have heard issues of people getting wheels stolen even with locking nuts , but I have yet to have wheels stolen . : knock on wood : That 's my .02 cents
 I have been useing wheel locks since the 1970 , on a 1968 Barracuda . I have tried several diffrent brands even the factory OEM ones . I reguard this type lock the best for the money . I like this design best .
 McGard 24157 fits my Toyota Tacoma wheels . The locking device is made of hard chrome metal unlike other wheel locks manufactured by competitor companies which use a black soft metal as locking device . Good buy !
 These set of wheel locks are a great way to protect yourself from somebody stealing your rims . I highgly recomend them to anybody with good looking rims .
 Brought these lock nuts for my 2006 Tundra SR5 pickup . Works and fits fine . Was n't too big -LRB- about the same diameter and 2.5 x the height of the wheel nut -RRB- and fit under the wheel -LRB- center -RRB- nut cover with no problem . Price is good , about 2/3 the cost of similar lock nuts that I brought 15 years ago for another truck at Kragens . Happy with purchase .
 These could not be more easy to use . Looking around you see them on many cars , so you know they are n't 100 % the safest locking nut on the market , but they certain are a low cost preventative measure to stop the opportunistic thief .
 I used it on my KIA Sorento 2012 . From a distance locks are indistinguishable from original nuts . Pretty cheap and usefull
 it was the right replacment , it was easy to fit and it workes just fin i 'm very happy with it
 When I purchased this product , the packaging called it a `` Water Heater Tester '' leading me to believe it was more than a simple continuity tester which a homeowner , handyman or electrician uses to determine if the wire is continuous -LRB- not broken -RRB- between the clip tip and pinpoint tip on the body of the tool . You can use a standard continuity tester to test the continuity of a water heater element just as easily/well as with using this product . Thankfully , the product is now called `` Water Heater Continuity Tester . '' Remember , of course , this tool is not to be used on live/hot appliances , etc. .
 radiator arrived in good condition . Fit just like the original . Described as aluminum but was actually a copper and brass radiator , just like OEM . Worked fine , happy with purchase .
 Lights are nice , shipper shipped them here fast and in a very safe secure box with lots of padding . Only gripe is they are not a purple as i wanted . its just a very slight tint . Looks almost blue
 I wo n't say they 're perfect ... but the H3 bulbs have lasted a long time and give off a great amount of light for the price . As they are mounted in my driving lights that experience a fair amount of vibration , I am thrilled that they have stood the test of time ... 30K miles later and still going strong !
 What more can I say , right plug all gaps were correct great product by Bosch works in my Volvo just fine
 All metal radiator . Great replacement for OEM part that has been discontinued . Fast shipping and lowest price I could find .
 This helmet was actually purchased by accident , but consider that a nice surprise . It fits , it 's airy , and the quality is great . It goes great with my Kill Bill bike wear : - P
 This helmet was actually purchased by accident , but consider that a nice surprise . It fits , it 's airy , and the quality is great . It goes great with my Kill Bill bike wear : - P
 The seller told me used but it looked like really good shape for me if I buy any other motorcycle parts looking for oem I would recommend this person .
 You need an `` A '' for driver 's side and a `` B '' model blade for the passenger side . The way the seller is listing these you 'd never know !
 For more than 30 years , I 've searched high and low for the perfect wiper blade . Being a little tiny bit obsessive about my car , one of the things I can NOT tolerate is a chattering , noisy , smeary , streaky wiper blade . Driving in the rain is hard enough without feeling like you 're trying to look through a wax-paper windshield.In the past , I 'd put new wiper blades on my car two or three times a year and sometimes more , just to make sure I never had to deal with wiper smear or worse , wiper chatter . That sound is like fingernails on a blackboard to me !! I 'd also clean the rubber edge several times between blade changes , to keep the leading edge clean and free from debris and gooey tree gunk and junk . Due to my desire to keep the finest quality blades on the car , I 'd only buy authentic Toyota blades for my 2003 Camry and then one day ... An associate at the local Toyota dealer talked me into buying the rubber inserts for the blades , rather than the whole blade assembly . For 20 minutes , I waited and watched as she fiddled around trying desperately to get the inserts into the arm assembly . Two days later -LRB- and 10 minutes of use later -RRB- , while driving in a light rain storm , the whole thing came apart in pieces , scratching my windshield in the process . It was a Sunday afternoon -LRB- dealer was closed -RRB- , so I drove directly to the auto parts store and told them I wanted the most expensive wiper-blade they sold . They took me to the Bosch Icon and said , `` these are the best , but they 're pricey . `` I could n't be more pleased with the quality and performance of this product . The two blades I bought for Cammie cost less than $ 50 which is n't THAT much contrasted against the frustration of not being able to see clearly through the windshield when it rains.April 2008 UPDATE
 This is the first time I have ever bought and installed windshield wipers myself , and I must say that it was quite easy . The hardest part was figuring out how to get the old ones off , but that only took a couple minutes to work out.After twice in a row of getting screwed over by a dealer putting on cheap wipers that rumble and skip across the windshield and actually making visibility worse , I decided that I had had enough . How in the world brand new -LRB- cheap -RRB- wiper blades can skip across the windshield from the moment they were installed is beyond me.I 've only had these wipers through a couple of rain storms , but so far they work perfectly . Hopefully I will be just as happy with the way these wipers hold up long term.By the way , I got 1 Bosch 422A for my driver 's side and 1 Bosch 422B for my passenger side because that 's what the auto zone website said my car needed when I was researching wiper blades .
 This is the first wiper I have used on a Ford or Chevrolet car that does not streak and noisily `` rumble '' across the windshield ; especially in very light rain or snow , and I have tried many ! Please Note
 these are the best wipers on the market , quick and easy transaction and super fast shipping . this item ships for free when 2 are purchased
 I used these to replace the OEM windshield wipers that came on my Dodge Charger . I 've been using them for a few months now , and I have had no problems with them so far . They are quieter than the OEM wipers , and they do a great job in the rain . I 'm not sure how they perform in snow . The wipers are lighter than the OEM 's and do a great job . I would definitely recommend these over rain-x or other comparable brands that cost more .
 I bought the wiper blade 422A for the driver 's side and the 422B for the passenger 's side of my 2006 Trailblazer . Easy to install . Working excellent ever since June 2011 . They 're not bad for the price , but if you find a better quality blade for the price , just let me know .
 These blades are heavy duty and constructed well . They hold up very well under heavy snow conditions . they are also long lasting .
 The price is worth it and I live in Florida so the heat is strong . These r the best , most quiet , streak free , do not skip wipers I have ever owned . They r also built for faster speeds on the highway without problems . Big plus
 These are my 2nd set of these blades . Purchased 1st set about 21/2 years ago & had to replace them because one of the rubber blades started to tear . They do a great job , do not smear or make noise when the windshield is dry . My only complaint is that there is not a clear point made that you need a different item number for each side . It is very easy to order two of the same type . Very unusual for wiper blades to be different .
 I bought in to the hype with these blades and they work well but the one corner of my windshield does n't get wiped . I have a Dodge Charger and the windshield curves too much for the blade to bend . Overall they work good , will have to see how they are working in 2 years . *** Update *** I like them still . I bought some Michelins for my wifes car and they do better with contact , but have a warm up period -LRB- 10-20 passes before they are really effective -RRB- . These wipers always work the same an still clear the windshield with no streaks .
 I studied and researched wiper blades before making this purchase . I used Consumer Reports and the reviews posted here as a source added to my own experience . Although these wipers were more expensive that the top rated , I like the more modern design of these . They are one piece and are without the metal ladder work of traditional designed blades . This is like getting a winter blade without paying the price of a winter blade . You do n't have to worry about ice freezing to the blades and inhibiting their operation . Living in the NE this is of concern . I also heard an interview with someone from Bosch on the Car Doctor radio program . Bosch spends the money on designing their blades especially to each application . This includes the bend and shape of the blade , how it worked in snow , ice and rain plus the effects of wind and the airflow over the blade.I am please with this purchase ; however , they have only been on the car for a few weeks now so I ca n't speak to their wear or length of time before replacement . From what I read , you ca n't expect a blade to work well for more than about 6 months . I am hoping to get a year of good service from these but time will tell ... . Stay tuned for an update next year .
 These wipers work great . I had bought a pair for my SUV and then after using them for two month I bought a pair for my car . They are streak free and work well in all weather conditions . I know they cost more but its well worth the extra money .
 I bought the Bosch Icon wipers for my Titan pickup truck . The old ones were worn out and I was looking for the best I could get for the money . Because of he rebate , I was able to justify the price ; but they are pricey . I 've been using them for over a month now and they do a great job ! They clear the window with no streaks and with no sound ! They were easy to install since Titans have a standard arm for wipers . Would I buy them again ? If I had a comparable rebate , I probably would . Otherwise , I 'll check out the recommended wipers in Consumer Reports and see where the best deal is !
 The Bosch ICON wiper blades are by far the best blades I have ever tried . They are extremely flexible so they conform nicely to the windshield and leave no streaks . They have been on my 3 vehicles for over a year and are still performing well .
 I order these Bosch wipers every year from Amazon for each of my Audis . The wipers themselves are great -- easy to install , long lasting , they just do the job.However , each pair of wiper blades comes in its own oversize box . I mean a BIG box . Depending on how many blades I order , I get anywhere from 3-6 of these boxes showing up on my doorstep . As an Amazon Prime member I get free second day shipping , so the multiple shipping costs do n't cost me anything directly out of pocket . But somebody is paying for the shipping of these multiple large boxes and the material that goes into making these boxes . And that somebody ultimately is me.I wish Amazon would reconfigure its ordering system to recognize these multiple shipments and combine them . They certainly seem to be able to do this with so many other products !
 Just replaced my original wipers with the ICON 22 inch wiper blades . They are fantastic . They were very easy to install , I was able to do it without my husband . The blades work wonderfully . We just got back from a 1500 mile trip and experienced some torrential downpours . The blades were great in all types of weather from light drizzle to heavy rain . My husband now wants to get them for his car .
 This is the best Wiper Blade I have ever purchased . Installation is easy ! Very quiet , , , no skipping even on dry windshield . The bracketless design allows the blade to conform to the windshield .
 Fits perfect on my 2013 Honda Accord Sport . Same version at Honda will run you $ 55 or $ 77 installed . Great buy !
 Bought these AFTER the wheels were stolen from my Toyota ; hopefully they will discourage the next crooks so they move on to somebody else 's car . So far they show no signs of rust or corrosion , although it 's only been a couple of months . Wish they could look a bit more attractive on the wheels , but I can live with the appearance if it saves me the hassle of getting my wheels ripped off . Also , I like that you can register the set you buy so you can get a replacement key without having to get a whole new set .
 Note those are same locks as the OEM sold from Honda for over $ 40 . Therefore you get 2 sets for the price of one . They do the jobe well and its not complicated to put them on .
 I 've had these locks on my Saturn for years and unlike Gorilla , they stay just like new . I 've never found aftermarket chrome nuts as good as these .
 I like these locks because they look great , function fine , and cost much less than the same locks re-branded by car manufactures . As the product description mentions , Mcgard makes the OEMs car dealerships add-on . My car dealer wanted the same locks with their label at about triple the price so I saved some money and purchased these instead.I have these on two Honda vehicles and have no problems so far . The only complaints I 've heard of is from people loosing or stripping the keys . Mcgard does offer replacement keys so save the documentation that comes with the locks . I 'm sure stripped keys is caused by over torque'ing . These things can handle torque at least up to Honda 's specifications for lug nuts on my wheels . If you like to tighten things as tight as your he-man strength can put out , consider using a torque wrench to make sure you do not over tighten and ruin the key . Be advised over tightening can be worse than under tightening .
 So I bought these mainly to secure my full sized spare tire on my Honda CRV . We just got a new tire cover since the old one wore out . The new one is conveniently easy to remove but this also makes it convenient for any possible thieves . So now , should they dare to remove the tire cover , they will run into my nice wheel locks . And unless they can get into my car to get the special key for it , they are out of luck . They could still steal my tire cover but that only costs $ 20 . I put the key with my tire jack since we will only need it if we are using the jack . So , easy to install , easy to use , and also easy to put it somewhere where it will be handy .
 * Excellent chrome finish * Secure key and lock pattern * Cost effective protection of expensive wheels and tires * Registration is important in case the key is lost or damaged
 I ordered this to replace my Honda set to which the key was lost . It is just as good at a much better price . Easy to install .
 This McGard Wheel Locks are the BEST , someone tried to steel my tire and he could n't because when I got my new car , a friend of mine recommended to buy this McGard Wheel Lock .
 After hearing a news report about the increase in theft of wheels , I decided to give myself a little sense of security . I dont ' t know how well this will work , but , I do know I feel better knowing thiefs will have something extra to worry about . I got a great deal by buying them from Amazon , the auto stores wanted $ 10 to $ 12 more per set . Mcgard brand is supposed to be one of the best .
 Had a spare tire stolen off a CRV 2005 . I purchased this set online and have had no problems since . All and all the car tire was $ 434 to replace , and I never thought anyone would steal a spare off a car with an alarm but low and behold . The set that Honda wanted to sell me was about 90 dollars more then this set , and I love this set . The key fits perfectly in my tire iron and is a smaller nut so not just any tire iron will work , being that the bolts are round and not well bolt shape . Really impressed and preparing to get an additional set for the other tires .
 Item was just as I expected and works without any issues ... only way to find it was online & it was gthe cheepest here
 i have a little set of 17 &#34; weels on a civic 07 LX 4dr . . they work perfect at speeds over 100mph / 160km/h so no worys ... . the only thing you must carry is the wheel key ... if not you are doom = -RRB-
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 I live in southern Michigan , in the slush and salt . These work great in the winter for catching/holding the runnoff on our shoes and boots . When the front drive/passenger sides get too dirty , I easily pull them out and spray them down inside at the laundry tub . Otherwise , in the summer , hose or powerwash them in the yard . They match the interior carpet and are just as rugged as OEM .
 Great sound ! I 'm sure I 'm going to save some gas over time with better flow . Exactly what I was looking for . It 's light and sturdy compare to stock . Perfect fit ! Happy camper !
 I 'm running one of these on my wife 's 2004 Mercury Grand Marquis -LRB- 2 valve 4.6 L V8 -RRB- . I removed the secondary catalytic converters -LRB- the primaries are still there and it still passes emissions , so calm down -RRB- and made a 2.25 '' y-pipe merging in to a single 3 inch pipe , exiting out the back in the stock location -LRB- albeit with a much larger pipe -RRB- . I have regular 40-series mufflers on two other cars -LRB- one dual 2.5 '' , one dual 3 '' -RRB- , and the Delta Flow technology really does reduce interior resonance compared to those . The tone is slightly different , but still distinctly Flowmaster . With the factory gearing , this muffler is not annoying at any cruise speeds between 45 and 80MPH , even with the overdrive turned off . But you can definitely tell that it 's there , even in a fairly well-insulated car like the Marquis . I probably would not go any louder -LRB- ie , plain 40 or super 44 -RRB- in an insulated daily driver , and this might be just on the border line in an older car with less sound deadening .
 I ordered these wipers for my wife 's car and I could n't be happier . They are naturally curved so they fit better against the windshield of your car , therefore making the wiping action better and more effective . The one thing that I noticed right off ... they are super quiet ! Nice job , Bosch !
 I live in AZ , so I do n't see a whole lot of rain , but during monsoon season it can rain considerably hard . These wipers work perfectly . They are fully functional and very quiet . Highly recommended !
 The Bosch ICON blades are great . I started using them about 3 years ago . Fantastic performance .
 These are the best wiper blades money can buy . Everyone is currently stealing this design but these are still the best .
 we have this installed on the DRIVER side of our Sequoia , I got it to replace our OEM ones - it took longer to pull the old one of than it did to install this . we have AquapelAquapel 88625-47100 Glass Treatmenton the windshield which has lasted for over a year now with the old blades - these new bosch ones are starting to take it off - so they must be a better seal ; - -RRB- BTW I highly recommend the aquapel with it I do n't need to use our wipers at highway speed as it sheds the water so well , rain-x in comparison has only ever lasted 6 weeks or so under the same conditions . There is enough in one dispenser to do the front and back windshields and maybe a little on the driver & passenger windows too !
 Easy to install and works flawlessly . Nothing bad to report on this blade .
 It really wipes clean ~ I 've upgraded to this product from stock Acura wiper blades and this is so much better .
 Bought these about a month ago and they work very good . Am thinking about buying for my other vehicle .
 Almost twice the price of the next best , but the best I 've ever owned . Very easy to install too . Worth the money .
 Not all that pricey , gets water off windshield like a squeegee , for clear vision . Bosch has a reputation for long-lasting quality products , but I still do n't know how long they 'll last . And I have n't tested them in snow and ice yet .
 These are the best wipers that I have ever had . The are `` squeak '' free . You can not hear them on the windows . They clean the windows great !
 Bought these for the wife 's 03 Civic to replace her worn out Bosch Icon blades and these are terriffic . Super super easy to install , and these things are streak free and work great . I cant wait to buy a pair for my car !!
 This item shipped almost immediately . Very fast service and when I got confused on my order entry the distributor worked with me to clarify and ensure all was handled to meet my requirements . I would highly recommend this distributor . Customer service was there even on my small order .
 I had these wipers on both of my cars for two and three years respectively . I am very happy with the product for two reasons
 I just installed my second set of Icons . I replace my blades annually , it 's just not worth the annoyance of poor cleaning , chattering blades . The brand I used to use became hard to get in my area so I tried some others . One brand chatter baddly from day 1 . Another popular brand partially disintigrated during one trip , leaving rubber on my windshield that I had to scrape off . A local dealer sold me on Bosche Excel Blades . They were more expensive , but I quickly found out they 're worth it . They slipped right on with far less effort and worked well for the full year and even then were just starting to chatter . Last year they only had the Icon in stock , so I paid the extra bucks for them . They 've served me well and are just now starting to streak . They would probably last several months more , but I do n't relish changing them in sub freezing temperatures.This year I found them here , at Amazon.com for several dollars less than I 'd paid locally . I debated between the Excel and Icon , but after seeing that seller Autoparts123 had the Icon for less than I 'd been paying for the Excel , I decided on the Excel . I do beleive they last longer , but more importantly , the frameless design should have less drag and gives ice and snow no place to build up which has been a MAJOR winter issue in the past . Yes , they 're one of the more expensive blades on the market , but in this case , you get what you pay for . I definatly recommend the Bosche blades , if you do n't want to go the price of the Icon , go for the Excel . Still an excellent blade .
 I read all the other reviews online that rated the Bosch Icon wipers and figured they would be worth a try . I received them a few weeks ago and I think there are great . They perform perfectly in light and heavy rain and they are totally streak free . Some other reviews said that they were noisy but I have not found that to be true . I am planning to order a second set for my other car . They do cost more but in this case you get what you paid for .
 Not much exciting here . I installed this wiper blade and it 's match -LRB- 419A & 419B -RRB- on my car . They work great . Although these blades are a little bit more expensive than typical wiper blades .
 These wipers are fantastic . In heavy rain or mist , they leave a completely dry windshield , and do it without a sound . I 've used both silicone and natural rubber wipers in the past , and none have worked as well as these . No streaks at all with these gems . Their unusual design is more than a gimmick , it works .
 I install on vw jetta ' 03 . Clean very well.I 'll recommend for everyone .
 For more than 30 years , I 've searched high and low for the perfect wiper blade . Being a little tiny bit obsessive about my car , one of the things I can NOT tolerate is a chattering , noisy , smeary , streaky wiper blade . Driving in the rain is hard enough without feeling like you 're trying to look through a wax-paper windshield.In the past , I 'd put new wiper blades on my car two or three times a year and sometimes more , just to make sure I never had to deal with wiper smear or worse , wiper chatter . That sound is like fingernails on a blackboard to me !! I 'd also clean the rubber edge several times between blade changes , to keep the leading edge clean and free from debris and gooey tree gunk and junk . Due to my desire to keep the finest quality blades on the car , I 'd only buy authentic Toyota blades for my 2003 Camry and then one day ... An associate at the local Toyota dealer talked me into buying the rubber inserts for the blades , rather than the whole blade assembly . For 20 minutes , I waited and watched as she fiddled around trying desperately to get the inserts into the arm assembly . Two days later -LRB- and 10 minutes of use later -RRB- , while driving in a light rain storm , the whole thing came apart in pieces , scratching my windshield in the process . It was a Sunday afternoon -LRB- dealer was closed -RRB- , so I drove directly to the auto parts store and told them I wanted the most expensive wiper-blade they sold . They took me to the Bosch Icon and said , `` these are the best , but they 're pricey . `` I could n't be more pleased with the quality and performance of this product . The two blades I bought for Cammie cost less than $ 50 which is n't THAT much contrasted against the frustration of not being able to see clearly through the windshield when it rains.April 2008 UPDATE
 I own a 2006 Mazda 3 hatchback , and this blade has made a wonderful replacement for my passenger side wiper . Initially I had procrastinated until wintertime , half expecting to find a decent winter blade , which I may have kept throughout the year . Well the first snow came , and I decided to pull the trigger . After unsuccessfully looking for the blade sizes everywhere -LRB- 21 '' driver side 19 '' passenger side -RRB- including the owners manual , I simply measured them and looked for quality Bosch blades -LRB- the originals were Bosch blades , and they made it two years without any issues , just intermittent cleaning -RRB- . While I had seen some Bosch winter blades , these caught my eye as a solid all season blade . While they specifically are n't winter blades , their compact size and lack of any kind of structure that could be prone to snow and ice make them ideal for snow belt residents.ProsBosch quality -- if you 've never used Bosch blades , get someease of installationclean streak free performanceno excess noiseConsboth blades have lackluster performance on the outer most 1/2 '' at certain parts of my windshield due to curvature issues , which I could care less about , as its only at the far right of the passenger blade and the very top of the driver side blade .
 I have a 2006 Murano and it has funky sized blades . I had trouble jsut finding refills , but these blades are far superior to standard refills.Leaving in Seattle , cutting through the showers , drizzle , fog and the occasional rain is key.Just a little spendy .
 I never think much about my wipers until I have to replace them and then I usually just go to the big discount store and buy whatever they have . However , saving tax and getting free shipping from Amazon is cool so I look for almost everything here nowadays.I found these wipers here at a decent price so I bought them with no expectations other than saving a few dollars - hey , they are just wipers . But these Bosch ICON wipers are nice . They are easy to install , they look sharp , and they work great in heavy rain and at high speeds -LRB- yeah , I 'm dumb enough to deal with both at the same time -RRB- . I can tell a difference between these and plain jane wipers . They fit the glass snuggly and leave a clean window . I decided to upgrade all my trucks and my kids cars with ICONS because , as it turns out , they are n't just wiper blades , these are fine wiper blades .
 Replaced the high end auto parts store blades with Bosch blades . So far there is no comparison in quality . The Bosch Blades are MUCH better and no more squeeks . Much easier to see at night too .
 I purchased these wiper blades for my 2007 Mazda 3 -LRB- 21 '' driver side and 19 '' passenger side -RRB- after the ones that came with the car started streaking and squeaking . They were easy to install and performed well over the past 2 years in rainy Seattle . Even though I park near trees , these blades continue to perform and do not streak or squeak at all . Pure silence . I clean the rubber inserts with alcohol pads about once or twice a year . You can find YouTube videos on how to install and clean wiper blades.Seattle does n't get much snow , so I ca n't provide any feedback on snow performance .
 These are the best wipers i have owned so far . They are n't perfect though . I like the sleek design and how they do n't come with a big frame . The wipers do a great job in wiping the rain from my windshield but if you do n't clean your windshield of debri and dust often then they will get damaged and then you will notice fine beed lines when wiping as opposed to streaks . Its fine though , not that big of a problem . Overall great product .
 The heater core took at least a month to arrive , by far the longest time of anything I have ordered from amazon.com . This was n't the cheapest heater core on line but I wanted copper not aluminum . I 'm happy with the product and it works just as good as the original . I must admit that the heater is anemic when the vehicle is moving but it was n't any better when it was new . Drivers of Early CJ 's with soft tops know what I 'm talking about .
 Fuel that is . I was not getting any fuel to my 401 and found the pump to be the problem . This replacement pump did the trick and was an easy install . I know that the price here cant be beat . I would buy again .
 First one that I purchased was the wrong size -LRB- my fault , not theirs -RRB- . They were great about doing the exchange and he was so happy with it . Prompt service . I 'll purchase from them again .
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 Nice material and look . I wish it was bigger in size for my 2008 Mazda MX5 .
 Ordered for husband . Fits great and is very comfy . True to size . Order what ever size you normally wear and it will fit .
 My husband loves this helmet . He wears it all of the time even in the winter if he can stand it .
 DOT legal , comfortable , and not real big . Just what I wanted . It 's pretty light weight too . I 'll be buying a second one .
 Replaced my stock smaller mirrors with these on my 2000 F250 XL . Really makes a difference with a trailer , especially when backing around a corner .
 This helmet was actually purchased by accident , but consider that a nice surprise . It fits , it 's airy , and the quality is great . It goes great with my Kill Bill bike wear : - P
 If you have the plastic ones that are dring out then this is the fix . Easy to put on and all metal .
 Had been trying to find a way to secure my camper compartment door and then tried looking on Amazon to see if there was anything that would work . This was exactly the right part and price was right .
 Ordered this to replace the plastic version on the water heater door of my travel trailer . I replaced it in 5 minutes or less . Hopefully it will last many years . Instead of the 2 year average of the plastic one that was on it .
 I just installed this pair of rear pads on my mom 's daily driver car ... they work perfectly . I like the fact that it was packaged with all the hardware . If you need a basic set of pads for a regular commuter car , this should work great .
 Muy buena opci&oacute;n que permite eliminar reducir el humo del cigarrillo , tengo una hace mas de 6 meses y funciona muy bien .
 I have had this on my Tundra for over 4 years now . I use the truck as a work truck . So , it has had alot of use . It has held up really well . I love that it keeps everything in my bed bone dry and out of sight . It has aluminum rails that run the width of the truck under the vinyl cover which makes it very sturdy . It folds back three folds to carry larger items in your bed such as appliances etc. . It comes off in 5 minutes if needed . I will get another if this one ever wears out or i get a new truck .
 Great helmet at a great price . Very comfortable , wind does n't make it sail off and it looks good .
 I love the lightness to the helmet as well as having a built in visor for the colorado sun , the staps could be a little better though
 My son had a new Flowmaster catback on his 2003 Mach 1 - he wanted a deeper sound and knew Borla was the best ! this was the best thing he did to his Mach - sounds awesome and at the best price through Amazon ! highly recommend to everyone who has a Mach 1 or GT
 I recently purchased the Borla Stinger Catback , it arrived fast and was packaged well also . Fit is very good , install was pretty straight forward . The only thing I did n't care for is how it connects to the midpipe , its got a six inch section of 21/4 '' dia . adapter pipe thats similar to a header collector reducer that the main catback slides onto and clamps to instead of being solid all the way forward . They were buried in the foam packing material and hard to find initially . Other than that it looks great , I love the big rolled tips and the sound is fantastic , there maybe some hp gains too . It gets loud inside the car on the hwy . at 80 mph though , forget about talking on cell phone in that situation .
 Got this from amazon about a week ago for $ 427 . Was on sale for 35 % off . I 've wanted this set up for my 2001 GT convertible for since the system came out . I installed it in about 30 minutes with the help of another friend and all the right tools.Very easy and straight forward installation . I know I got a great deal from amazon and I am certainly glad I finally got around to doing it . Wow . What a difference this bolt on setup made . The tone is perfect . Inside and out . I let one of my friends drive it so I could hear it passing by . Damn ! I 've had a few offers to buy my mustang from some of my coworkers since I installed this . All I had to say was Sure Pal . Anyways if your considering this do n't put it off for the last nine years like I did . Get it while you can . You will not be disappointed .
 This exhaust sounds amazing on my 2001 Mustang GT !!! I really wanted this system , but it was so expensive on the other sites I was looking at , so I was just going to settle with another brand . When I found this system on Amazon for so cheap , almost $ 200 less than on the other Mustang site I was looking at , I purchased it immediately . It took my fiance and I only 1.5 hours to remove the old exhaust and bolt this one up . It brings a big grin to my face every time I start my car , and every time I rev her . Plus the 4 '' polished tips look awesome coming out the back . This was an amazing product for an amazing price . Thank you Amazon !!
 Borla always makes great products , it did need minor bending on the exhaust hangers to fit to my liking . I would have rated it 5 stars if i did n't need to do any modifications .
 If you do n't have this exhaust and thinking about getting something else ... Then think again ! I paired this up with the BBK off road x pipe and wow was I surprised . It makes the whole car rumble with a deep tone coming out the back of the four inch chrome tips . Fantastic hanger locations as well for the car . Just like the factory exhaust . I love this S system and it is a must have for any muscle/sport car owner !
 A great buy for the price . You should replace the drum brake hardware when replacing the rear brake shoes . this kit is highly recommended . a complete kit .
 when my mirror camed off i went to dealeship the prices was terrible too expensive i camed to amazon to find one what a great price i love it .
 I had been doing research for a while on the best trifold tonneau cover for my truck , so I already new that Extang was one of the really good brands out there . So , when I found this product on Amazon , for less than anywhere else , I immediately jumped on it and I could n't be happier . It fits my 2004 Toyota Tundra Limited perfectly . The cover is completely water proof as long as there is a solid , consistent contact with the edge of the bed all the way around . My bed rail covers on my truck leave a small gap at the corners of the bed that let water seep in . I filled in the gaps with a piece of rubber and now I do n't have any problems . However , that issue was not the fault of the bed cover , it was my already existing bed rail covers , so do n't let that dissuade you . Occasionally , I might find the tiniest bit of water in the bed after rains , but that is only if it pours for hours . Regardless , I have been immensely pleased with the cover so far . Just so you know , the anchor points near the tailgate are spring loaded and disengage with a quick pull down . Folding the cover back is just two quick folds . The rear anchor points near the cab require tightening a fastener by hand . You should remember this , because if you wanted to remove the cover entirely , it takes a little extra time to undo those anchor points , not quite as fast as the other ones . That is the only improvement I could see if Extang put the same quick release anchor points at all four corners . Nonetheless , I have had no problems with this product and I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 I kew this was a great price for this truck bed cover . After receiving it and getting it out of the box I was blown away . This baby took me less than 10 minutes to put on and fit like a glove . Fantastic cover .
 So I had been debating the Tonneau cover for a while . After deciding it would be worth the ability to keep my cargo dry I decided to go with it . Now nine months later , I know there is a fair bit of debate over the true impact on fuel economy but as a person who has diligently tracked mileage and accounting for seasonal fluctuations it truly does make a difference ! Although I would have to drive for a long time for it to pay for itself in fuel economy , however , it has been great to cover cargo and is remarkably easy to use . It is wonderfully easy to fold back when hauling taller items , and even more impressive is the ability to remove and reinstall the cover . I would highly recommend this product I have been very pleased .
 Installs in less than 10 minutes , looks great and works like it should . Seals have kept rain out of bed so far . Makes it nice to lock items up in truck bed . Tri-fold makes access to bed easy . I have one of the truck bed sectioning bars so it keeps all my stuff at the rear for easy access .
 Covered arrived much sooner than expected with free shipping . Product installation was a breeze . Single person can install in less than 15 minutes . Product seems to be functioning well . Seems to keep items dry based on limited usage in rainy conditions . I think the cover looks great and is a good bargain .
 I love this product . I was n't sure about installing it myself when I ordered it , but it literally only took me 10 minutes and it was incredibly easy . I also recently went on a road trip with my bed filled with luggage , etc. . We hit a large thunderstorm on the trip and there was n't a single drop of water in the bed of my truck after the storm . this cover is water tight .
 It was 100 degrees today and I went riding . The helmet vented well after about 15 mph so puttsing around New York City was not too bad . If it did get a bit hot , I just opened the face piece.The noise was dampened by 50 % , I 'd like to say , and the wind noise was not loud at all . The fitment was excellent around the chin and cheeks , and the strap underneath was very comfortable and padded . The face shield flipped up and down in 4 positions and the shield also has an effective anti glare/anti fog coating . The shield wraps around the helmet and allows excellent peripheral vision.Bottom line , I felt safe , and secure in this helmet.Note
 I have ridden about 400 miles with this helmet so far and you ca n't beat it for the value!I love the way it fits and the wind noise is so much less than my other helmet .
 It works just great . I did n't need it but it is in there and working fine . The story is
 These things are great . For years I tried different types of gloves with no success in keeping the tips of my fingers from getting numb . I put a pair of these on my bike and have n't had that problem since.Sure , they sell gloves with batteries or electric plugs that you can attach to your bike , but who needs that hassle , or expense.My fingers might get a little cold , but nothing bad , you do n't even need gloves under the mitts . I 've ridden with them in temps of the mid 20 's and was still comfortable . I will say , this is the first year I 've had a fairing on a bike , but the problem has never been with the wind hitting my hands , more that the controls are freezing and the tips of my fingers getting that whitish color from holding on to them.So I 'm happy with this product . They saved me a bunch of money by not having to install electric hand grips or dealing with batteries or plugin cords.The only downside of putting the mitts on a motorcycle is the mirrors and break or clutch reservoirs . It allows for a little air to seep in but again , nothing bad , you can plug the leak up easy enough with a little imagination , or you can remove the mirrors and install them through the mitts if you want a better seal .
 This is the first time I 've seen a commercially available product for handlebar gloves . A couple of years ago I discovered that cold-weather motorcyclists would make these themselves , custom fit to their specific bike . So I got out the sewing machine and a random piece of fabric and made my own.Now mine do n't look nearly as good or nearly as insulated as these , but mine worked GREAT . With a combination of pogies , gloves and chemical hand warmers inside the gloves , you can easily ride in zero degree weather all day long . The pogies -LRB- of whatever brand you buy or make -RRB- are designed -LRB- imho -RRB- to keep the wind off your hands ; which again , imho is what freezes your hands so quickly.Use the pogies to keep the wind off . Use gloves and hand warmers to keep your hands warm .
 I have a 2011 yamaha fz6r . I bought some thicker motorcycle gloves to help fight the cold air when i ride especially on the free way -LRB- I travel 36 miles one way -RRB- . But the thicker gloves only lasted 10 minutes and once my hands got cold , it hurt really bad , i still had maybe another 30 minutes worth of riding . But once i bought these puppies and installed them without any kind of modifications i can ride in 27 degree weather with only regular thin gloves . Dont get me wrong , they were a bit chilly but they were not painfully freezing . They do cover the controls so know where your buttons are . Also its a bit of a hassel moving in and out of these so once i got my hands in i left then there . I do recommend them for anybody who rides in the cold weather and i have not had any problems with them at all .
 I ride a 2005 Triumph Sprint ST.These mitts are really good for the price . If you have a large brake resevior on your bike , you 'll have to do a cheap mod . Basically , I had to cut the mitts , and attach some velco to them , so I could slide them over the right hand grip . Now it 's perfect . I just re-velco the strip and they work great.I would recommend them for a cheap alternative to heated grips .
 Nice to have found a fuel pump that has the ports angled properly . The original pump on my classic Chevy with a 350 engine was replaced a few years ago with a pump bought at a nationwide auto parts store . The ports were not angled properly which required the fuel lines to be bent . The pump worked well but I was never pleased with the installation . This Carter replacement is identical to the original and has been in service and working well for several months .
 Color true to sample on line and the fit is very very good . The velcro to hold the cover to the dash is stuck on the back of the mat so look there before you look in the box and worry that you did not get it . The cover goes over the dash speakers but does not diminish the sound quality.The fit is really nice , the swtitching is very good and the velour appears to be a good quality material . I am pleased with all aspects of this purchase.Mike
 This lever is amazing . Using the setting closest to the handlebar -LRB- there are three settings -RRB- , the clutch pull is significantly decreased which makes for great one or two finger clutch use . I installed one of these on my WR250X supermoto and it works great ! Also , there is a black rubber/plastic piece on the front of the lever which is what the black in the item description represents . Furthermore , this item is the entire clutch assembly which is not really clear by the item description . Buy it and enjoy it !
 Mirror was exactly the same as the factory one . Installation was a snap . Delivery was very fast . Product description was very accurate .
 used on a fleet van that had a different style mirror which was too small , so i ordered these and they fit perfect , quality seems just like factory ford part . i will definitly order more as my other van mirrors get broken from drivers hitting things
 I have had these for my nissan quest for 6 months now . I could not ask for more
 After 2 months on this car and 8 months on a different car , this product is excellent . Its the next best thing to a dry windshield . You get what you pay for .
 I do n't know how these got bad reviews , but I can only imagine that certain windshields play a factor . In my experience , i 've bought several sets of these with great results . I have used these on a few different cars and even got some for my girlfriend 's car , with great results every time . There has never been streaking with these at all , in fact , sometimes i 'll spray the windshield with wiper fluid just to watch in amazement as these wipe every drop in one swipe . I have recommended these to several people who all swear by them now.I used rain-x wipers before these with decent results , but not great . I do use rain-x windshield treatment fluid though . The wipers work great without it , but on the highway , you can set a lower wiper speed if you use rain-x since it just beads off .
 Used these to replace OEM blades on a 2005 Chrysler Town And Country . Great blades , much better than the std type of metal framed blade . Just make sure you get a left and right -LRB- A and B -RRB- , otherwise the air foil will be facing the wrong way on one of them .
 Put these on my 2010 Altima back in mid 2011 and these jammies are still performing excellent . I keep my windsheild and blade rubber rainx ` ed at all times .
 I bought this to replace my original blade on my 07 Altima . It was a perfect fit . Easy to install and works great . I ran it through a severe storm recently and it worked great .
 This wiper blade is on my 2008 and 2010 Altimas . They are extremely easy to replace and work great . I actually just ordered a second pair for my 2008 and replaced the stock blades on my 2010 . I will gladly replace them again with these blades when they need it .
 The best windshield wiper on the market . Easy to install and will keep your windshield clean and clear at any speed .
 Great blades that could be received to an apo addy seeing how places here do n't carry 28 '' blades . Package received in new from factory condition .
 We replaced the squeaky Michelin blades on our '06 Chrysler T&C ; mini-van . Installation took about 5 minutes , easiest installation ever . Next morning , we began a road trip that included a fair amount of rain , light to heavy . These blades -LRB- left and right , different stock numbers -RRB- worked great , and quiet . What a relief from the last set . Do n't know how long these will last , but if they do n't last a reasonable length of time we will update this review . For now though we are very pleased . Just a note ; we also use Rain-X wiper fluid and that product works great also.Edited
 Before buying I was not totally sure how the lack of frame in it will work.It works very well .
 I replaced my left Rain-x Wiper Blade with 28 '' Bosch ICON and 18 '' right Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blade with Bosch ICON also . Last year , the auto supply store ran out of 28 '' Bosch and thus I had to use Rain-X on the left . I treated windshield with Rain-X Glass Treatment , used Rain-X De-Ice in the winter and Summer Rain-X Bug Remover whenever temp is above freezing . Installing both ICON blades took less than 5 minutes amd Bosch ICON should work better than any frame wiper blade . I decided to purchase the Bosch ICON , over the Bosch Evolution , Rain-X Latitude , and Michelin/Pylon Frameless All-Weather Blade since it will take me about three more years to test all of them . Bosch ICON costs the most but with free shipping from Amazon.com and both wiper blades cost less than my framed Rain-X and Bosch Micro purchased from store . Blades arrived in 2 shipments and oversized boxes protected both blades from any damage . I was extremely happy with Amazon.COM packaging , and price . But free shipping means that it wil take longer to arrive . After more than four seasons of NYC sun and ice , the old framed Balde worked extremely well , in any kind of rain . Above 45 MPH , I rarely turned on my wipers . I hated to replace the old blades , but do n't want to take chances during snow/ice storms , when frame blades tend to freeze up , from snow built-up , and I could n't locate winter blade with length of 28 '' . Bosch ICON works extremely well and I will test it in NYC snow and ice storms and provide my feedback in a few months . Try Rain-X Windshield fluid and replace you aged blades and you will be happy . I drove along PA , NY , New England , and Mass turnpikes , in light or pouring rain , for anywhere from 2 to 4 hours , and rarely had to use my wiper . But winter driving in snow will make the Bosch ICON a wise and happy investment .
 As Advertised and a nice item to have . I use under the rear seat in my truck .
 We bought a Toyota Sequoia and knew that a backup camera could only help . I wanted a monitor system that looked natural in the vehicle . After a little research I found this which seemed to fit my needs perfectly . The monitor mirror unit did n't fit ` over ' the mirror - it replaced it completely ! And the wires feeding down to it are barely noticeable . I highly recommend hardwired systems by the way ! I know of too many others who have complained about the noise with wireless systems , not to mention the annoying delay between the time the vehicle is shifted into reverse and the time the camera actually engages . Also , go for the CCD camera -LRB- which this one is -RRB- instead of the CMOS . The install was a bit tricky only because the wiring in the Sequoia was not clear . Larger vehicles -LRB- like mine -RRB- might require an additional 6 ' S-video cable to augment the cable that ships with the product . I highly recommend the VS-1 for both quality and performance !
 I purchased this to replace the wimpy air filter on my son 's chinese 110cc atv . It fit just fine , the quad also has more get up and go , even with me on it and I 'm 170lbs @ 5 ' 11 '' . Just oil it up and install . Make sure you purchase filter oil . I did n't , but I used K&N filter oil .
 I 'd been searching for a suitable oil filter adaptor for my new SBC engine , which differed from the original one in my old engine . I needed one with a deeper section to fit up into the deeper recess on the block & after a lot of searching found this one on Amazon . Great price , exactly what I wanted & shipped out immediately .
 I used to be able to purchase these inexpensive quality blades almost everywhere . Much has occurred in the past four years since my last need for blades.These blades in my original wiper mechanisms are sublime . They are simple to install , quiet , and they do n't chatter or squeal , and they work really well . Simple , direct , cost effective engineered product that fits my car . The picture does not show it very well , but the blade consists of a plastic channel , the rubber blade , a stainless clip that holds the blade to the wiper mechanism , and a small dent at the end to lock the blade into the plastic channel . -LRB- NOTE
 Why is a car air filter so important ? The more air that enters an engine increases combustion activity resulting in more horsepower . An engine with a restricted or plugged air filter is like a person breathing through a straw . Now I installed this ` once-in-a-car-lifetime ' filter . Let me explain it this way . With most ordinary air filters you buy at the auto store , you pay about $ 10 - $ 15 and they should be changed every 15,000 miles . This filter will last 50,000 -LRB- the box actually says 1,000,000 -RRB- miles before you change it and even then , you can buy a $ 14 `` K&N '' kit to clean it yourself ! So you 're saving yourself about $ 1,000 and the hassle of changing a filter every 15,000 miles . Guaranteed great quality . Lifetime gaurantee . Check out all of their products .
 Seems like it is better then OEM and can be used over and over again so looks like a good thing .
 Another good product from K&N . My cars seem to breath better and get slightly more power with this product .
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 Gives me data which I did n't have before , to help avoid making costly mistakes of replacing good batteries . And there really is no need to buy the more expensive version , this one will display measured CCA outside its published range of the 200-850 CCA .
 Decals are easy to apply and look sharp while they 're on . I only gave 4 stars because I live in a pretty cold climate and they do n't usually make it through the winter without peeling up around the edges . They are inexpensive enough to replace but it 's still a pain .
 I used this on my 2008 610SM FI Husqvarna and its all the difference to the K&N which would not fit and fold .
 These locks are made by McGard , who makes them as OEM for many automobile manufacturers . They cost much less here , and McGard will help you determine the correct ones for your vehicle . There are some auto manufacturers however , such as Toyota , that are the only source for the ones that fit their vehicles . Mcguard will not sell them to you.Don ' t confuse these with the cheaper ones available at auto parts retailers . These are computer machined and the key fits very precisely - it appears to be nearly impossible to remove them with any tools , and you can not buy them just anywhere . There is more than one version of each model so it is unlikely that anyone else with these would have a key that fits yours . You register them with McGard and only you can buy a replacement key.If you have a high value car and/or expensive wheels these are the only locks you should consider .
 Looked around for this part and found it on Amazon . It was difficult to find the correct set for my car as there were a number of different wheels on that model year . Thank you Amazon .
 I just got my set and installed them in about 10 mins , I have heard good things about mcgard and I think they are a good brand . I called them to see what size I needed and they were very helpful . If you have expensive factory wheels , then wheel locks are a must especially if it 's a leased car .
 This was perfect for my car window . It applies to the inside of the window , and stayed on so well I had to trade it in with my car . I 'll be buying another one !
 I got my first Tigger decal sticker as a gift , placed it on my car window and it stayed there with no peeling or fading for 10 years . He finally got to old and had trouble sticking there so I ordered a new one with NO hesitation . I have a new one displayed now and ready to enjoy another 10 years . ENJOY YOURS
 Nothing too GREAT -- just a nice small sticker/decal that I ordered for my husband 's truck . It 's axactly the way it looks online .
 So my '96 LandCruiser radiator finally cracked its plastic on the top after 17 yrs ... not bad and warrants an OEM replacement however , I 'm kinda old school and prefer soldered metal versus crimped on end caps . This CSF was a PERFECT FIT and quality out of the box looked really good . Drove it for the last two weeks with zero issues.This is now my 2nd CSF -LRB- same story with my '96 Toyota Avalon that I changed over a year ago -RRB- which is why I put my trust in this brand.My overall engine temp has dropped about 5 degrees but I attribute that to not having partially blocked tubes rather than a difference in materials vs OEM.No regrets and highly recommend as an OEM replacement.Dave -LRB- WileEToyote on IH8MUD forum -RRB-
 good product good price good service so thats how its shud be to get wat u want and not to be screwed over so i wud recomend to a friend
 I ordered 2 of these for my wife . One had a bad wrinkle in it and did not adhere well . I e-mailed the seller , they quickly e-mailed back stating they would send a replacement decal . The replacement arrived quickly and in perfect condition . I appreciate the good price and good service .
 I am very happy with this product . It is weather resistant and it looks great on the rear glass of my car . It 's priced right .
 I had been running with this Cycle Shack Rocket muffler tip for a couple years and forgot to use Lock-Tite so lost it riding several weeks ago . The replacemnet muffler tip was better than the first having an addtional mounting bolt making it more secure.The chrome is excellent and never blued , while the look is a perfect retro classic . If you have a three inch O.D. muffler -LRB- I am running a Caliber 2-into-1 -RRB- you ca n't go wrong and as a bonus it extends just far enough on my bike to protect the paint on my Tail Dragger fender from exhaust gases & heat .
 these mats are cute , easy to clean and durable . I am very staisfied with my purchase of them . No complaints at all .
 The instructions that came with this key fob made everything so simple and easy . I literally had the Remote fob linked up within 1 minute.I linked my Remote fob up to a 2003 Chevy Tracker ZR2.What may be confusing to some is that you have to take a fuse and a couple separate pieces of wire that are approx 2 '' long and create kind of a ` fuse bridge ' between the # 4 and # 8 slots of your ` Code Reading Outlet ' . I forget what the lil ' plug-in is called exactly but it 's the outlet that if you were needing a code read on you vehicle ... that 's the place they plug into to read the code .
 I ordered this and received the remote in a very timely manner . But , although my truck has power locks , it evidently does not allow remote access . I returned the item and received a full refund from the seller .
 The Keyless Remote works great . The programming instructions were right on . It only took a cople of min . to get it programed .
 Purchased these to replace some old wipers on my 1994 Oldsmobile Bravada . Delivered on time and well packaged . Good wipers for the money . Would buy again .
 The decal is really nice . The only comment that I have against it is that the size advertized -LRB- 6 '' X 8 '' -RRB- is for the entire sheet that the decal is on . Not the size of the decal which is smaller .
 This product is very high quality . Much better than I expected . The last `` sticker '' that I purchased off of amazon was some cheap POS that looked like it was printed off a home printer . The colors were not correct -LRB- the orange was red -RRB- , but this product looks great and is stamped onto the material . Great Product , very pleased .
 Very easy to connect with the car . Great product . Would recomend this if you need a key less remote . Great product .
 This thing is exactly as advertised . It was very easy to program . You could teach a gorilla to do it if you had enough bananas .
 This is a nice unit for charging . Definitely worth the 30 dollars I paid for it . Keep in mind , if you are expecting a lot of power from this , it may not be enough . Do the calculations carefully to make sure you have enough panel and some spare to charge up the products you intend to use this for .
 My 5th wheel RV has 2 deep cycle batteries and while the RV sits idle and not connected to shore power , the batteries gradually lose their charge . The Coleman 5 watt solar trickle charger maintains them at full charge during these times . Be sure and check the water level in your batteries periodically if your RV is stored for an extended period of time . Buying an expensive mount for the charger is not necessary as there are good options open at a fraction of the cost to anyone with a bit of an imagination and some ingenuity .
 This is great for vehicles with something causing the battery to go dead over long periods on inactivity , but not ment to charging your battery quickly . My truck sets for a week to two months without use and the battery would go dead because of a small current draw from something in the system . One of these chargers made it so I can go to my truck after over two months of not starting and not worry about if it will start .
 This is low power , but works well at keeping a disused battery charged at 50-80 degrees F
 It twisted a 5/16 weld stud right off . It 's kinda big and heavy for a 3/8 drive , but i 'd rather it be a bit big than gutless .
 I have owned this for four years working as a auto mechanic every day and this ratchet just keeps going and going . It has allot of torque once it starts spinning and will try to run away with you once it 's tight ! Overall a great product
 it is a normal decal and the price is the only difference i see from this and others i have got in the past
 I looked around the internet for a vinyl graphic that I liked that would fit the color of my Ranger XLT , found the design that my wife & I liked and the color also.Amazon worked with us cause the color wasnt on the market like the rest of them , but they came though for us which we were really pleased . Thanks Again Amazon and the Company that you worked with to help us out , and the Highlander vinyle and fender flare 's looks great ... : -RRB-
 I bought this pad to finish the look I was going for ; it perfectly matches the two Mustang seats that I recently bought for my 2009 FLSTC . It was easy to install . Same great quality .
 Looked for this part all over . This vendor is the only one who had this brand . Received on time . Fair price .
 Looks good so far . We will see how long it lasts . A little difficult to apply since it tends to stick to the sheet that needs to be removed . Use a sharp point to help it along .
 We ordered for application on a bar stool and it worked perfectly . Exactly what we wanted ! Harley Davidson is always good quality
 The decal comes in various sizes - make sure you let them know the size you would like - GREAT decal and great customer service !!
 worked well in my pickup . there is some diffulculty in releasing the rachet when removing .
 We drive a 2008 Dodge Dakota which has a Tonneau cover . It was really getting old when grocery shopping to have all the sacks slide up the front of the bed.This bar is not a heavy duty bar , but it is more than adequate for holding sacks of groceries in the included storage net . In addition to the net , we placed S-hooks on the bar so that we can hook the handles of the plastic sacks on them . This helps keep the sacks from shifting , as well as make it easier to unload .
 Easy to install . I used it for our Ford F150XL with large truckbed and fits perfectly . Sturdy bar , serve its purpose from keeping our grocery items from sliding towards the front of truck.Storage net is just fine .
 This product is pretty good . It arrived in a timely manner . It was easy to install and took me just a few moments to get everything organized . I drive a Chevrolet Avalanche and it fit perfectly across the bed . My only complaints are the cargo net is smaller than I I would have liked but I managed to get all of stuff in it.My biggest complaint while it is n't major is the release mechanism . It does not release or shorten the bar as easily as it seems on the directions . I 'm thinking it would be a two person job . If it was n't for that this would have been a 5 star review .
 I like it . Very useful and the cargo net is wonderful . All the packages do n't move to the frontof the bed .
 Bought this cargo ratchet bar and cargo net/bar for our son for his truck . He says they work great and keeps everything in place . He has used it for his construction tools and for groceries .
 I like using the net and bar to separate my bed in my truck and the net is nice for small light items .
 Product performed just as stated . Easy to use and keeps cargo in contrul in the truck bed . No problems at all ...
 I really like this item and use it all the time . I feel much more comfortable knowing that the items are secure from rolling around in the bed of the truck and safe from damage . I also like the added net . It is great to secure and transport small items in it ! The ratchet is very easy to use , once you figure it out !!!
 This is perfect for keeping groceries in place , in the back of our pickup . No more gallons of milk on their sides and groceries splattered all over the bed !!!! This is very functional and affordable .
 The only real downside for this product is its cost . Aside from that , the quality is very good , the kit includes everything you need for installation except for an electric drill and a simple wrench , and it only took about an hour to install . The kit does include one 11/64 '' drill bit ; the one I received was not particularly sharp . So , I just used one of mine . Once the pedals are in , they look just like they do in the product images .
 Fixing all parts together is a bit lengthy . However , they are of excellent quality and look elegant .
 This is a good quality product that is so easy to put on and take off , why would n't you want one . This literally adds a room to the back of the trailer when the door is down , now we use it all the time .
 These lug nuts worked great , look great , and saved me a big headache with not having to change my studs out . Very reasonable price as well , I thought !
 What I like : + Simple to use + Large can of brake clean + Good looking end resultWhat I do n't : - Included paint brush is worthless - It is pretty expensive for paint - Foam packing peanutsFairly simple well packed kit , paint , hardener , crappy paintbrush , decals and a lots of little messy foam peanuts.Please keep in mind that this G2 Paint Kit only only one part of the entire painting process -LRB- the other is labor -RRB- . If you 've ever painted anything half decent you 'll know that to get good looking results you want to put a lot of effort into preparation . What this means if you 'll want to take your time getting your caliper surfaces spotless to give the paint a good surface to bond to . The kit includes a fairly large can of brake clean to help you do just that . You 'll want to take a 3M Scotch Brite Heavy Duty Pad -LRB- not included -RRB- and work it until the metal is spotless . My calipers went from a graphite gray to stainless steel gray after a few brake clean / scrub cycles . If you do n't do this well you risk having paint flake off in the future forcing you to redo the work.Important note
 This one does not come programmed . For my car , i was not able to get it programmed by the technical support team . I took it to a well known locksmith and he got it programmed in just about 2 minutes and it works fine . The buttons are smooth , so you might accidently press the button and your car may start beeping .
 Best lugs money can buy for sure . Way better than factory Racestars . Perfect replacement for them . Excellent quality and chrome looks great as day I installed them .
 This has to be about the most useful little tool set to have . I bought one to keep in the saddle bag of my motorcycle `` just in case '' . It works great as an addition to the factory-supplied tool set that comes with a new motorcycle or as a basic set of tools to have in case the other set gets lost .
 My husband just bought a motorcycle and was happy to get this tool set . He liked how it was small and easy to use . It arrived on time and in great condition .
 I have a Shadow Areo 2006 , this magic tool do it all , Life saver .
 This product is compact but still sturdy , it can be attached to your belt or be put under your seat . Overall I 'm pretty satisified with this purchase .
 Very nice fit , and looks good . The gauge fit perfectly . My only complaint is that the plastic is a little thin , and it is n't the same color as the plastic that is underneath it . So it does n't match the interior perfectly , which makes it easy to see that it really is n't stock . All-in-all it is a good product .
 I purchased the Borla system for my 2003 Infiniti G35 . Perfect fit , easy installation , great sound . Could n't ask for more !
 I was fully satisfied with this product . It came with everything you need to change the clutch master cylinder . Was very surprised when I opened the package and it even came with the clutch position sensor ! Thanks for delivering as promised !!!!
 Used this 16 '' Tornado electric fan to replace the factory belt driven fan on 2000 Chevy S-10 Xtreme with 4.3 V-6 and new radiator . The factory fan shroud was removed to make mounting and connecting electric fan easier then reinstalled when complete . Installation was relatively simple and required no specialized tools . I chose to keep it simple -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- and use the included toggle switch to turn the fan on and off rather than use an optional temperature activated fan control . The toggle switch has to be mounted inside so the wires have to be routed inside as well and wiring was the most difficult -LRB- and time consuming -RRB- aspect of installation . In my case I had to drill a small hole in the firewall and put a rubber grommet in it to protect the wires running through it . A word of caution here ... manual fan control requires constant coolant temperature monitoring ... which requires a guage to do so . If your vehicle does n't have a temperature guage you 'll need to install one . If you 're not comfortable or capable of constant temperature monitoring use a fan control device mounted in the engine compartment . Keep in mind that as long as your vehicle allows adequate airflow through the grill -LRB- and radiator -RRB- a cooling fan is n't needed at speeds above 30 to 35 mph . This fan is installed as a primary cooling fan in a black truck with a confined engine compartment and factory air conditioning and driven daily in the extreme heat of the Arizona desert . In stop and go traffic with the A/C on and air temperatures of 110 to 120 this fan keeps the engine cool . It 's a high quality designed and built product that I highly recommend .
 Amazon was by far the cheapest I found . Overall very happy with the purchase . 1 hole was off just a little but no major deal , loosend the other 3 screws up and got it lined up and tightend them all up . Looks great and very happy with it .
 We bought two of these to replace Nicro Day & Night Solar vents in our liveaboard cruising sailboat , a Tayana 37 . They move significantly more air and seem to be more sturdily built . I like that they have NiMH rechargeable batteries , instead of Ni-Cads -- they should provide much better service.HOWEVER , the installation instructions are very poor , as is the installation system in general . Despite the fact that they are labeled as `` marine '' it seems that the engineers have never actually tried to install them in a boat . First , if your mounting surface is more than 1 '' thick , the supplied bolts are too short . Second , I dare anyone to drill six holes perfectly vertically so that the bolts will pass through a pre-drilled `` backing plate '' -LRB- more on this later -RRB- , through the deck and line up with the tapped holes in the vent itself . Third , all that 's keeping the vent against the waterproof gasket is the force supplied by a 1/16 '' edge of ABS plastic against the inside of your cabin -LRB- imagine if your housing breaks -- how much water could come in through the 4-3/4 '' hole if you took a wave ? -RRB- . Fourth , the instructions tell you to use 3M 5200 as a sealant -LRB- although they never say where to use it -RRB- -- the truth is that 5200 itself says that it is incompatible with ABS -LRB- use marine-grade silicone instead -RRB- . Fifth , the hole size and screw drill size are both incorrect in the instructions -- the hole needs to be at least 4-3/4 '' -LRB- not 4-1/2 '' -RRB- and the screws are 3/16 '' -LRB- not 3/8 '' -RRB- . If you need to buy longer machine screws to go through a thicker deck , note that they are FINE-THREAD -LRB- something that can be impossible to find in stainless steel if you are outside the US -RRB- . Two issues with the batteries . The ones that were included -LRB- with both vents -RRB- refused to charge . One set would charge with a regular battery charger ; one would not take a charge from any source . This was n't a major problem for us as I have lots of AA NiMH batteries on hand for other things . But if you do n't , the vents would only work during sunny times . Second , the batteries are in a little compartment that is secured with two TINY -LRB- eyeglass size -RRB- screws -- if you have to change the batteries once the vent is mounted , it 's going to be lots of fun to get the screws in correctly -- upside down , overhead -- without stripping or losing them -LRB- even with the longer life of a NiMH , I know we 'll have to replace them sometime -RRB- . The interior `` trim ring '' -LRB- which also serves as a backing plate -- but note that it is bowl-shaped so that only the edge of it goes against the ceiling -RRB- is 10-1/2 '' in diameter -- HUGE ! However , you can do without it -LRB- use washers on the screws and make your own smaller trim plate -RRB- . We finally ended up mounting the vents on the coach house roof just with marine-grade silicone . For our coastal cruising , we think they 'll be sufficiently waterproof . If we were heading offshore into potential large seas , I 'd want them bolted in.All that said , they move a lot more air than the previous solar vents we had and thus we 're overall happy with them .
 This is a very good product and far exceeded my expectations - however . The installation instructions are misleading in that if you cut a round hole , it needs to be at least 43/4 '' in diameter for the inside trim plate to be installed . The instructions call for a 41/2 ' hole that just wo n't work . Other than that - no problems .
 This was a no-brainer to install and is so far working fine . The only gripe I have is that the motor and fan unit is a little more loose in the mounting tube then I 'd like . If I accidently bash it with my head it tends to slip , which causes the blades to hit the sides of the mounting tube . The suck/blow/on / off switch is very accessible and the unit is built solid and is as attractive as an ugly aluminum fan housing can be .
 Seems to function quite well . Currently in January I do n't think there is enough solar energy to charge the batteries fully , so it does not run all night . What did surprise me on receiving the unit was it 's size . I had a solar vent previously that was much smaller . This vent is the size of a dinner plate or so . Not a big deal , but it was n't clear from the description just how big it was . Overall , it works well and was very easy to install .
 I wanted to order 2 , but they only had 1 in stock . This is a well built assembly with some `` heft '' to it , quiet operation , easy installation with a smooth sweep and for $ 7 a pretty good buy ... . I highly recommend . How long it lasts under the Texas sun remains to be seen .
 We had a big storm 32 `` of snow I plowed all night the wipers would ice up and I were pull on them to break the ice all night long and they never rip and till work great !!!
 Fit perfectly . Works perfectly.I had no problem removing the old wiper . Directions are in the package . Be careful when removing the old and installing the new .
 I Highly Recommend these Trico Wiper Blades . They Install Easily , Fit Perfectly , and Work Great ... I 'll Be Back for More !
 These windshield wipers were easy to install . I have n't driven in any rain since I put them on , but I 'm sure they will be fine .
 I am so glad I found this , my husband has the same pixie on his 10 year old car , but she has cracked and faded over the years , and he really wanted to find a replacement of the same thing . He searched around forever , and I finally found it in the auto section , so this was his Christmas gift . Woot !
 Does a very job at cutting down on glare and keeping the dash clean . The only small issue with it , is I had to add some extra Velcro when I installed it .
 The trim relay for Mercury power trim was a perfect replacement for `` up '' trim . Mounted well as the factory equipped relay .
 The Catalytic converter fits correctly and without issue . Overall the unit Is well made with thick plate steel foir the flanges and heavy gauge tubular piping . There are no mounting points for the OEM heat sheild but the sheilding supplied appears to be adequate.I would not use it for a performance rig because the inlet appears to be less than 50 % area found in the OEM cast iron unit . It 's basically an oval hole in a round metal plate whereas the OEM unit is more of a very large diameter funnel leading down to the outlet port . I 'm not sure if the resulting turbulence and restriction has any significant impact on mileage or performnce.The packaging left a lot to be desired since the unit was loose in the oversize box without any packaging material whatsoever.Overall an excellent value for the money at 116.00 USD .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE my new flip flop car mats !!!!!!!! They go great with my black interior without being girly !!!!!!! They are made well and I 've received a ton of compliments already !!
 Of course you are probably buying this because it is cheap . I did not use most of the kit including the switch as I already had my own . It will hold a fan in place and that is about it . Make sure you use the zip ties . I found the metal rod attachment system to be worthless for my radiator .
 My husband loves it and shows it proudly on his truck . Could ` nt find it in our stores , but once again , Amazon came thru for us .
 This gauge is great for the Turbo Cummings . The other gauges max out at 30psi and my stock 2006 Mega cab produces close to 40psi . If you add a programmer you would go way over they gauges limit . Very . Accurate gauge smooth operation and easy to install .
 Someone had ordered this and returned . I saved about $ 30 and I am all about savings . It works great and really reduces the glare . Kind of wished I got Dark Grey instead of Black because my interior is Grey but it works just great .
 Love this bug shade ... not too tall , looks classy but the screws are simply too wimpy ... had to go to home depxx and get bigger self tapping screws ... looks great on my Jeep Grand Cherokee .
 It was fast service . These were exactly what my husband wanted . Not too big , not too small .
 I 'm not sure what this is supposed to be , but this item is great if you need just a little bit to get free shipping .
 An alternator was going to cost me close to $ 100 . I found this repair kit at Autozone for 18.99 . Took me about 2 hours , between removal , rebuild , and replacing in vehicle . Car started right up , volt meter up and holding perfect . AWESOME !! SO happy I saved the cash . Take your time , remember how everything goes , and follow the directions that come with it , and you will be goods .
 This kit came with everything to rebuild my alternator to as new condition . I especially liked the fact it came with three different brush sets sure to fit almost any Delco alternator . The instructions were weak so if you are not familiar with rebuilding alternators consult a good repair manual or u-tube for guidance . Overall a very good product and would purchase it again .
 The alternator on my tractor stopped charging the battery and after checking out the wiring I ordered this rebuild kit . It was easy to install and the instructions were pretty good . I found that my alternator was full of dirt and dust and that is probably what caused it to fail in the first place so I got all of that cleaned out and I plan to use compressed air to blow it out regularly now to try to keep it from building up in there again . I could not easily get the bearing out but it did not look like it was bad so I did not try too hard and just left the old one in there . I was very happy to find that this inexpensive rebuild kit solved my problem instead of having to buy an expensive alternator .
 Hi.I bought these springs for my ML55 AMG ! very very good performance ! Good handling and comfort ! Super heavy duty ! I install them with bilshtein b6 off road sport shock absorbers .
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 This is a great test pipe . Shipping was so fast and I hooked it on my car and the sound is amazing ! I def recommend this ! A lot better than a Cat-back .
 this is an EXCELLENT replacement speaker - for the 2000 through 2005 Deville series cars - and the 1998 through 2004 Seville series cars - It is a DIRECT FIT - even though the fitment guidewill tell you this will NOT work - and it is about 1/3 the cost of the original -
 I ordered this speaker on the suggestion on Google that this speaker works like my original and it does . And it cost one-up third as much .
 looked for ever for one it was n't as big as i wanted but it will work . now just got ta find one that says nova customs
 nice decal it will look good on the back of a chevy truck and it was packaged really well to .
 Its a great Bow Tie it just looks so good on my newly painted Truck 's back center window !! Just the right size for my Chevrolet S-10 Truck !! And I love it ! I 'm a Lady , And I also love my Chevy Truck !! If you Buy one for your self you will also Love the size , And the way it will set your Truck OFF !!
 OE pads for less than OE price . Way better than the horrible `` life time warranty pads '' that other parts chains sell that eat your rotors and squeak . Great deal with prime shipping .
 Kind of a steep price for a plastic keychain , but worth it for fans . I would not use this as an actual keychain , as it has little doodads that would break off easily . You can pose his little arms ! Ufortunately , the batteries were dead when I recieved it , so I have not heard his voice yet . He arrived quickly and was packaged well . He is a great addition to growing collection of little robots on my desk !
 The one I bought online reportedly worked just fine . -LRB- I was a bit worried that the batteries would be dead . -RRB- I 'm glad I bought it , as it had the desired effect of cheering up a friend .
 Extang makes a great product -- but after four years , the end of the cover was showing wear -- I had lost the tailgate metal section of the frame on a trip last year and the old cover suffered from wind whip . It finally gave out , and I had to order a new cover . It arrived in two days and the fit was perfect for my 2004 3500 Silverado .
 Pros : Stamped as made in USAPainted with true John Deere GreenSeems solid enoughFits pretty well in my Silverado 1500Cons : Slick surfaceGroves to the right are shallowDisclaimer
 I got this for my husband and he loved it ... they are awesome ... the detail is great . Nice size logo and a good fit in our truck .
 I was very impressed with the quality of these . I hesitated for a long time , trying to decide which kind to get . Very pleased with my decision .
 pros - made in usa , they are thick enough that they do not slide around or bunch up like the cheap ones do . have punch outs if you have factory installed hooks for floor mats.cons - should be wider on top . nothing there where there should be floor mat.other stuff - they are a john deere licensed product if that matters . they even come with instructions for use
 I purchased these for my son for Christmas . He was very pleased with how well they were made , how solid they were , and how nicely they fit in his truck .
 These floor mats are very thick and have the feel of quality about them . The edges are very easy to trim off for an exact fit in my vehicle . I wish I had bought the mats for the back seat , now . That will be my next purchase .
 I bought these for my uncle who is obsessed with John Deer and he loves them . They were a great fit for his Ford truck and made from a thick rubber . Hopefully they will last a long time .
 This was a well loved gift ! Great quality & price . Makes a rather unique gift and a must for any John Deere fan . Also great to pair with the steering wheel cover .
 These mats are currently serving in a 1996 Outback . They fit this car well w/o trimming . Very durable after 2 years use . Easy to clean . They look sharp too . I will confess that they will probably look better in an F350 of Silverado 200HD .
 these floor mats are unscathed by the Michigan winters and my boots all over them ! they do n't move around with your feet , even though i had to put them in on the opposite sides of the car to make them fit well without a trim ! overall great looking , easy to clean ! five stars
 Mats fit my Dodge Pickup almost perfectly , bright colors and designs look great on the floor.appear to be heavy duty ... if you are a fan of john deere you 'll be pleased
 My Father loved these covers and used them for a very long time . The price was very good and the quality was the best .
 Love these great price and a great value and just what I looked at in the store for less then half the price would recommend any one looking at John Deere things to check these out !
 This is the best alarm system , for anyone on a budget ! It worked wonders in my car , saved it from a break in . I heard the alarm go off infront of a friends house late at night , when outside to see my window smashed , but thankfully the car was still there , and insuranced covered the damages!Avital is great !
 I was glad to find the exact part I needed at a very reasonable price . The shipping cost was very reasonable as well . The part has been installed and works like it should . My only concern is the time it took from purchase date to ship and the in transit time . Total of nearly 2 weeks .
 I was happy with the product sent to me , the color matched the accents of the interior of my car and I was very pleased with the ease , fit , and feel of the wheel cover , very soft , like broken in leather !
 The product was exactly what I ordered and fit prefectly to my vehicle . They were very easy to mount and the instruction were ok could be better .
 Sensor looks identical to the factory model and solved the inability to start after short trips and the random stalling at stop lights.Good price for a good sensor !
 This is a perfect fit replacement part . The price was right on . Easy one two installation and works as well as original part .
 EXCELENTE BUEN PRODUCTO Y SE ENTREGO COMO SE ORDENO NUEVO DE PAQUETE Y EL PRODDUCTO QUE SELECCIONE , YA LO TEENGO EN MIS MANOS EN MARACAIBO - VENEZUELA , EXCELENTE ...
 This mattress is great ! I was in the market for a Japanese style futon -LRB- not at all like those marketed in American furniture stores -RRB- without success . Then I spotted the featured item . Although originally fabricated by NASA , I was first introduced to memory foam in Japan where it has been the next big thing for a while . I decided to give it a shot.I read up on it because I have a sensitive back and it was essential that I have a quality mattress to sleep on . Some of the reviewers complained that it took a while to reshape the mattress during the night after shifting positions . This can occur with some memory foam . I 've been able to put my hand print on some mattresses and watched as it took several minutes to disappear . Not with this mattress . The time it takes to conform to the curves around my body is n't even noticeable . What 's more , if one person gets out of bed , the other person will unlikely notice because there is no spring effect of standard mattresses . Unlike traditional mattresses that brings one 's body weight down on springs for support , memory foam is designed to distribute pressure throughout the mattress itself . -LRB- Coincidentally , a few weeks after it arrived , the Discovery Channel included it on a program about the use of civilian products developed by NASA . -RRB- I had read a lot about outgassing of traditional mattresses and the health issues associated with chemicals used in manufacturing . Memory foam from China , in particular , is notorious for having been sprayed with chemicals . Fortunately , this one is produced in the USA and does not contain formaldehyde and the like . It does have a bad smell that lingers for a few weeks . I recommend leaving it somewhere to air out for a few weeks before use and to change the sheets every other day until the odor goes away.Delivery was quick . I was expecting a large mattress-shaped box to arrive at my doorstep but was surprised by two relatively small boxes showed up . This company really wraps them up tight ! Initially , I was alarmed that they might be damaged by the constricted folding but it was no problem - returns on this one would be a task though . It comes in two pieces with the memory foam to be placed on top when assembled -LRB- indicated by its shimmering quality -RRB- . It is held together by the included mattress pad . I was able to use standard bedding without any complications.A few tips
 After sleeping on a 30 yr old mattress inherited from our parents ' cottage and waking with intense shoulder pain I decided to try this one -LRB- reviews on Amazon were key to making the switch -RRB- . No more pain and I awake feeling refreshed although sometimes it 's hard to get out of bed . I did put a pillow top mattress cover over the one that came with it so it is even more luxurious . Others recommended letting the 2 pads air out and reform which was a great idea and I did that as well with the pillow . No instructions came so I went back the other comments to find out which one went on top -LRB- the one with the shimmery side -RRB- . All in all a great deal for what you get .
 This mattress gives a lot for a low price ! It is extremely comfortable for sleeping . It conforms to the shape of my body , yet feels supportive . A friend tried it out when visiting and proclaimed it `` heaven . `` My only criticism is that I like to spend a lot of time sitting in bed , and when I do so I can feel the platform underneath . I was advised to use a slatted platform for a foam mattress . I could REALLY feel the slats when sitting , so I added a solid platform . That helped , but I can still feel it if I sit in one spot in bed for hours -LRB- writing , grading , watching movies , etc -RRB- . That said , for my small budget , this still the best choice .
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 A great addition to the vehicle 's tool set - but it is overpriced in my opinion -LRB- hence the loss of 1 star -RRB- .
 Bought it for my Triumph Scrambler . It suits perfectly , no adaptation needed . Just bolt-it-on . Looks better than the original one !
 I needed this remote as a backup for my 2003 Chrysler Sebring . My husband and I found the do-it-yourself programming instructions to be too complicated for those who are not mechanically inclined . I took it to my local Chrysler dealership . They programmed the old and new remotes together , and they both work fine . -LRB- My dealership charged $ 60 to program . -RRB- I am happy with this product because it was a lot cheaper than the $ 118 my dealership was going to charge to order the same product .
 I ordered this 48 '' blade as a replacement for the blade on my OE Yamaha plow originaly manufactured by WARN . Warn no longer makes these replacement pcs since they 've moved to their `` pro-vantage '' plow system . But they sold the designs to a company called QUAD BOSS ... and they 're a perfect replacement unit , however they 're not made by WARN , the unit I recieved was from QUAD BOSS .
 When plowing , you sometimes hit stuff despite being careful . The release/locking handle that allows the blade angle to be changed takes the brunt of it and stops locking .
 I bought this rear brake hose for a old beater project that is a collection of car parts . 1927-1928 Star M frame , 1946 chevy truck front end , 1970 maverick 170 cu in motor with three speed manual transmission , and a 1967 mustang rear end 7 inch 4 lug ... this rear brake hose looks just like the cut one i pulled off the rear end except that the old one was brass and this one was some kind of silver colored metal . . steel ? it fits just like the old one and the 1946 chevy brake lines fit the foward facing end of the hose . 1/4 inch fitting on that end and 3/16 on the two ends going to the wheels . the brakes feel good .
 It 's a direct replacement to my 67 mustang rear drum brake hose . Works as it should , no complaints . Shipping was fast and cheap with Prime
 Very little dust and extremely quiet on 2000 ML320 . Got 60K miles out of my last set and looking forward to the next 60K out of these .
 I have tried several combinations , including HD clutch fan . This fan by far has worked better than anything else . It keeps temp within specs at idle , is quiet , and does not put excessive drag on engine . I am using on a 1969 GTO with a 455 engine .
 Used this to do a 2 bar tune on my camaro along with Jet DST software . Well worth the effort as car runs way better with this than it did with a mail order tune.I had to trim one of the tabs off the connector to fit or add a notch to get it to work , but that is a quick fix since it 's not `` made '' to replace LT1 map sensors directly .
 This was a perfect buy for me . I was having a heat soak problem with the factory -LRB- 32 year old !! -RRB- starter on my truck and was ready for not only a new one , but for a gear reduction upgrade . I 've had it on my truck for a number of months now and can only say good things about it . Easy as can be direct bolt on with no modifications , strong fast starting and no heat problems in the 100 + degrees I have been using it it . the only reason I did n't give it a full 5 star rating is that it is not American made .
 First let me say that Amazon was by far the cheapest place I could find to order this part , even including next day air.Second , the installation was very easy . It took me all of 1.5 hours to install the hitch and wiring and that was with some major hangups -LRB- all car related , not hitch -RRB- . One of my tow hooks was bent and I could n't remove the carbon filter bracket , but I was still able to install the hitch and it tows my boat beautifully.Saved me at least $ 150 to do it myself .
 Similar to a previous reviewer , I installed this on my 01 Subaru Outback . Amazon/Curt shipped the product quickly and it arrived via UPS as scheduled . The hitch is very sturdy -LRB- heavier than I thought -RRB- , with a nice black finish . All parts were in the shipping box.The fit-up was `` acceptable '' but certainly not perfect . The driver side did not line up real well with the hole in the chassis -LRB- tie-down hole -RRB- , but I was able to pull it into place by using a large wrench on the bolt . This left about a 3/4 inch gap on the same location on the passenger side . I bought several washers from Ace and used them to fill the gap . It now fits pretty well , maybe just a little bit lower on the driver side . I have not tried to hock up the trailer yet , but have not doubt that it will do the job .
 This Hitch for my subaru fit perfect . I used my floor jack too jack the hitch into place and bolted too frame with out no problems at all .
 2000 subaru legacy wagon . This thing has worked like a charm , but it goes under the tailpipe by at least 4-5 inches , there is no reason for it to go so low under the tail pipe . I 've dragged it over several states , it seems to hold up even with the constant grinding , but it drags on a regular basis any time there is a large dip going in or out of a parking lot . If I could weld , I 'd cut the part under the tail pipe and move it up four inches and it would still easily clear the tailpipe . That picture is not even right , the bar that goes under the tail pipe hangs down at least two inches under the bottom of the main bar.Why four stars ? I 've dragged it , I 've put three bikes on a rack using it , I 've carried a cargo tray packed with stuff for hundreds of miles , I 've used it with a canoe carrier . It 's never failed me . It 's built like a tank . Just part of it is engineered wrong .
 I had the same experience as other 2001 Subaru Legacy Outback owners . The diver side fit was good , but there was a 1/2 inch gap on the passenger side . It was easily remedied with 3 spacer washers from ACE hardware . See my customer uploaded pic . The receiver does look nicely centered though , and level . I also had a hard time loosening the 3 bolts that hold the filter box on the passenger side because they had rusted tight . That was the hardest part of the installation , so nothing to do with the actual receiver . Overall I 'm pretty satisfied and would recommend it .
 I bought this hitch last spring so I would tow with my Subaru Outback . I could have bought something else , something used but I wanted it to fit . The hitch fits fine although I have n't had the chance to use it yet . Also , like stated in other reviews of this hitch throughout the internet , you 'll want to pick up a pack of washers so you can get it fit snug and centered on the chassis . This was the case for my 2004 model and may not be the case for other generations .
 I have purchased FOUR of these in an attempt to find one that does n't leak . What a hassle to have to return each and try another . We asked the local RV store to test them , but they were not interested ... just process our refund . Tried Amazon , that one leaked too AND was out of alignment , so it does n't line up with the hole in the sanitation compartment of our MH.The first one leaked while in actual use ... not such a great experience dumping with our new -LRB- to us -RRB- MH . Now we fill them with water with the opening upright first . We would have preferred a 45 degree adapter , but this is the only CLEAR angled one Blueline has.I have written the company direct to ask for help . If we do n't get something that works , we will be trashing the entire Blueline system . Total waste of money for us . Beware if you are using this product . Test with clear water before using to dump.Update Nov. 8 , 2011
 Bought this because the typical RV waste dump fitting doesnt always fit the waste drain recepticle we find in RV parks . THought I 'd give this a try because of the smaller O.D.Simple , sturdy , easy to see when youre throught dumping the Black and Grey waste tanks.Fast shipping throught Amazon .
 fits my 2002 GMC envoy and it is affordable as well if you have a gm this product is great
 These are great , but they DO NOT feature the Jeep logo on the front guards . The rears DO have the logo and they are very sharp looking .
 Here is a little more information on the Walker Dynomax 41973 . It is a 3 '' inner diameter to 2.5 '' inner diameter Reducing Bushing that is 6 '' long . Using a micrometer to measure , it was made with 1/16 '' ~ 1.79 mm thick Aluminized Steel . This is a well constructed item that is fairly well deburred and will suit my need nicely . Item shipped in a single walled cardboard box with Polyair packing material and arrived in good condition . Information like this would probably help these units sell better.K . Stevens
 It fit our 01 Wrangler perfectly and took ten minutes to install , and compared to the Jeep dealer 's price of $ 115 , it was a great value . The only giveaway that it is n't OEM is the lack of the JEEP logo on the mirror surface . Big woop .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/r.html?R=G67HG8Z4P5VQ&C;=Y153YKI9MGX1&H;=BANN8FX4qxqd6FzB1hbDdM1OfpkA&T;=C&U;=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2Freview%2Fcreate-review%2Fref%3Dpe_6680_10018070_cm_cr_ec_add_1_h_c10018070%3Fie%3DUTF8%26nodeID%3D%26asin%3DB0006H8BEY%26customerID%3DA2KSTGY50A53NEThanks . Received the product promptly . It 's not a factory replacement but good none the less .
 was suprised at the initial quality of the mirror.looks just like factory.should have bought the other side to match but oh well i 'm still pleased . thanks again amazon !
 Screws are odd tpi , bought quarter by 20 fh ss -LRB- < $ 2 -RRB- , needed to drill and tap hinge . All gud now , need to add small convex mirror and I 'll be happy .
 The mirror fits the Jeep well but it is definitely not comparable to OEM product . The objects in mirror are vibrating unlike my stock mirror on the other door . For the price it will work .
 Even though this is the style for earlier years , I bought it for my 2006 TJ since it was metal , rather than the plastic mirrors I 've been breaking on the trail , or by bumping with my shoulder in the garage . And it is indeed much tougher than the plastic junk.However , the mirror is not `` optically pure '' in that it has some waves in it so cars look a little `` wrong '' at times , but that does n't bother me nearly as much as breaking the whole thing off like on the others ...
 I am very pleased with the product , I tried to get one locally but they only sold the pair for about $ 89.00 plus tax , I only needed one , the quality is very good it 's almost identical to the one I broke , The bolts it came with were too long , so I used my old bolts , otherwise it was a great buy at a great price , good quality , it came in it 's own box and the mirror was inside a blue fabric bag that protected it further , thanks again Amazon !
 Who will look closely enough to realize this is n't the original mirror ? I could n't tell from 10 feet away . Except for the fact that it does n't say `` Jeep '' on the glass , it 's nearly identical . One small detail that 's a minor inconvenience is the length of the screws . Both the provided screws and the original end up too long , by about 1/4 inch , to tighten the new slightly slimmer bracket securely to the door hinge . I had to cut them down . Of course I could have just replaced them with shorter screws from the hardware store , but I 'm a DIY'er . Overall I 'm very happy , it looks great ! Now if I can just keep from slapping it against things that break 'em . . lol
 This product is an exact match for the OEM product . It was shipped and delivered promptly and was easy to install .
 I bought this mirror , knowing I had to modify it . I chpped the original mounting area off , grinded smooth , and painted . Drilled and tapped so that I could use it in the hinges when door is off . Overall the project takes about an hour/mirror . Well worth it though .
 I have owned other lug nuts before , but nothing compares to McGard lug nuts . They hold up for years and years of abuse in these lovly Wisconsin winters and through the back woods mud holes .
 The tray works as advertised . Nothing negative to say about it . Be sure you know what size your batteries are as these are sized accordingly .
 The fit a little funny at first , but after heating up in the car a few times , they sort of formed to the seats . You ca n't really tell they 're seat covers because they attach under the seat . The color was awesome for my car interior , which is slightly less than dark grey . Unfortunately , because I have leather seats under these seat covers , they make a funky squeaking noise sometimes when the two leathers rub together .
 I purchased one of these expensive spark plugs -LRB- $ 8.00 -RRB- for my old Honda ATV which runs great but sometimes takes a couple of pushes on the starter button to fire it up ; I replaced a fairly new NGK `` normal '' $ 3 spark plug just to see if there would be a noticable difference ... there was . It fired up before I could release the start button and did not need any choke . Runs better too . I used to have to let the ATV warm up or it would hesitate slightly going from 1st gear to 2nd gear , now it requires zero warm up . I should get paid by NGK for this write up ... but it is a superior spark plug with at least my application .
 these are fantastic plugs , i 've seen a noticeable improvement in fuel economy on my BMW F650GS . but the plugs did n't come with the screw-on top caps ! this left me totally hosed , no parts store sells the caps individually so i had to buy a pair of cheap plugs just to take the connector caps off of them and put them on the NGK plugs . seriously , why not include them ? -LRB- note , the picture shows the plug with the top cap , it is inaccurate -RRB-
 Yo vivo en Bogot&aacute; colombia y a veces es dif&iacute;cil conseguir buj&iacute;as con punta de iridio . cuando se consiguen el precio es muy elevado . Las compre para mi moto y solo he usado una y sent&iacute; un cambio inmediato el la fuerza del empuje . Ya lleva 3 mese puesta y creo que voy a quedarme con otra buj&iacute;a mas como repuesto y vendere las otras dos .
 I swapped out my original plug in an older quad . This is a good performing plug and runs well in any type of weather . The original plug was dark and carboned up , after a year of use with the new iridium NGK I checked it out and it looked almost brand new . It must have a larger spark pattern for better ignition .
 Spark plug on my quad was all fouled up and rough to start . Replaced it with this and it fires right up every time !
 I replaced the OEM spark plugs with these NGK Iridium plugs and there was a great improvement in the starting and running of my motorcycle . I think these plugs are a must for any classic bike !!!
 Good part , super price , came with the best instructions I have ever seen and the seller included a toll free number for assistance .
 The fit a little funny at first , but after heating up in the car a few times , they sort of formed to the seats . You ca n't really tell they 're seat covers because they attach under the seat . The color was awesome for my car interior , which is slightly less than dark grey . Unfortunately , because I have leather seats under these seat covers , they make a funky squeaking noise sometimes when the two leathers rub together .
 I will recomend it to other people . i have the battery on my 1976 honda cb200t and i use it to go to work
 I bought this bed cover about a few months ago . Installation was quick and easy . I have bought bed covers before and is very pleased with the quality of this bed cover .
 Received bars and they look great . easy to install and i 'm very NON mechanical . However , ad clearly says `` front AND rear bars '' . come to find out after not receiving rear bars that rear bars do n't even exist for metrics ! very very misleading and deceptive !
 I got 2 of these mattresses for my boys loft beds and have been very happy with them . I was concerned they may not be comfortable since they are just foam but I have had the opportunity to test them out myself if my boys had nightmares in thne night . They are soft yet supportive . The only drawback is they can be hard to put sheets on because the foam is n't as firm as a regular mattress and the depth of the mattress is much smaller than most .
 Great price , product , and great delivery time . I measured my head and per the sizing chart , it is a bit snug , but it 's not too tight .
 This is a great little entry level helmet . It has a quality finish , trimmed out with a fashionable , well secured visor . This inside is well padded and appears to be very well constructed . The strap is durable and comes with the timeless double loop fastening system . The only thing this helmet lacks that I would have preferred is the snap to secure the excess strap back up to the side of the latch . This feature has become pretty common on most helmets to help keep the strap from flapping around against your neck or cheek and this helmet does not include it . I still give the helmet an easy 4 star rating , great quality and you ca n't beat the price .
 This helmet is at unbeatable price . But , some State-run Motorcycle Safety Courses require a 3/4 helmet at minimum , and this is only half . Privately sponsored MSF courses allow this helmet . Also , the XL size is little too small for my head . I got one from a store 's discount rack , also XL and it fits perfectly .
 Does more than I thought it would . Gives my Duramax a lot more power to tow in 2 position and fuel mileage went from 9.7 to 12.2 towing . Will pay for itself but you have to be careful so as not to tear out the transmission . Has a lot of Temperature features also which are nice . Will go from any shade of green , blue and red or combination of those 3 you want . Red does not destroy night vision . Mounting-install a breeze and fits color of dash perfectly .
 Very nice controler , does what I was told and read about them.I realize now why so many people get rid of the competertives controlers
 EXACTLY WHAT IT SHOULD BE . STAINLESS STEEL HITCH , WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY AND YOU WILL HAVE IT THE REST OF YOUR LIFE , PUT IT ON YOUR NEXT VEHICLE AND THE ONE AFTER THAT ! AND THE ONE AFTER THAT ! IT WILL NEVER CORRODE ! NO MORE RUSTED IN UGLY HITCH !
 I like this item because the stainless steel wo n't rust like the ball mount I 've had in the past . I would buy this again .
 What can I say , it 's a ball mount . It looks great out of the box . My last normal ball mount was not stainless , and had rusted terribly in a couple of years of use on the boat.The stainless looks great , and as long as it does n't rust , ca n't see how this wo n't work out great .
 again its stainless will not rust after being exposed to salt water like the standard ball mount its the best
 I thought I was ordering `` charcoal '' color but its actually a glossy bright gray or silver , so I did n't bother installing it . But it actually looks & feels very well made . The material is strong looking like cordura as advertised & has a backing to give it a soft supple feel . I 'm sure it will wear well in a pickup truck or SUV weekend warrior or kids-pet-gear hauling situation
 I ordered this kit because the description said it was for late model gm delco starter . The mis-o1 is for a mitsubishi starter which might be used on some gm cars IDK . However , looking at the images after disassembling my starter it appears that the gm-04 was the kit I needed . I ordered from the description other than the images because images are sometimes `` representative '' , but in this case they seem to be more accurate than the descriptions ! Wake up , proofreaders !
 I have bought these for my Lexus SC430 and my Toyota Tacoma due to the quality design and slick built in washer that does n't mar the wheel finish and it helps accurately torque the lugs down . All of my vehicles will have these lug nuts !
 These lugs are very good.They have a bearing at the bottom so when you tighten the lugs it does n't grind into your wheels.This is my second set only because someone that was working on my car did n't tighten them all the way down and lost one lug goin down the road.A little pricey but the best price here on amazon .
 This is a quality brand new OEM part.After having installed a rebuilt unit in the vechicle that lasted less than a year . I decided I would install a brand new unit.I was not sorry . This is a job that you DO NOT WANT TO DO TWICE . This is installed in a 1997 GMC Suburban that tow 's . I also recommend replacing the Master Cylinder at the same time . It has to be removed anyway . This is a recommened part .
 2008 Nissan Sentra 2.0 L - MR20DE upper radiator hoseItem fit fine after cutting about 1 '' off one end and 0.75 '' off the other .
 Was looking for a box to go on top of the rails of my truck bed . This one worked perfectly . Very easy to install . There are permanent things in the bed of my truck that could n't be moved and got in the way of the mounting brackets , but I was able to position them differently and all is well . I see no faults so far .
 I purchased from another site these same bars , Amazon stated that they would n't fit my 2012 C50T Classic . I took a chance and low and behold they went on quite easily and fit beautifully . Installation was a breeze and I needed no other hands than my own to install . All I can say is that they are not as `` dumbo ear '' looking as many of the other brands .
 It is really too bad that the bars do n't extend a little further out from the motor . These bars complete the look of my 1999 the VStar classic , and accommodates my highway pegs . Extremely easy and quick to install , it took about approximately 20 min .
 Gets the glass crystal clear and works as well as Rain-X at keeping water off the windshield . Did all the windows , inside and out , in my 4-door sedan and I still have 3/4 of a bottle left over .
 Works like it should . Just be sure to rub the windows thoroughly as light wiping alone does n't remove everything .
 Of all window cleaners I 've used in the past 30 yearsof detailing cars I 'd stumble over a 3/4 bottleleft of this Eagle 20/20 stuff and let me tell I ` llnever use anything less of product on my car windows.please note
 I have tried all kinds of different glass cleaners on my windshield and I would have to say that this is simply the best product I have ever used . I use it all the time during cleanings and in between to keep my visibility clear and I have no complaints about this .
 Works as it should and oil everything much better than the stock pump I had in my Jeep Cherokee . If your looking for a high flow oil pump ; look no further .
 The sunscreen is fantastic . Great fit and quality . I can roll it up quickly and the velcro tie keeps it compact when not in use . It really helps keep the interior temperature down . Fast shipping , too .
 We have a VW New Beetle ... the window is deep and wide . We were seeing interior temps over 125 when left in the sun ! The cheap gas station shades did n't fit right and did n't protect the car . My wife thought it was silly to pay $ 35 for this item , but it is worth every penny . It is cut perfectly to fit the Beetle and is made from a thick material , not just some cheap foil . Today reading was 104 outside , and in the car was 101 when we came out of the store ! I know ... not frigid but so much better than what we have been experiencing here in Texas this crazy summer . So glad we bought it ! We 're going to buy for our other cars too .
 Hesitant to buy due to price , but I love it ! Keeps my bug a ton cooler , I leave mine outdoors . It also provides coverage to see stuff inside , if you have a bug , you know it is a fish bowel . Glad I bought it ! The car is so much cooler now , I used to go out before I left to open windows to cool off before getting in - no more ! Keeps it nice ! Fit great , I have a 2001 Bug .
 This sunshade is great . Heavy material and good quality . Fits perfect in the large VW window . Melts the snow from the windshield in the winter .
 This review is long overdue as I bought this a looooong time ago . But it works great , and fits my windshield and dash perfectly . I have been very happy wit it so wanted to leave a good review even after all this time .
 It fits perfectly and works very to protect the car and keep it much much cooler in the summer . the velcro makes it easy to wrap up and store as well .
 This windshield sunscreen fits my 2008 New Beetle convertible perfectly . Much better than the off-the-rack shields one finds at auto stores.I am also impressed with the qaulity of the material . The reflective material is thicker than I expected and looks as though it may be very durable . I resisted giving the product 5/5 stars because it seems a tad pricey . However , I do n't regret paying a little more to protect my beloved Bug !
 Got these because some -LSB- fill in the blank with appropriate derogatory comment -RSB- stole one lug nut from my car . Because it would be nearly impossible to find one matching lug nut , I opted to replace the entire set . They look great and hold the wheels securely .
 I did some looking around online and in local stores for locking lug nuts for a new set of wheels that I was purchasing . Since the new wheels were going to have exposed lug nuts , I wanted something that looked decent , but most importantly , that was reliable and good quality.When I talked with the tire shop that was going to be installing the new wheels -LRB- and tires -RRB- , they listened to what brands I was looking at , and offered their advice . They confirmed my impression of McGard as the brand to buy ; saying that other brands were not built as well , and especially in the case of the locking nut , could fracture or chip more easily than the McGards.Given the fact that Amazon had a great price on the set , I did n't hesitate any further about ordering this set ! They are indeed well-built , they look great next to the anthracite spokes and polished lip of the Bullitt wheels I installed , and the shop had no issues whatsoever with installing them.I would definitely recommend buying McGard locking lug nuts to others . The price is good , their reputation precedes them , and the end product is very functional and attractive .
 What can you say about McGard products . They are great . I put this same set on my 02 Wrangler 10 years ago and they still look great .
 They are very high quality and look great . They work beautifully with the supplied `` key '' socket . Very happy with these !
 After looking for locks for my jeep for a long time I finally found these and they 're great . They were easy to put on and they look great . I definitely recommend these .
 Heavy duty , Class III , and does n't rust . The welds are nice and it looks way better than a rusted , painted mount . No complaints at all .
 This cap fits all BMW e46 -LRB- 3 series -RRB- I used this cap to make my own power brake bleeder at a fraction of the cost of purchasing a pre-made one.This is a great DIY project . I would also suggest using Super blue ate brake fluid , it works great !
 making a Pressure Power Bleeder for European cars . I suggest you buy the ATE Brake fluid from Amazon also . The prices are excellent and the delivery quick and right to your front door .
 Used this cap to create a pressure bleeder for my 99 M3 . Fit great !
 I needed these lug nuts and Summit racing and Jegs were over $ 139.00 . I found them on Amazon as a used/open box . When I got them the only issue was the box was heavily damaged . All the parts were still sealed and unopened and new I got a great deal because of a damage box that will be thrown away .
 easy to install and fit perfectly , and was a replacement for the ones already on the truck and price was reasonable
 This jacket is great . I kind of regret getting the white one because it will get dirty faster than the black or blue , but the jacket is very good . I am a Florida driver and when you take the inside liner out and open the vents you can stay fairly cool knowing that you have titanium and top quality elbow pads as protection . The inside liner can keep you very warm , but do n't be mistaken , this is n't a winter jacket . Great buy . The white is really nice , I am just worried about going through a patch of bugs . So far it has been a month and is perfectly clean , but I will see later when the bugs come out . The look is a little ... hmmm ... muscular ? if that makes sense . Sometimes I feel like I am wearing a fake muscle suit , but if that doesnt bother you , I would strongly recommend the jacket .
 this tool is the cats meow just make sure you have no studs at the 3 and 9 o'clock position as the tool will not mount properly to release tension on the spring . the new brake design makes changing brake shoes a snap . i have done my own minor maintance for over 30 years on my vehicles and did both sides in less than an hour.for someone who is just starting should still be easy for the novice mechanic . works as advertised ,
 WORKED GOOD AND NO PROBLEMS , FAST SHIPING AND IT WAS WHAT I ORDERD.IT IS A BIG HELP IN MY BISS.THANKS .
 This is my third iteration of rain gear for riding . The first was a one-piece Tourmaster suit that leaked when a puddle would form in the crotch and cause water to get through the zipper . The second was an Alpinstar two-piece with a pull over anorak-type jacket . This one was waterproof , but I could n't get the top over my armored leather jacket by myself . This Sentinel jacket works , is easy to get on , and packs away nicely in it 's own pouch . I use the Alpinstar pants from the previous rain gear . I did have my wallet get wet in one of the pockets when riding in an all-day rain , but I stayed dry . The sizing allows for wearing over a jacket , so order your normal size .
 Husband received it as a gift ! He just loves it ! He has it in his truck in use as we speak !
 This should suit my step dad just fine . . I ca n't believe I bought this . . lol lol It was nice though
 I had to pray for dear life to get this thing on my Toyota . It finally got on and the car smells new and the steering wheel looks very sporty . The wheel cover looks ten times better than the ones they sell at Walmart of the auto parts store .
 Excellent product , but did not fit my 2004 tacoma but I put it on my 1999 4 runner.Received it in a timely manner and was also FREE SHIPPING THANKS TO AMAZON .
 This cover is nice to look at and comfortable in grip/feeling . The only reason I rate this a 4 star and not 5 is because it was n't quite that easy to put on . It was a bit of a struggle but taking my time and being persistent it eventually ended up nice and snug .
 Was very happy with this product . It was delivered sooner than expected and was just as described . It is one of the smaller covers but fit on my wife 's Kia Forte perfect & it has been hard to find one that was n't too big . If your vehicle has a big steering wheel it might be a little hard to get on . My wife loves it !!!!
 ROLL TIDE . Have my MINI decked out in Bama gear so this was a must . Nothing to dislike about it .
 This is a really great product . Fits very nicely on my Pontiac G6 . I received it very quickly as well ... It looks great !
 He has a full size Chevy Tahoe and says he loves the cover . It was tough to get on , but he expected that -- this means it is on there tightly and will not move around . He likes the thinness of it , said his other cover was too thick . It is more like a &#34; skin &#34; with Alabama on it than a thick grabby cover .
 This is a good sturdy cover and has a nice design . Great for any Alabama fan with a car ! A little more to the masculine side .
 I read all the reviews on this product prior to purchasing it . I do agree it was a little difficult to get on , but it did n't take me that long . I personally do n't like covers that slip and slide and can rotate easily when you 're steering . I think it is extremely well made , and I 'm very happy with it . ROLL TIDE
 I got this for my father for his birthday . Fits his 2000-generation Jeep Grand Cherokee wheel nicely . Feels pretty nice on the steering wheel .
 It seems durable and of good quality , and I was able to put it on without any trouble . I drive a midsized sedan and it fits my steering wheel just fine .
 I have used this in both a Tahoe , Silverado , and an Aveo and can tell you it fit all fine . It had that ` new ' smell for quite a while , probably a couple of months . Since then it has been a great way to keep the elements from effecting the grip on the sterring wheel .
 I called McGard , and they said this kit would fit my 2006 F250 with Weld Racing Wheels . The lug nuts fit , but the locks were too short for the front wheels . I found this out when I broke one of the locks while torquing them down . Called McGard back and they said that the locks do n't fit my truck , after a few calls I was able to send the 4 locks back in exchange for 4 more regular lug nuts . Had to pay $ 6 to ship locks back , and I could have bought 4 lugs here for $ 10 , but it was the principal of the matter . Overall great product at a really great price , made in USA -LRB- NY -RRB- , things that hold my wheels on are very important to me , I would not settle for less than something US made .
 This cooler is perfect for when my husband goes to band practice . The easy access flap on top is great . Great product .
 Muy buen producto de muy buena calidad . Lo escogi por ser original Ac delco , el producto me gusta y lo uso para venderlo a mis clientes .
 Exactly as ordered , delivered when they said it would be . Sounds great . Quiet , but still sounds good . Installed on my 2006 Ram 1500 . Louder than factory exhaust but not obnoxious .
 This is a good solid lock . Push button lock and a nice solid body make this a good security feature . No concerns at all with using it as a tow pin , I tow my boat -LRB- 3500 lbs -RRB- using it all the time without issue .
 I am satisfied with this Reese Towpower bent pin lock . It is still look new , I keep it with the cargo carrier in the garage .
 This lock appears well made , works smoothly and just plain feels like a quality lock . I like the rubber cover that completely protects the key entry . With a little shot of silicon paste into the key entry area , I hope the key mechanism holds up over time , salt , and road grime . I think it will.This lock seems like an excellent value , and I will be ordering another shortly !
 I would like to know before I order , does this dust boot has the two metal clamps -LRB- one small and one bigger for other side -RRB- . The picture did not show with the clamps .
 We use them all the time ... . Had many over the years and never a problem . The Warranty helped sell also . Very easy to use .
 It took a bit for me to get this functioning properly . I finally found the drain in my system and now everything is A-okay . I am very pleased .
 I bought this without the benefit of any reviews , so I thought I 'd share one for future buyers . This product arrived promptly , shipped for free , and is of good quality . I installed the caps on the car , and each piece fit well .
 These caps are holding up very well . The color matches alloy rims and looks better than the black or green ones that are on the cars . Good price as well .
 I ordered a zinc interlock hitch ball , but I received a chrome one instead . Not worth the considerable hassle to rectify .
 I was having very uncomfortable issues with my driver 's door . I ordered these pins . They arrived in the promised time and an hour later i 'm having safe and comfy travels !
 It was quick to arrive and it was a perfect fit for my truck . I recommend this product to other people .
 Okay , coming from an area that rarely sees snow , or rain for that matter , I can relate to this message . This message is humorous in areas that do not receive snow , but may infuriate people in northern climes , where snow becomes a perennial pest . Buyer should be advised
 The item arrived much faster than expected -LRB- within days -RRB- and this auto part was very unique and expensive due to being a Cadillac Limo . The part arrived in new condition , was installed and worked perfectly . VERY happy with the quality and service from this company .
 Nice little unit . Works as described . Love the option to plug in to cigarette lighter for back light . Would recommend it for when temps are borderline freezing and you are worried about black ice . Would purchase again .
 good item worth the price only 2 problems for me . First for the outside thermometer its kind of hard to find a place to put it in without it being affected either by the heat of engine or direct sunlight or the heat of transmission or the wind when vehicle is in motion and second you can only uses the light when you connect it to the lighter its not either battery or lighter plug which for me makes my inside of the car look cluttery with all the wires that i have
 I live in the mountains in California and am always concerned with the icy roads that we get during the winter . I got tired of hitting black ice all of the time and saw this product . It gives me a better idea of what may lie ahead on the road . It was VERY easy to install and gave my older Jeep Wrangler an edge over most cars on the road . I would recommend it to all my friends . Also , the battery life is outstanding .
 Overall we like this unit - you can set it to beep -LRB- or not beep -RRB- if there is ice -LRB- which is MUCH better than a different unit we had that beeped all the time -RRB- . But the backlight is a downgrade from our previous brand . This thermometer requires you to plug it into your cigarette lighter -LRB- CLA -RRB- in order to see the backlight and then stays on the whole time it 's plugged in . We find the need to be plugged into the CLA to be annoying since we often use the CLA to power our other electronics -LRB- like cellphones -RRB- . Overall we liked the unit , it 's a pretty small unit -LRB- which is nice -RRB- , it 's easy to install , and it is easy to read .
 this device is easy to use , , , good design , , and straight forward , , it 's worth the investment
 When my old Volvo needed a new pump i went looking . I went through some old forums and came up with the name Melling . Amazon had one and at an amazing price . It arrived in perfect packaging , and in quick time .
 If I could I probably would give this 31/2 stars instead of four . Do n't get me wrong , the quality is fine and when all was said and done it definitely improved the look of my van . But unfortunately a Grand Caravan is why they must put `` fits most vans '' ... I had a few inches on both sides that were not covered ; luckily it was only in the back cargo area so it is not noticeable to passengers . My other beef is the `` installs in an hour '' nonsense . Yeah , maybe for a car , but even then I doubt it . Especially for someone who has never done it , and let 's face it , that is the target customer . And since this one is specifically for a van , they certainly should n't put one hour . It was quite an extensive procedure for my van with all the seat belts , overhead console , visors , and molding , that needed removing.It is important to get all the old foam off the headliner and the instructions say to use a brush . I tried that but soon realized it would take a LOT of work and would n't be very effective . My headliner was a fiberglass material , rather than cardboard , so I was able to take a pressure washer -LRB- on a reduced power setting -RRB- and get all the old material off . Just added a day or so to the project as I had to let it thoroughly dry.Was it worth all the trouble . Yeah , for me . But I do a lot of my own work on our cars . I would n't recommend for anyone not mechanically inclined ... and for a car I think I might just pay to have someone else do it since the cost would be considerably less for installation than a van .
 I have been a longtime proponent of automobile sunshades , reaching the point where putting mine up when I get out is as automatic as fastening my seatbelt when I get in.I purchased this sunshade because I wanted a sunshade that would provide the best fit for my Mazda Protege , a better fit than the `` One size fits all '' shades sold in retail stores.The fit is perfect and the shade does keep the car cool ; however , I would have liked three features : - Instead of rolling the shade , I would prefer to fold the shade in an accordion fashion.-I have had very good experiences with shades utilizing foil covered `` bubble wrap '' . I feel that this would insulate the car even better than the shade 's current construction.-While it may be an inherent characteristic in a shade this large , I would prefer a stiffer shade . This shade tends to bow somewhat in the middle . Even though it bows , I still get full coverage . A folding shade might alleviate this.Overall , I am very pleased with the shade . The outside is very reflective , looks good and it performs very well . I recommend it highly .
 I manage a tire shop and I use a tread depth gauge all day long , the cheap plastic ones were always breaking , so this all metal one will last a whole lot longer ...
 For $ 7 this is a good quality tool All steel , very accurate , and very useful . I regroove tires , so this tool is great for not only checking the depth on tires but also for setting the depth of the cutting blade on my tire regroover . I checked this product 's accuracy since some said they had to remove some material from the end , but it was perfect straight away . These were impossible to find locally and the Milton brand is a good one . I am very pleased with this tool .
 Overall this works great . I just have to learn how to read it.i am filling up this space because the web site is telling me that i do n't have enough words for this review . i hope this will now be enough .
 This is the first depth gauge I ever purchased and looks like made the right choice . Good all steel construction , easy to read numbers and looks to be well made . Good product for the price .
 I ordered this tire tread depth gauge to replace one I lost . The lost gauge had an 8 sided plastic shaft . This Chicago made Milton has a metal cylinder . It 's a good product .
 What can ya say -- it very inexpensive , yet it WORKS !!!!! I spent like $ 17 on a digital Fowler tread gauge only for it to tell me my tires had 23/32 tread left ?? How is that possible , when new it is only 13/32 ?? If that were the case , I 'm sure Yokohama woul dbe hunting me down to steal those tires , lolThis Milton tread gauge is very basic and it works !! No batteries to worry about . It does feel a tad greasy when you touch it . I just keep it in a ziploc bag in my trucks cub hole !! Too easy !! Do n't let the low price fool you , it works !!
 This is a well constructed tread depth gauge . It does the job very well . The amount of friction between the inner cylinder and the outer housing is just right . The overall material and workmanship seems very good .
 Is a should have for everybody that works in cars , good quality and exact scale . I buy two of these gauges .
 accurate measurements , heavy duty . i 've used other gauges on the market but this is the only gauge i will use .
 I keep an eye on my cars to head off problems before they happen . This gauge is just like the ones you see being used at the inspection stations so i know ahead of time when tires need changed .
 Arrived as scheduled , easy to use , the markers and depth labels are easy to read , convenient size to stay in a glove box .
 very simple , easy and straightforward to use . Recommended if you have multiple cars and/or multiple tire sets . Just make sure to have a special spot because otherwise it is easy to lose in a drawer .
 Very successful on the bottom of my boat hull as a long lasting buffer against barnacle formationSpray it on and leave itPrior to discovery , barnacles would begin forming after 3 days of boat being in waterWith useage barnacles not evident even after 10 days of in waterWorks for me
 Bought this wax for my husband . He loves this wax , after getting it , he did our car and my daughters car . Could n't get him to stop . The car looked brand new and the best part was after it rained on the car there were no water spots . My husband is now raving about this product to everyone . Plus I got him to wax my car . Thanks for a wonderful Product .
 Ive tried alot of diffent spray waxes and this one is the best I `` ve come across so far . I use it on the front end of my SUV after just a few apps the bugs seem to come off alot easier with alot less effort . I have showed this wax to a couple of my freinds and they were impressed with this product .
 I love this stuff i use it on all my harleys chrome and paint it 's great for a lot of things it leaves a great shine also a film of protection that resist bugs from sticking and so on i would buy this by the case if it was cheaper in price also its hard to come by.if you love your car , truck , motercycle buy it you wo n't be dissatisfied .
 I have a 24 ' cargo/auto trailer for my race car . In 3 years i have tried many waxes on the white exterior finish & nothing last more then 4 or 5 weeks . The black streaks after a rain are difficult to remove . About 6 months ago i tried Dupont Teflon Wax & it held up great . Im in the mid atlantic states area where we had record snow & rain.It 's now march & just now ready for another treatment .
 I have tried so many waxes , polishes , combinations , rubs ... you name it , I 've tried it . This stuff works the best of all of them . Spray it on , let it dry , wipe it off , and WOW ! It Pops ! Smooth , unstreaked , gloss ! Repels dust , and nothing sticks to it ! Easiest to apply out of the sun and you do n't want to get any on the rubber and let it dry . Difficult to get off of the rubber trims so you have to be careful where you aim it . Meguiars , Mothers , Prestone , Turtle , and whole slew of others , nothing comes close !
 This product is easy to apply and gives a great shine . Used it on my 15 year old BMW , which is now looking new .
 I bought this mirror , knowing I had to modify it . I chpped the original mounting area off , grinded smooth , and painted . Drilled and tapped so that I could use it in the hinges when door is off . Overall the project takes about an hour/mirror . Well worth it though .
 It fit our 01 Wrangler perfectly and took ten minutes to install , and compared to the Jeep dealer 's price of $ 115 , it was a great value . The only giveaway that it is n't OEM is the lack of the JEEP logo on the mirror surface . Big woop .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/r.html?R=G67HG8Z4P5VQ&C;=Y153YKI9MGX1&H;=BANN8FX4qxqd6FzB1hbDdM1OfpkA&T;=C&U;=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2Freview%2Fcreate-review%2Fref%3Dpe_6680_10018070_cm_cr_ec_add_1_h_c10018070%3Fie%3DUTF8%26nodeID%3D%26asin%3DB0006H8BEY%26customerID%3DA2KSTGY50A53NEThanks . Received the product promptly . It 's not a factory replacement but good none the less .
 was suprised at the initial quality of the mirror.looks just like factory.should have bought the other side to match but oh well i 'm still pleased . thanks again amazon !
 Screws are odd tpi , bought quarter by 20 fh ss -LRB- < $ 2 -RRB- , needed to drill and tap hinge . All gud now , need to add small convex mirror and I 'll be happy .
 The mirror fits the Jeep well but it is definitely not comparable to OEM product . The objects in mirror are vibrating unlike my stock mirror on the other door . For the price it will work .
 Even though this is the style for earlier years , I bought it for my 2006 TJ since it was metal , rather than the plastic mirrors I 've been breaking on the trail , or by bumping with my shoulder in the garage . And it is indeed much tougher than the plastic junk.However , the mirror is not `` optically pure '' in that it has some waves in it so cars look a little `` wrong '' at times , but that does n't bother me nearly as much as breaking the whole thing off like on the others ...
 I am very pleased with the product , I tried to get one locally but they only sold the pair for about $ 89.00 plus tax , I only needed one , the quality is very good it 's almost identical to the one I broke , The bolts it came with were too long , so I used my old bolts , otherwise it was a great buy at a great price , good quality , it came in it 's own box and the mirror was inside a blue fabric bag that protected it further , thanks again Amazon !
 Who will look closely enough to realize this is n't the original mirror ? I could n't tell from 10 feet away . Except for the fact that it does n't say `` Jeep '' on the glass , it 's nearly identical . One small detail that 's a minor inconvenience is the length of the screws . Both the provided screws and the original end up too long , by about 1/4 inch , to tighten the new slightly slimmer bracket securely to the door hinge . I had to cut them down . Of course I could have just replaced them with shorter screws from the hardware store , but I 'm a DIY'er . Overall I 'm very happy , it looks great ! Now if I can just keep from slapping it against things that break 'em . . lol
 This product is an exact match for the OEM product . It was shipped and delivered promptly and was easy to install .
 We have a 2000 Jeep Cherokee Sport that came with some Wagner ` stock ' headlights . They 've never been anything special - in fact , we ALWAYS have to drive with our high beams on at night , and no one ever notices or ` flashes ' us . Neither my husband nor I are very mechanically gifted when it comes to cars , so we were a little hesitant to purchase these and install them ourselves . Well , they shipped right after we purchased them , we received them four days later , and it took about 15 minutes to switch them out . My husband has to drive on a remote country road to get to work , and he said that these headlights -LRB- on low beam -RRB- are about five times brighter than our old lights on high beams . He also said that on high beams , it 's like there 's a big patch of daylight on the road in front of you . No need to adjust or align the level of the lights . We are anxious to see how long they last , but even if it 's for a year or two , it 's SO worth it ! We will be recommending these to all our friends and family.To install on the Jeep Cherokee Sport : To remove , make sure you take the headlamp bezel off -LRB- 2 screws above the headlight itself -RRB- . You 'll then see a metal bracket held in place by 4 phillips -LRB- x-type -RRB- screws . You will also see 2 star -LRB- * -RRB- screws ; these are beam adjustment screws and you probably wo n't need to touch these . However , if you need to adjust the headlamps after completed installation , please be careful not to strip or remove them . Once the bracket is off , pull the headlight toward you and disconnect the plug . Replace the headlight , making sure that the middle prong of the connector is on top . Replace the bracket and the bezel , and you 're set .
 Replaced my standard Wagoner Halogens with Silverstars on my 98 Jeep Cherokee , and I honestly ca n't believe the difference . Only had them out for one night , but on back country roads , field of vision is easily twice that of what I was getting with the previous lights . I also spent plenty of time standing in front of them and they do n't seem too bright or distracting to oncoming traffic . Field of vision is so much improved , I expect very little use for high beams , unless traveling at speed on the Interstate .
 A great bulb at a good price . We purchased these to replace the headlight lamps on our 1997 Nissan 4x4 Pickup . What a difference !! Highly recommend .
 Purchased these replacement headlights for my 2002 E-150 van that had the original bulbs still working , but decided to look for replacements after noticing that the light output was getting dim.I looked around for a decent , inexpensive replacement and decided on the Silver Star based on other reviews and the cost of replacement.After installing the new bulbs , I did notice a difference in brightness , but that could just be a result of replacing 9 year old bulbs . Light dispersement is wider and longer as advertised , but brightness looks about the same as any replacement lamp.Price was great and the shipping was free , so for the price they are well worth it .
 Big improvement over the stock headlights ! I just got my Cherokee Sport and I was going to get the H4 conversions with an HID kit for my jeep , but got these instead . I 'm glad I did . They work great ! With the money I save from getting these , I can get some nice auxiliary Fog/Driving lamps . My last 4 cars had High Intensity Discharge lights on them -LRB- the real HID with bulbs and ballasts , not the cheap 100 watt blue bulbs that just gives you the color of HIDs without the brightness -RRB- . I highly recommend these !
 The low beams are a great improvement over standard Halogen bulbs , they offer brighter light and wider coverage . This makes it much easier to see deer crossing the road at night . I was a little disapointed in the high beams , they seem to disperse the light over a wider range . As a result the high beems seem dimmer than standard Halogen bulbs .
 These were installed on my 1996 Corvette . It 's nice to have strong headlights that make it hard to overdrive the car in the dark . Not quite as good as the replaceable bulbs but very close . I would purchase these again !
 I purchased these a year ago and they are still pretty bright , these were much cheaper than purchasing the regular headlights at wal-mart or autoparts store . I definitely noticed a huge difference between these high performance model versus the standard .
 These are great replacement lights . Much better than my old OEM lights . Price on Amazon was great and fantastic with the free shipping ! Before looking elsewhere for things , look at Amazon first.If you want or expect HID brightness , these are not for you so do n't buy these and complain later . Spend the money if you want HID . These are excellent lights for the average consumer .
 These lights are way better than a standard head light replacement.The light is whiter and brighter , much better than the factory dingy yellow looking lights.These combined with a headlight harness upgrade produce a very nice , safe light pattern for driving.Should be installed on every Jeep XJ or MJ .
 I replaced the bulbs on my jeep with these . They are great , made huge difference . I just ordered second set to do my other jeep also .
 Best headlights to buy for your car + truck + van , 8x6 or H6054 , big difference from you regular headlights . Hella 200 mm are # 1 & these are # 2 H6054ST this are worth to buy .
 I put these on my 2000 Jeep Cherokee and they have transformed night driving ! They are a great replacement for the OEM headlights and I would recommend them to anyone looking for a much improved headlight for their vehicle .
 This was a fantastic upgrade over the OEM bulb in the 99 Jeep Cherokee Sport.Went from yellow light that not properly illuminate curbs , to a piercing white that increased field of vision .
 I replaced my stock halogens on my 2000 Jeep Cherokee with theseSylvania H6054 SilverStar 65-Watt High Performance Halogen Headlightand what a difference it made !!! I no longer have to drive with my driving lights on just to see . Amazon had the best price I could find and with the free 2 day shipping with my Prime membership made this a no brainer !!!
 Used these Sylvania H6054 SilverStar headlights to replace the stock headlights in my 2000 Jeep Cherokee . I live and drive in East Texas and have to keep a sharp lookout for deer and wild hogs on or crossing the highways and roads . These lights give a whiter , brighter light than the stock headlights did . They also allow better visibilty to the right side of the road than the original equipment headlights . The price is much better than most replacement headlights that give , or promise , improved visibility . I am very pleased . Money well spent .
 I bought these headlights back in the beginning of 2011 for my 1998 Jeep Cherokee . When I first purchased them and installed them it was without the aftermarket wiring harness so I will base the first part of the review off that . Without the harness these bulbs are great . Stock bulbs are okay but these are definitively a step up , they produce a solid amount of light that is great for city driving and also perform great on the highway . The low beams are great , the pattern they have provide more than enough light to see whats to the sides of the vehicle -LRB- sidewalks , street signs , etc. -RRB- . But also you can adjust them to a decent amount to ahead of the Jeep and still get a solid white beam pattern . Also the color , the color that the bulbs give off is great . It 's a very bright vivid white , it provides great visibly and does n't give off that blue tone.Now back in January I performed an upgrade that is particularly popular in Jeep vehicles . I added an aftermarket wiring harness , the harness allows for direct wiring from thebattery to each bulb . It 's a very simple procedure and I say it does make the lights more effective . With the harness the bulbs are definitely more crisp . The color of white is great and I 'd say it makes about a 30 % improvement in night time visibility without blinding other drivers . It 's a great upgrade when driving longer , for short trips maybe not so much . ** Overall the bulbs perform great worth $ 20 , definitely invest in a pair to keep the life cycle and pattern even . An H4 harness is a great add-on with these bulbs for drivers who find themselves driving longer distances on highways or just desire a crisper more defined light pattern .
 I had ordered these back in January and have n't had the time to get around to installing them . So they sat in their box for the past month -LRB- over 30 days -RRB- and when I installed them this morning one of them did n't work . No big deal , called up Amazon and they are getting me a free replacement with one day shipping and free return shipping on the busted light.I 've had them in my Jeep before and they are great . Far better than the stock ones that come in it and other replacements on the market . I 'd order and used these lights again .
 These new lights have brightened my driving experience and I 'm much more likely to venture out after dark . I 'm actually able to see further down the road , actively relieving my tension .
 Purchased a set of these for my 2000 Jeep Cherokee that still had what appeared to be the origional wagner bulbs installed . Although the wagner 's still worked the light they output was very yellow and dim . I was looking for a set of bright white head lights not the blue lights that hurt on coming traffic 's eyes . These are exactly what I was looking for . These are much improved over the wagner bulbs . the light out put is at lest 50 % greater but the white light seems to enhance your night time vision .
 These headlights are awesome , I replaced the stock headlights in my '92 Toyota pickup with these . Way brighter , can see farther down road , and can clearly see ditches on both sides of the highway . These , combined with mounted driving lights , is like driving in the day . Absolutely no problems driving at night . These by themselves are a huge step up from any stock headlight I 've ever driven with . Awesome product , and very cheap . Last retail store I looked in for these was almost double the price I paid on Amazon including shipping .
 I saw the reviews here and decided to try them out . I work second shift , from 1500 to 2330 . So I 'm always comming home at night . Instalation took about 45min altogether . You just need a phillips head screwdriver . I put a towel on the ground to locate dropped screws . It was very easy and straight forward to install . The results are well worth the effort . These babies really light up the road ! Do your self a favor and get these headlights !
 After installing these lights on my friend 's 2001 Jeep Cherokee I asked him what he thought and he said `` After driving with these , I think the ones that were on it before should be outlawed '' . My friend 's excitement about these was proof positive that these lights are well worth the money ... These were really easy to install on a 2001 Jeep Cherokee and made a HUGE difference in the night drivability of many cars . In my opinion , being able to see better while driving at night is worth far more than the cost of these headlights -LRB- although look around because after purchasing them from Amazon.com I did find them cheaper at an auto store -RRB- The long story
 I bought these headlights for my 93 Jeep Wrangler . They are about 20 % brighter than my stock units . The extra light is nice , but the extra cost may not be worth it . Hopefully , these lights will have a long life span which will help justify the price difference .
 I was honestly amazed at the difference between the original headlights and the Silverstar . The replacements emit a brighter , whiter light that really lights up the road and surroundings . During installation I DID NOT adjust the beams , ie , up/down/left / right . The difference was obvious right away . The center of the beam carries so much farther than the originals . These are now my choice .
 Great service from Amazon Com , Packed very well & shipped fast . Price was the best I could find , Very good quality lights . I really like the Sylvania Silverstar lights , we use them in all our vehicles . Very bright lights & on a very dark night it sure makes you appreciate the great quailty of the Sylvania Silverstar lights . We would n't use anything else . Amazon.com is great to do business with , very professional folks . Ken
 I did not realize that the headlights on my 1989 accord were completely sealed , but when i found the silverstar version of the H6054 's I was very happy indeed ! These are so much brighter and are a joy to use at night and in rain . Would recommend them with anybody who has the type of car that can take these .
 Best headlights ever . I never though they were gon na be this great . Im just super happy with them . I will buy them again over n over . They are that great .
 I was riding in my 1987 Honda Accord with what were probably the original lights . These things are great because they 're a great white color , not a dull yellow .
 Used these to replace my stock headlights . What a difference . Really brightens up the road a lot more than my old ones . Fast delivery too
 Both of my old headlights had water in them and seemed very dim . Big difference after i put these in . I do n't know if these are better than a standard halogen headlight . They are all 55w on low beam and 65w on high beam . It 's not like you are getting a higher wattage bulb . I 'm happy with these .
 i bought these after reading reviews on amazon , re
 My headlights really needed to be replaced and I knew just how much when these were installed . Easy installation in my 97 Nissan pickup .
 Bought these for my husband 's Cherokee and he installed them in 15 minutes with no problems . They are much brighter and wider than the standard bulbs . 2 phillips head screws to remove the plastic housing and 4 phillips head screws to remove the metal lamp bezel . Remove the old lamp and disconnect the 3 prong plug . Install the new bulb and reverse the process . Simple and easy . One tip is to wear gloves so you do n't touch the bulb with your hands , as Sylvania suggests you could get your hand oils on the bulb and that area would burn hotter.Highly recommended , easy fix for dull headlights .
 Bought these for a 93 nissan pickup an they worked great . Incredible upgrade over the stock lights , well worth the price .
 I bought Sylvania SilverStar headlights for my 98 Jeep Cherokee to replace the stock bulbs . The difference is night and day . SilverStar headlights project a nice bight white light . I would recommend these headlights as a good replacement bulb .
 I drive a school bus several hours each morning in the dark . Literally , on the edge of a mountain , some times less than 3 feet from a sheer drop of over 300 feet with no guard rails . The headlights that came in the bus were insufficient , I bought 2 of these and WOW the difference they made . No longer do I run constantly with high-beams on , the low-beams with the SilverStar are equivelent to the highbeam settings on the headlights that were in the bus when I bought it . The beams are wider , brighter and throw light much further . I saved the old bulbs , they will go back in the bus when I sell it ... . I 'm keeping the SilverStars for my next bus .
 I love the headlights . Purchased them for my 2001 Jeep Cherokee . Installation was easy and the light work well . It took around 15 minutes for me to do the install . The simply unscrew and remove a plug from the old headlight and replug everythIng in . Very easly done .
 The sylvania silverstar headlights are the best bulbs out there . the difference from the basic halogens to the silverstar 's is unbelievable . I rarely need to use my high beams now . i 'll never buy anything but silverstars .
 Yeah , these lights are a improvement over my last set of headlights . I believe they 're brighter than the old ones when they were in high beam mode . Anyways , shipping was fine and I 'd recommend this product .
 I used these Silver Star sealed beam headlights to replace the stock headlights on my 86 toyota pickup . The differance was like night and day . The Silver Stars are clean white light compaired to the poor yellow light of stock lights . The originals did not even say halogin on the the front , but even if they did these new lights are brighter than I have ever seen in a sealed beam headlight . Well worth the money and no fuss installation .
 I bought these headlights to replace the halogen lights I had in my 1989 S-10 pick up . Living in a rural area in New Jersey I wanted headlights that would brighten up the road better than the halogen headlights that I was using . The lights do brighten up the road and do extend so I can see further and the path of the light is wider as well . They seem do a nice job in foul weather as well . Lately it has been rainy here and I have to go out at night and they do a nice job of brightening up my drive to and from where I have to go . Either in dry or wet road conditions they do a nice job . I would suggest these lights for anybody that wants a more defined white light that by far is better than halogen headlights .
 These points for the GM engines of the 60 's & 70 's are capable of 4000 distributor RPM -LRB- 8000 engine RPM -RRB- without bounce . We have run them as high as 55,00 miles with no dwell change . They are long since out of production by a fine Canadian auto parts company . We were lucky to find several sets of them on Amazon .
 I have K&N filters in all my cars , motorcycles and now lawn tractor . I run a foam pre-filter on the tractor to filter out the fine dust that my tractor cutting deck stirs up . This allows me to only have to clean the K&N once a season .
 I bought these for scrapbooking . Works well on the pages . I 'm sure everyone else is looking to use these on their truck . I do feel these would not be a problem on paint or window of a truck . They 're a sturdy decal and appear to be uv protected .
 I bought this for my Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited and I works Great . I Love being able to see at night !
 Thought this bulb would be cool blue color but actually are a little higher freq than a standard bulb producing a whiter output . All in all another great product from sylvania .
 A 9006 bulb with a nice blue tint to it . I would say it is hard to find a good bulb that you wont have to change every two months . This is your answer .
 Very nice plug and easy to install . I used it for a drain plug in a fuel tank , it worked very well and was reasonably priced .
 I think it will work perfectly . I may also use it after drilling into my plastic fish aquarium to drain it , this way I do n't have to pan the water out of it . I will also use it on my gas tank to drain water accumulations if necessary .
 works great as it should , drill hole install and you can drain pan without mess , just no fun to install first time factory should have put one there
 After buying a cheapo at the place with the initials , HF , I 'm happy that this one does not leak . Air stays in the compressor always . Never leaks down .
 It 's cool . I like it and it does what I wanted . I 've had it for a year , it came apart but I put the pin back in and it 's gotten another 6 months . City inspector found it on the plans table and thought it was a pipe ! Ha , should have seen her face!I 'd get it again .
 this little thing is the trick ! put all new molding down in house , and it worked great with hose and nail gun .
 I had been suffering with my older dim headlights for years now . They were plastic and completely scratched up . I finally convinced myself to buy these Sylvania Silver Star headlights and now I can see much better at night . I was worried that they would n't be an exact match but everything works fine -LRB- even the daytime running lights work -RRB- . The new headlights are glass so I do n't think I 'll have to worry about them getting scratched like the old plastic ones .
 Pleased with delivery time and performance of lights . Wished they could be a bit brighter but sometimes that is a tradeoff for longevity .
 I have a 1994 Geo Metro that had stock sealed beam head lights . they were ok , and did fine until one stopped working , after getting a fix-it ticket , I decided to go with the best lights out there . so I looked around and people said that these were the brightest out of all them ... They were right !!! when I put these in and turned them on I could see very well !!! Very bright , could see down the road further than I could before !! if your thinking about upgrading your lights and ca n't afford the new HID lights , then these are what I recommend !!!
 New , slightly better in price when I got them . Put them in , adjusted , and worked out nicely . Great upgrade from my old ones . If your looking to upgrade an old cars headlights , then try these .
 Recently , after upgrading the lightss on my girlfriend 's car and my motorcycle , I decided it was finally time to upgrade the lights I had in my '93 Saturn for something like 8 years . Predictably , these Sylvanias had super easy installation but I was surprised at how bright they were . They 're nearly as bright as the Xenon bulbs I put in my girlfriend 's car . I knew they were bright but this was a pleasant surprise . Now , I just hope these lights last longer than my car .
 Very bright , even for sealed beams . I used to be able to see the road light up when people would pass me and then watch everything get dark again when they were in front of me , that 's gone with these lights . For a while I was considering buying a set of driving lights but after getting these realized that all I needed were some better headlights .
 Worth the purchase price . You will see a significant improvement . However , Sylvania says that these will not last as long as standard headlights . The brighter they are , the shorter their life span.Just as a note , if you have a vehicle that uses the 9000 series of bulbs , get the SilverStar Ultras . The are 2-3x brigher than standard bulbs . I noticed a difference on my 05 Tahoe when I had the Ultras on the low beams and standards on the high . The low beams were brighter and I could see farther than with the high beams .
 I miss read the description I expected some crazy halo bulb but o well they work like a charm .
 Much briger than the standard bulbs . My car has terrible headlights , and these made an amazing difference . Worth the extra money , no doubt .
 I wanted a new hitch ball and mount and went with this stainless interlock type which matches the hex inset on the ball mount so it will not turn when you tighten the nut . Stainless ball looks sharp . The nut and washer are not stainless for a reason . If you use two stainless fasteners together after a time they will become galled and grow together , so to speak . I painted the nut and washer with some good black paint to prevent them from rusting . By the way , the price here was WAY cheaper than my favorite local chain store .
 They should all be stainless , The chrome ones are not worth the time . they are made with cheap metal . A +
 stainless it will not rust after first use like the standard hitch ball meets my expectations i will only buy stainless products in the future
 I 'm glad I opted for the stainless steel version - well worth the extra bucks . Works as it should - not much else to report .
 The Reese design on this ball is very accommodating . The hex feature in the base makes installation/removal a breeze.I would purchase again .
 The sticker looks nice but it is smaller than i expected considering it is a rear window decal . I was expecting it to take up the majority of my rear window .
 The sticker looks great ... easy to apply.My only complaint ... Why is the shipping rate as much as the sticker ??? It 's a lightweight item.Otherwise ... happy with purchase .
 Used these to install automatic door locks on a 2006 Mazda 3 sedan . It seems that all the newer Mazda cars use a cable lock instead of a solid bar . Not a problem if it is a manual lock , but if you want to add an aftermarket power door lock , there is no place to attach the power actuator on a cable type lock . So you need this kit to lock the cable in place , cut off the outer jacket of the cable and attach the power lock actuator to the now exposed cable . There really is no way to do it without using this kit , and for the price , it is much eaiser than trying to make something yourself . After installing power locks in a cable lock system , I am not sure if I would ever want to do it again because of all the work involved . Although I did save about $ 500 over what a shop wanted to install them .
 If you have a newer model car with manual locks and planning to install automatic lock kit then you need this item.I am using it for my 08 Yaris Hatchback.Same items sells for more than $ 20 in other places , even here in Amazon .
 These were superb next to genuine the clearance were within specs and so far they have been installed and working flawlessly .
 Getting to the bed of my Silverado Truck was difficult when hauling my 5th wheel . I had to carry a small stool in order to access the bed . I purchased the Bully AS-550 side steps and the problem was solved . They were a snap to install and they are rock solid when I step on them . When not in use , they rotate to the side out of the way . The step is built out of cast aluminum and the supports are thick welded steel , all giving the step a solid mount . The only negative , and it is slight , is that the step could be a bit wider and they do rattle a little when I hit a bump.Otherwise I give them an A . A definate need on a pickup . Ken
 I bought one for each side , to aid me in getting up into the bed , especially when the 5th wheel trailer is attached . As noted in another review , the positioning for these steps on the MegaCab is not ideal . Prior to this my method was to climb up on the tire , these units allow me to get there a lot easier -LRB- especially for a 60 + person -RRB- . It will be very hard to stand on it and work in the tool box , but for quick grabs it seems to work fine.Installation was n't too hard . Only had to drill one hole for each unit , small pilot drill and `` Unibit '' solve that easy . I did have to spend more than a few minutes getting the bolt/plate assy into the channel and through the hole . After a bunch of `` Yosemite Sam '' , things finally went into place.Solidly built units , definitely recommend to anyone needing a leg up .
 Installation was very simple & out of the way when not in use . Just what was needed for reaching items in the truck bed .
 easy 10 min install seems sturdy and this was the best price too . gon na get one for the other side next
 I bought one for each side of my F-350 CC short box . Took less then an hour to install with a couple wrenches and a screw driver . They seem pretty sturdy . Have n't had to use them yet but sure look like they 'll do the trick .
 This is the best step I have seen or used for a truck bed . It installs easily in about 5-10 minutes . When I sell this truck I will be buying another one for my new truck .
 This step is great . I use it for access to the truck bed to unhook my 5th wheel . Great product that bolted right up .
 I received these -LRB- I bought two separately -RRB- for use on my 2002 Ford F150 . Both arrived with damaged packaging and appeared to have been previously returned or used.The instructions for installation were inadequate and wrong . I had to improvise and buy another nut/bolt/washer . That being said , it is very strong and easy to deploy . The step could be larger , though.The fasteners are neither galvanized or stainless steel , and will rust in time , I am sure . A previous reviewer noted a rusting problem . I am considering spraying rustoleum before the winter.For the price , I am happy with it , but if I was not able to figure out a way to install it on my own , I would have returned it .
 Good heavy duty product , a bit difficult to install , kept going in crooked , with some minor alterations we got it installed .
 The design is good . Snugly fits right in the windshield , a perfect fit . It definitely keeps the car cooler than my previous shade , one of those twisty foldy things that tucks under the seat when stored . One issue with this is that to put it away you have to either fold it in half or roll it up and put it in the trunk because you ca n't stick it under the seat . A little inconvenient , but it 's worth it . I just have to take a couple extra steps to install and stow compared with the previous one which I could do entirely from the front seat . It looks good and seems to be made of quality ingredients . I definitely recommend it to anyone with a Protege 5 .
 Just what I needed to go along with my BakFlip cover . My 2008 Tachoma did not come with a locking tailgate and after adding a BakFlip cover to the bed , I realized I needed to secure things inside the bed . This unit took a total of 30 minutes to install and that 's because my neighbor came over to talk while I was installing it . The lock does seem like it could be broken by a theif , but if aomeone wants to steal bad enough , nothing will keep them out . As my daddy used to say , &#34; A lock keeps a honest man out . &#34;
 We got this after the tailgate to our new pickup was stolen and we found out just how quickly and easily that can be done . It cost us over $ 300 to replace it from one with a junk yard . A friend had to pay $ 1400 to replace his tailgate . The lock is a good investment .
 Had it on the Truck for over a year now . Works great , opened and closed with out a problem during the fall rain and the freezing winter snow . Easy to install , and Amazon had the most competitive prices !
 PLEASE USE THIS GREAT PRODUCT FOR KEEPING YOUR TOOLS SECURE IN THE TOYOTA PICKUP . IT INSTALLS WITH EASY TO FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS .
 This devise was easy to install and is a affective devise to protect your covered truck bed . I reccimend this to any truck owner .
 Easy installation . The key lock cover is of rather flimsy and light sheet metal construction . This would appear to be a somewhat weak point . Nonetheless , it works and looks good .
 Ordered this with a Bakflip G2 cover for my 2005 Tacoma and could n't be happier . Installation took about 20 minutes and was a breeze .
 Installs quick and easy . Works great . You will need to have some star bits that fit the tail gate .
 Great product . Easy install . works perfectly and locks securely . All my valuables , my bed cover , and my tailgate would all be vulnerable to theft without this wonderful product . Save yourself hundreds of dollars -LRB- ~ $ 500 for a bed cover , ~ $ 300 for a new tailgate , not to mention valuables in the bed -RRB- in the future by spending about $ 50 now . You wo n't regret it .
 It 's a nice lock , durable and pretty tough . There 's a little ` play ' in the handle after the install ; however , it works great . Would like to see the lock itself a little more sealed . But great product and service -LRB- delivery -RRB- .
 Great price , arrived within a few days of my ordering it . I have a 2006 Tacoma the tailgate lock was very easy to install , looks great , works just as advertised . I would recommend the Pop & Lock to anyone shopping for a tailgate lock .
 Easy installation , took about 20 min on my 2007 Tacoma . I did n't install the rod extenders that were included and the lock still functions just fine . The sticker logo comes off pretty easy so there is no eye-sore and it looks like it came that way directly from Toyota . Not to sure why Toyota did n't install a factory lock on the tailgate , but this is an easy and cheap upgrade to install . A must if you plan to put a camper top on your truck .
 I installed the PL5200 to my 2006 Tacoma to add a little security to my shell . Installation took about 20 minutes and was very simple . The finished product looks like OG equipment .
 Added this lock to my 2006 Toyota Tacoma after adding a camper shell . It keeps the tailgate closed and locked . Looks good , too . The install was really quick - about 20 minutes . Did n't have to add the `` extenders '' as the lock worked without them . So far , I would recommend product ... I am assuming it will last ... We 'll see .
 I needed a locking tailgate after putting a cap on my truck . This installed easy and FAST . Whole process from start to finish took about one hour.Looks like it was a factory item . no drilling required . just needed a few basic tools . works great .
 The Pop and Lock was delivered promptly and works as advertised . Having just installed a tonneau cover , this device has made the covered space secure and more useful . It was very easy to install , but I had to get a second pair of hands to replace the back on the tailgate again .
 This was very easy to install and it looks like it came as factory original equipment . The instructions seemed a bit confusing at first , but once I took off the tailgate liner , it was very straightforward . Good quality .
 Install directions and all the parts sent with this product threw me off during my install . After I studied it for a while , I finally figured it out . It was VERY easy to install , however the directions are very vague - especially when you see all the parts included . I installed on a 2005 Toyota Tacoma Pre-Runner and after peeling off the Pop & Lock sticker , it looks like it is made for my truck . Feels secure when locked.I recommend this product to anyone needed to put a lock on their tailgate . Keep in mind that if someone really wants to get in to your truck bed , this will only deter not stop .
 Lock works wonderfully and provides the protection I was looking for . Aesthetically it looks stock -LRB- not out of place or aftermarker -RRB- and it was also a breeze to install . Took me maybe 30 minutes from when I walked out the door to work on it to when I reentered my house . I youtubed some install videos beforehand just to make sure , and I 'm glad I did because the instructions are pretty bad . Installing the lock will take you all of 5 minutes , the other 25 minutes will come from unscrewing and rescrewing the twenty screws you have to remove to access the lock mechanism -- only part that was a PITA . Handle is a tad looser after install but it has n't bothered me so far and it does n't seem ` dangerously ' loose -- it still feels like a solid unit .
 I was pleasantly surprised at how well this tailgate lock works . It 's easy to install , and I have had no problems with it since I installed it .
 I have very little experience working on automobiles . With that said , I had the PL5200 installed in under half an hour and it works great . Do n't listen to the bad reviews , those people either have faulty products or have no idea what they are doing .
 I just received the lock today and it took me maybe 10 to 15 minutes to install . Overall I am very happy iwth the product.Pros
 works perfect on 2005 tacoma.i did take the plastic off the back of gate to install lock , but it was very easy to do.did not need extenders though.looks like a factory job once the sticker is peeled off .
 Installed this on my 2006 Tacoma in less than 20 minutes in the freezing cold Iowa winter . Works great . Looks as if it was factory installed . By the way , the first photo on this item is totally wrong . It shows an ugly PL1100 which is used on Chevy Silverado / GMC Sierra . Do n't let the faulty picture fool you . That is not what it looks like . The PL5200 actually looks like -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I , too have had a bit of experience using the Powermate . Have carried it in my truck for several years now -- it has an intermitent short which will randomly drain an older battery to nothing . Several times I have gotten to the truck , only to hear a dreaded `` click '' and nothing else . The Powermate will not `` jump '' the truck directly , though I have had success putting the charger on the battery and leaving it for 10-15 minutes , then starting the truck . There would probably reach a point where a shorted -- and not just drained -- battery would leave me stranded . -LRB- At which point the battery would not let you jump it anyway , without disconnecting it entirely , and running straight off the alternator . -RRB- Also , compressor is not overly quick , but it gets the job done . I used it successfully to re-inflate an almost flat truck tire , but once again , it took about 20 minutes . This is not a `` miracle '' device , but it works pretty well overall . I am putting them in all of our vehicles , now .
 I bought a fifth wheel toyhauler a year ago . It came with a really cheap Chinese version of this , which did n't work at all . The dealer replaced it with one of these Coleman units . I charged it , but never used it until yesterday . I was told it was meant for jumpstarting ATVs and motorcycles , so I can understand it not working well on a larger vehicle.But yesterday , my little Honda Prelude would n't start , and I thought I would give this thing a try . Sure enough , it worked ... BARELY . It worked again this morning too . I think I 'm due for a new battery and alternator in the car , so that 's my next move . Meanwhile , this little thing will definitely be kept handy from now on .
 where can i find a fuse for the power cord , i like the powermate however i am having trouble locating the correct size fuse to fit the power cord.thank you for any info .
 these type s/winplus lights are very good at what they do . i currently have two on my dash to help me see my gauges at night . very sleek smooth design . the only reason i did not give it a 5 star rating is because you have to use a cigrette lighter to power the little things . does not ruin my night vision at all.nemoskull .
 I did my first timing belt change with this kit & it was on my gal 's 2005 Hyundai Elantra . I 've always had good luck with Gates products so I did n't hesitate to get this kit especially at this great price . Worked like a charm . Came with a diagram and the torque specs which was handy . There 's a Gates kit also available including the water pump but at 60,000 miles we decided to let that go . I wish Amazon carried the 3 accessory belts in Gates but we had to go with Dayco . Dayco 's are fine but they do n't make the exact same size as oem for the AC belt so they recommend the next size up which gave us a problem with the AC tensioner actually touching the AC compressor pulley when tightened up . We had to replace the recommended Dayco 5040338 with a 5040333 . It 's a half inch shorter -LRB- last digit is tenths of an inch in length -RRB- . It was just a tad snug slipping on into position but not a big deal . The half inch shorter belt worked great with the tensioner adjustment .
 Gates is the best quality manufacture of numerous products , and this is another of them . At less than half the cost of retail auto parts store , buying on Amazon saves money . This kit cost $ 43.00 on amazon , and was priced at over $ 86.00 at a local retail auto parts store -LRB- major retail , wo n't name -RRB- . Used this kit for my 2005 Hyundai Elantra
 Kit was an exact replacement for my 06 Hyundai . Kit was installed during the 60k mile service at the dealership without any issue . Not sure of the cost comparison of the timing belt by itself but I would not recommend replacing it without the idler and tension rollers included in this kit . After service , the engine ran smooth and quiet . Purchase this kit sometime after your 45k mile service along with the accessory drive belts and replacement filters and you can spread the expense of this costly service out over time making it far more affordable . I am very pleased with this kit and the accuracy of Amazon 's inventory ensuring this was the right part for my car .
 Everything I needed was in the package and it was of high quality . I 'll have to buy another when the time times and I wo n't hesitate to get Gates .
 I was replacing the timing belt on a 2002 Hyundai Elantra , and wanted both the belt and the cams . This was the best price I could find for all the parts . I was naturally a bit nervous since I could n't see the part before receiving it , but it was exactly what I needed . Everything was an exact match for the OEM equipment I was replacing . They went in easily , and the car has now gone 1,000 miles on the new equipment without problems . This was the second part I 've purchased from Amazon for this car , and I will DEFINITELY do so again .
 bought the belt installed it and had no complications everthting went as planned confing on other reviews and gats good name
 I bought this kit to replace the t-belt and tensioner on my 02 Elantra . This Gates kit is the same one that you would get from the dealer and was half the price of the same kit at the local auto parts store . I would recommend this kit to anyone in need of an OEM quality t-belt replacement kit at an excellent price .
 This belt is exactly what I needed for my 99 elantra -LRB- beta engine -RRB- . The kit comes with high quality idler and tension pulleys . As well as a gates belt . gates made the oe belt so I feel confident in saying that This is either the same as the oe product Or just as good . I have had the kit on the car for about 500 miles now no problem . Im going to recheck the tension every 10,000 miles to make sure the belt is still in good condition and that its still properly tensioned because this is a static tensioner meaning it does not compensate for any belt streach . If you have a hyundai with a beta engine in it that needs a timing belt . This is the kit . Get it ! Do not neglect your timing belt . Some people get lucky and never change them until the car is dead . But more often than not timing belts snap around 100k on these beta engines . I was one of the lucky ones . Got 130k out of the oe one . Should not have pushed it that far . Do yourself a favor . Buy this kit , install it yourself with a new waterpump and save yourself a bunch of money . you will thank me later
 It had all the parts and everything went together as expected . I would recommend this product if you need to change your timing belt .
 Gates always deliver performances and price is reasonable . The package comes with everything you need to replace the timing belt .
 Purchased this product and had it installed on my 2006 Kia Spectra . Have n't had problems with it yet . Hoping it will hold up for another 90,000 miles .
 Kit was exact replacement for oem . Gates is a reliable and respected name . Price was unbeatable . I did not beat book but saved $ 400 doing it myself .
 I own four of these clubs . I have one for each vehicle and I must say I love them . Not to mention the discount from my insurance company for using the club . This is a must have for any car or truck owner .
 No , it is an excellent product and does its job perfectly and almost stylishly as well . It was simple enough to install and arrived in record time .
 This `` bug shield '' is the very best deflector I 've ever had on my vehicles . It took about ten minutes tops to install .
 The hood deflector arrived 3 days late , never received an answer as to why it was late but am waiting for reimbursement of delivery charges . However , the product appears to be well constructed , seems to fit very well , and looks great . My only concern is the center mounting hardware is not completely secure . The hardware includes plastic inserts into pre-drilled holes under the hood - the plastic inserts do not really tighten once they are inserted . But the outside brackets appear to be more secure and they are designed to `` hug '' the hood better , so hopefully the will compensate for the middle brackets.Overall , I like the purchase based on available options . Will update entry if any problems develop .
 We installed the door club at three doors 15 years ago and they are as good as new . Great item for security . We live in a rural area and have appreciated the extra sense of security they provide . Recommend for any type of housing .
 Great cheap horn . Used to replace my boat horn . Was quick to install and worked great ! And for $ 12 you cant beat it !
 After somebody tried to steal my pickup truck twice in a month , a police officer told me to be aware that the bad people was coming back for my truck ... He recommended buying The Club although he was very specific not to buy the kind they sell at Wal-Mart . He told me to look around for a Club made specifically for trucks like mine , a GMC 2006 . I was glad to find it at AMAZON and I do n't regret it , maybe it is twice as expensive but it 's worth the price ... I still have my truck ... Update
 This is really the way to go if you have a truck I have a chevy and recently thought maybe I should have a bit more security besides the alarm system . I can assure you no one is going to turn the wheel on a vehicle with this wheel lock on there . The laser cut keys are also very nice , and very secure .
 I just purchased a used 2003 4RUNNER and the truck club fits perfectly . If you 're paranoid like me , the truck club gives you that extra sense of security that your truck wont be stolen -LRB- unless someone really really wants your car -RRB- .
 Just got this new club lock , I had the older one of it . This new one is 3 '' shorter then the old one , and the keys are not round anymore . But still a great lock for are car , or Truck .
 Its a sturdy solid Product , highyl visible to any would-be theif . I have personally sawed one of these with a sawzaw and it took 20 mins or more with a brand new razor sharp blade . I would say if your looking for a little something extra beyond conventional alarms . This sturdy steering wheel anti-theft device is a great buy for the money .
 Being a little olde school , I 'd been looking for this sized `` club '' for a number of years before it occurred to me to check with the source ... Amazon.It 's the right size for a truck and locks itself as you extend it unlike its predecessors . I chose free shipping and had it in five days .
 Amazon delivered ! Both the item I ordered and on time ! Amazing ! Finally a business that follows thru on their advertising AND promises . Great service.As a side note , do not go to the Rio Grand Valley driving a late 1990 's to mid 2000 's GM product pickup -LRB- any and all -RRB- or you will have it stolen in broad daylight - bold as brass !! We were there 2 days when an attempt was made . They can get in and start the truck as fast as you can with a key . GM is the simplest to steal . If we had been 2 minutes slower returning to the truck it would have been GONE ! The Club will make your truck NOT the easiest to steal in the parkinglot .
 I live on the Texas/Mexico border and bought this Club after someone broke in to my 2005 Chevy Silverado and took my stereo . I was lucky that was all they took . This Club is easy to slip onto the steering wheel every time I leave the truck , and is long enough to extend past the stereo and discourage a thief who might want that instead of the whole truck . The Club started to stick after about a year , but a little bit of spray-on grease on the inner rod made the whole thing as good as new again .
 The Club functions well and serves as somewhat of a visible deterrent . Perhaps the &#34; bad guy &#34; will look elsewhere to do his dastardly deed ... lol .
 I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday . He has an older Toyota 4runner , and travels frequently into the city . We had some concerns about the safety of the car , so this seemed like a good idea . So far , so good ! I had thought to just purchase the regular size , but decided instead to purchase the SUV/truck size . I am glad I did . Even if someone gets into the car , there is no way they could steer it because this club is quite long . I recommend the product to anyone with concerns about their vehicles safety , especially older cars -LRB- which seem to be easier to break into -RRB- .
 We use this on a 2000 Toyota Tacoma , and it is just the right size . Not too long or too short . The original sized club was too short but would probably work anyway . I ca n't see driving any vehicle with a foot of bar sticking out the side of the steering wheel.This is mostly a deterrent for the amateur car thief/joy-rider as a pro would know how to defeat it .
 Very , very nice product . I 've got nothing negative to say about the way it works or whether I think it would slow a thief down . Very heavy duty , easy to install and remove and uses a key the likes of which I 've never seen before - the key is just totally unique.The coating on the product is a bit stinky and had my truck smelling odd for awhile but that seems to be diminishing - or I 'm just getting used to the stink = 8 - -RRB- . When I 'm ready to drive I remove it and set it on the floorboard of the back seat . The club will usually rattle from vibration while driving . I end up jacking with it until the rattling stops ... while driving . Just sayin.These are some pretty small nits but FYI for you.I 'm glad I have it and would buy it again .
 This is very easy to put on and take off , added security against theft of my truck.Nice red color is easy to see through window .
 Works well on my pathfinder . Super quick to take on and off . I like that I can get into my truck first then while seated can take it off . Only things to note is that it 's quite heavy and that when you pick it up to put it on keep the pull out end upwards or else it will slide out and you will have to use your key to unlock and shorten . A bit of a pain in the rear until you get used to it . Love the fact that you can lock it to your wheel without using the key .
 The club works just as advertised . Easy to put on and take off . It is large and can be seen easily through the side window of my truck . Worth the money to get the larger `` truck '' size .
 Absolutely THE BEST . We love this product on our Land Cruisers . Thank you .
 The lock is easy to put on and to take off . Great product . I still have my truck !
 I bought this to replace a older version of the same item , after the last key for it broke . This newer version came with three keys and works as advertised . Unlike the older version , the key only has one position in which the key may be removed . When not in use , the end extends and can come out , but it is not able to be pushed back in unless the key is used .
 I 'm overall very pleased with the whole transaction . The club 's themselves were a great buy ! The shipping was prompt . I 'll shop here again !!
 I have always used Clubs and I decided to get a new one for my new car . I really like the smoothness of the way the key goes into the lock on this Club . The Club seems to be a good fit for me !
 i bought these shocks because i can adjust the ride from hard to soft and it works ! i love these shocks and i still have them on my car . they made a complete difference in my car making the ride better . would recommend to any one with a honda/acura
 OK - I see that these bulbs are getting bashed over on the hi-beams version , but a couple of reviewers apparently did n't bother to read the product specs . They are n't designed to `` look blue '' in use . The very visible blue coating on the bulb is designed to capture the yellowish band and raise the color temperature - it does this extremely well . I replaced my stock bulbs with these and was amazed how yellow my brights were compared to the whiteness of these . My night visibility is dramatically improved as well , as these bulbs can fairly described as quite bright . Tuners and kids who want to show off might find them inadequate , but they will be an upgrade for everyone else . The price makes them a real bargain too . I wore gloves installing them -LRB- skin oils degrade the bulbs -RRB- , so hopefully bulb life is another plus . Will update if not the case .
 I switched over to these cool blue lights from those drab yellowish stock lights for my car . These are just wonderful . they are n't `` blue '' they are a very clean bright white and they really do improve your vision at night , be sure to buy Low-beams and high beams , do n't drive around with only one of them replaced , that will just look goofy .
 The price was good , received them on time -LRB- 2 days with Prime -RRB- . I have read reviews that these were as bright as xenon HID headlights . That is a joke . We have had xenon HID headlights on 5 cars and these are no where near as bright . However , they were brighter than the oroginal lights on my 5 year old BMW Z3 so I definitely would recommend them as replacements .
 After being disapointed with the brightness of the halogens that came with my new vehicle I wanted to upgrade . These lights are definately brighter and whiter than my OEM halogens . Unlike Silverstars which burn out after a couple of months , these have lasted longer than expected . A very nice improvement to OEM halogens in brightness and color .
 The lights on my truck had stopped working so it was time to replace them . These did the trick nicely .
 I installed a set of the Silverstar Ultra 's a while back . I liked them , big , big improvement over OEM , but , as you may know , they 're expensive and they have a limited life . Sure enough , after about 4 months one went out . Dammit . I saw someone 's do-it-yourself online headlamp comparison and it appeared these Cool Blue 's were about the same for considerably less . The Ultra 's will run you about 25 bucks each retail , I was n't in a hurry to shell out the money for another one so I replaced it with a Cool Blue for a lot less and , frankly , if anything , the Cool Blue may even be a bit brighter ! I think that brightness for the buck , these are a good deal . Until I find something that works better for about the same price I 'm going to stand behind these - better yet , I 'm going to drive behind them ... and see where I 'm going . BTW , no , they are not really `` blue '' in color , nor do you want them to be . Why do you want to look like another one of those pea-brained , gearhead wannabe 's ?
 I did n't read the description closely , so I was surprised that the gage is very hefty , could use it in crime enforcement or a baton in a marching band . I bought two . Go figure . Very nice gage and just what I wanted , only more .
 Solid , durable and made in the USA , I believe that this is the `` gold standard '' for tire gauges . This model is often found in professional use at truck stops and other vehicle fueling facilities . This gauge is particularly useful for accurately measuring my high-pressure motorhome and bike tires . I 'm not convinced that digital gauges are better or more accurate and they certainly are not as durable . This one , of course , does not require a battery .
 It takes the measurement very precise in my Class A RV which uses tires at 95 PSI.The readings are very precise when I compared them with another digital gauge I have .
 This is a great product . It is accurate -LRB- at least as accurate as I can compare with what I have -RRB- , it is well made sturdy , and best of all , it is MADE IN USA . If we want to fix our economy in this country , we need to seek and purchase Made in USA products . China is n't doing anything positive for this country , let 's stop rewarding them , and help American companies .
 I use this gauge primarily for checking the tires on my motorhome . Dual wheels and 100psi make such a gauge necessary . For my auto a smaller gauge with finer graduations -LRB- 1 pound incrememts -RRB- is more precise but occasionally if I have the Milton in my hand is use it on the car . It is a fine instrument and will probably give several lifetimes of use.I also have a Milton dual foot inflator with a built in gauge . The gauge on that unit reads about 4-5 pounds off so I use it for inflating to an approximate level then finish off with the S976 .
 Use the gauge to check the tires on my RV . I have to flip between push and pull when testing the rear tires . It 's a nice solid professional tool . I check the RV tires and the Jeep toad each morning while traveling . If you want a good/best tire gauge get this one .
 The Milton S976 is a high quality , heavy duty , accurate gauge made for industrial quality tire service use . This is a strong American tool designed to see many years of heavy use . If you 've ever been in a truck shop , you 've more than likely seen one of these S976 gauges . They 're easy to spot , reliable , and have an attached ring that makes hanging them up out of the way easy after use . If you drive an 18-wheeler , or run rubber-tired heavy construction equipment , this is one gauge you should have . The length of it makes it easier to reach tire valve stems , and to handle taking a pressure reading on them . It 's long and hefty , but it does n't take the place of a tire thumper or cheater bar -LRB- which do make good weapons -RRB- for `` thumping '' tires for the right sound and feel from correctly aired tires.It is made to take abuse , but deliberately abusing it will destroy its accuracy and how well it works . On the other hand , it still makes every pocket gauge look like a wimpy toy by comparison . It 's this model , with its angled head , that I 've always found most useful with the majority of air valves . But , there are some applications where theMilton S986 Service Gauge - Straight Foot Dual Head Chuckstraight style head can be easier to use . Both gauges are the same other than the angle of the valve head.It has 2 PSI graduations and registers from 10 to 160 PSI , and I 've always found its accuracy to be very close , or certainly close enough to prevent damage to any of my tires . It has a chromed brass gauge tube that holds up well through years of use . The valve head ends hold up equally as well.Here 's a little technical note - Gauge readings on all gauges become less accurate when the gauge is used at over three quarters of its indications . -LSB- 160 PSI X .75 = 120 PSI -RSB- Hence , a gauge with scale markings to 160 PSI offers most accurate readings at and below 120 PSI . 120 PSI just happens to be the proper inflation for the tires on most heavy commercial trucks . Gauges are most accurate in their mid operating range . While this gauge will measure 10 PSI to 160 PSI , it is most accurate in the 40 PSI to 120 PSI range - and extremely accurate in this range.Here 's what Milton says about the S976 on its packaging . `` You will shorten the service life of your gauge : if you drop it into the water bucket.if you use it to check liquid filled tires.if you bend , dent or smash it.NOTE
 I finally was able to buy a heavy duty brass guage . I checked it against a calibration standard at work and it was dead on .
 With motor homes -LRB- and trucks -RRB- that have dual wheels it is critical that tire pressures be kept equal and at the proper psi . The Milton S976 is the most accurate gauge I have ever used . Its dual head is small enough to fit into the ports in the stainless wheel covers and makes it easy to reach the stem of the inside tire . You might pay a lot more for a gauge but you ca n't get anything better . The only down side is the size and weight . You wo n't be carrying it around in your shirt pocket .
 It is heavy duty and works great . It is larger than most glove boxes . I keep mine in the behind the seat mesh pocket . Do n't waste your time with cheap little gauges . This is the last tire gauge you will ever need to buy . Mine says `` Made in the USA '' . You ca n't get much better than that .
 This tire gauge is super accurate . The product is very well made and reasonably priced . I had been looking for truck tire pressure gauge for a year but could only find crappy Chinese made products that cost more than this American made one . I highly recommend this gauge .
 This Service Tire Gauge is made of high quality steel for long lasting use . Most important , it is Made in USA .
 After suffering the immediate failure of a Big Box auto parts store Chinese imitation , I bought the real deal . It 's quality is apparent the minute you open the package and heft the tool -LRB- not toy -RRB- in your hand . Spend the money America , buy American Made quality .
 Meets all expectations and then some . Solid built , works flawlessly . Well worth the small amount I paid . Works perfect for large truck tires , etc. .
 I like this product because it is so very accurate and good quality and a good price . Arrived onn time too .
 Milton is the only air pressure gauge I trust for high pressure applications . My motorhome steer tires require 120psi and every inexpensive gauge has failed to properly inflate the tire . The Milton has been crossed checked by several commercial sources and always comes in + / - 1 pound . My last Milton lasted 16 years so the cost spread over the life makes it a good investment . The larger size also makes it a lot easier to use and a lot harder to loose !
 I just bought this newer version of The Club to help protect my airbag , which was recently stolen from my new vehicle . The old one was very difficult to manuveur over the airbag section of the steering wheel without scratching it up . This one fits very nicely and is applied very easily . It also has 4 prongs instead of 2 , which would take a thief more time to remove . I 'm not saying that my airbag -LRB- or vehicle -RRB- is thief proof , but The Club does act as a deterrent .
 I like this because you can see it very well from outside the vehicle . It will deter the ` opportunistic ' thief . If someone really wants your car , they will get it no matter what , but this provides a simple level of security . I would recommend this .
 this is so cute i had one a while back but it blew the door fuses in my old pos achieva oldsmobilw -LRB- -LRB- dont ask me how/why -RRB- -RRB- but now i have a ford focus and it looks so cute and works fine
 Shipping was fast . Used the measuring chart and the helmet fits perfectly . This is my go to helmet , I have three and I love this one and the fact that it 's Pink . I 'm always being asked where I got it . I do n't dare leave it on my motorcycle for fear it will be stolen ; it 's so sought after . Fits comfortably and nice amount of padding . Lightweight . If it becomes available again , I 'll buy another . I love the color , I think it makes me very visable and that 's a good thing when you 're on a m/c .
 Product was shipped timely and size appropriate . Just as picutred . Girlfriend loved it . DOT approved . Now my helment wo n't fall off her head doing 70 ... not good
 I have used this gauge for a year now , and I have confidence in it . While I agree with the other reviewer that it is plastic and does feel like it would crack if dropped , I find it accurate and reliable . While I ca n't exactly test its accuracy , I can tell you that I get consistant results . The needle goes quickly and firmly to the appropriate reading , and does n't jump around . My advice is not to drop it , but even if was housed in a steel cage , an avid car enthusiast would be careful not to drop it either way .
 I first came across Milton gauges while serving in the military . I have nothing but admiration for the company . best and most accurate i have ever used .
 I believe this is accurate as it reads exactly the same as my milton professional inflator . Made in USA , it is well made and not expensive for a product that should last . I am really tired of replaceing cheap junk that fails at inconvienent times . There are more expensive units but this Is excellent . You push it on the valve , remove it and you can look at the gauge as it holds the pressure untill you push the release button .
 First let me say that I have no way of testing the accuracy of the guage . When I got it -LRB- based on the reputation of the company -RRB- I made the assumption that it was completely accurate.I found it very easy to use . Even though the head does not swivel , it was very forgiving with the angle the head made contact with the valve stem - so I got a good read every time I tested and it did n't seem that it had to make perfectly 90 degree contact . -LCB- some of the others that I have used were very fussy in making perfect 90 degree contact between the valve stem and the head of the guage -RCB- . Since the head does not swivel , you ca n't always see the face of the guage when you test , but the dial has a solid hold on it . It also takes a &#34; deliberate &#34; press on the hold release button to release the dial.The stem and mechanics have a good heafty feel to them , you can tell it is solid.The only thing that I was not thrilled with -LRB- and the reason I did not give it 5 stars -RRB- is that the round dial housing is made out of plastic and it has a light almost chincy feel to it compared to the rest of the guage.After just 2 weeks of ownership , So far no complaints .
 First of all Made in USA . Been looking for a quality product that last a long time and can read tire pressure from 0-60psi . This one was accurate and perfect.I use a cheap Made in China air gauge before . It was bad because the reading were off by 5psi . When I inflated to 35psi , it was actually 40psi when checking it again with my milton gauge.This product is accurate .
 Unlike other tire gauges , this one allows me to get the tire pressure very easily . It saves me lot of time to get the tire pressure . I 'm very satisfied with this tire gauge . I do n't hesitate to recommend it to you .
 I 've tried several different tire gauges and took them right back to the local retailer . After my son in law requested a milton tire gauge for Christmas I ordered one for him and one for myself . They are a quality tire gauge . I recommend the Milton S902 gauge for anyone that wants an accurate and well made tire gauge .
 This air gauge is pretty good . Much more accurate than the gauge on my compressor . I 'll overfill and then use the Milton air gauge to dial it back down . Sometimes it is hard to get the gauge to reset to zero . If it was n't for that mechanical issue , I 'd rate it five stars . It is a PITA to be fiddling with this thing when its 10 * F and windy and you 're trying to get the tires filled right .
 What I like about it was it will hole the reading till you push a button and let out the air
 I bought two of these to install on my O1 Gt Mustang and they sound nothing but sick !! The rumble is simply amazing yet still quiet when cruising and price was right !! Will definitely recommend !!
 I got this for my '07 Jeep JK , 3.8 L V6 and it sounds awesome now ! I ran all around the baja and drove 2 days back up to Monterey . You can hear it in the cabin of the jeep , but it 's not bad at all . I even had passengers in the back the whole way and they thought it was just fine . Get it and you 'll be happy .
 We have been using these chocks for about 6 months and have had a wonderful experience w / them ! We have a 32 ' travel trailer and usually take our 2 -LRB- 80 #ea -RRB- energetic labs with us - so I 'm looking for any and all ways to keep from feeling like I 'm bouncing down the freeway during my morning cup of coffee . I realize it 's still a box on a flexible frame , but these chocks added a noticeable increase in stability over the cheap plastic ones you kick under the tire . And I ca n't praise their ease-of-use enough ! Just 5 mins plopped on the ground in front of the tires w / a wrench and they 're good to go ! I 'm not an expert but I believe I 'm putting them in there nice and tight -LRB- I certainly hear a bit of protesting when I lock them in -RRB- . I highly recommend them !
 This is very easy to install and remove ... Keep one key in the glove box and one one your key chain and you 'll never have an uhh-oooh moment .
 These gears belong to my 4.9 L 300ci Ford longblock . They are a lot louder -LRB- due to vibration -RRB- than the fiber gear . But , they will not strip like the fiber gear . Overall a beautiful gear . Thanks .
 Fantastic product . It makes a great night light to see the dash and console trays containing items . I wish I had found this item years ago .
 These give off a pretty nice light but I was thinking they would be more noticably blue or at least really white . They are a bit pricier than other bulbs so I do n't know if I 'd buy them again . But , they still light up the road well so I ca n't complain too much .
 Great Lights But they are NOT Cool blue more like a Super bright white but i prefer them over the stock ones ! Package took 3 day to get to my footsteps .
 Nice for replacing OEM yellow lamps . These lamps are very white , much whiter than the Sylvania Xtravision which i bought but replaced with cool blue . But not so bright that your blinding oncoming traffic which is important .
 the lights have subtle blue color and dont look tacky.the only problem is that I think sylvania is not makeing them anymore . but im not positive on that . overall they look great
 these bulbs did exactly what they are intended to do . i can see clearer at nights now . i had 35watts bulbs before so these 55watts are better and in my opinion worth the buy . i am just watching the wires and plug to ensure that the extra watts are not too much to cause over heating ... hope this helps
 Connected this to my new riding mower . I just used zip ties to attach it to a plate under the hood of the mower rather than cutting a whole to mount it -LRB- which I may do later -RRB- . Connecting it was as simple as grounding it to a bolt that was near by and connecting the positive wire to a hot lead on the ignition switch with a tap . About 5.5 hours on it so far and seems to hold up well .
 My husband wanted to know how long the camper 12 volt refridgerator ran for a 24 hour period . This worked . He also wanted to know how long the deisel furnace ran in a 24 hour period when it was between 25 and 32 degrees outside . This worked . First he just cut the wire and put them in temporarily . He liked the output so much he has drilled holes and permanently installed the two hour meters . Bottomline is they work .
 Install this hour meter on my boat . Drill hole in dash for a very good look . Meter works very good .
 I ordered this hour meter because it would fit the 2 inch hole in the dash of my John Deere 314 tractor , and I wanted one that does n't have a noticible clicking noise when the tractor is turned on , I also didnot want the type that wraps a wire around the spark plug wire but did want one with a simple ground wireand a hot wire to attached to the ignition wiring . The `` first '' hour meter arrived in 7 days and did notwork at all . Very disappointed ! I called the Sunpro manufacturing Company and they said to contact Amazonfirst . I never had to return anything before , so I had to do some homework on the exchange policy . I sentit back to Amazon . Three days later a had a 2nd hour meter on my door step , and this one works great andkeeps accurate track of time on my Garden Tractor . I am very pleased with this meter and the fast shippingof Amazon to get it to me so fast ! I did not give it 5 stars because the first one did not work , ... and Ithought the plastic clip used to snug the gauge up tight to the dash could have been better made !
 Have installed this hour meter on a diesel powered pumping unit . Mounting seems a little flimsy , all plastic , for the vibration that it will be subjected to . Time will tell . My last unit failed before 1000 hrs were completed .
 The product is not described as well as it could be . The triangles come in a set of three per box . The triangles fold up and the box has a handle for easy carrying . The triangles themselves are of excellent quality . One of the carrying boxes was broken badly upon arrival . The boxes are a cheap plastic , but thats not an issue with me . Excellent value in my opinion .
 I decided to get these triangles instead of carrying flares in case I break down . The case is good at keeping things contained , and looks like it will last . The triangles are easy to snap into place for usage . They do have some heft in order to ensure that they do n't blow away in winds up to 40 mph -LRB- according to the label -RRB- . I believe that these will be effective if I ever need them , but it would have been nice to include guidance for placement when using them , but I easily looked that up online -LRB- the rules may vary by state , but everything I saw was similar -RRB- . I feel that I have what I need to adequately warn oncoming vehicles of my location if I ever need to do so .
 Really liked the way these packed into the small , convenient box - does n't take up too much room in the trunk .
 took a long time to receive it , the product is what it is . it took four weeks to receive it so order it early if you need it .
 My parents love to camp so I got this as a gift for my dad . The weekend after I gave it to him , one of the tires on the camper blew out and he had to use these . He loved them and were a great help !
 What a great product , price , and description . I had reservations this would fit but it fit like a charm . Would highly recommend this vendor again .
 this muffler has a nice deep rumble , I have n't had it at redline yet because i just got my transmission rebuilt with a shift kit upgrade-but its &#34; deeper &#34; then my corsa exhaust system that use to be on my ss ... does it scream at redline ??? i have another 700 miles before i can really beat on it .
 i got a 98 gmc sierra 4.3 v6 with the 3 inch tail all the way this has a deep rumble sounds like a v8 with duals !!! nobody thinks its a 6 lol
 This is a good vacuum at a cheap price , supplied by True Value through Amazon.com . According to the manual it does n't come with four different suction tools like it shows you in the picture . It only comes with three , the longer crevice tool , the carpet tool , and the upholstery brush . And I am not sure what that pin is for but it is not in there either . I will try to sumbit the manual.What it does come with is a 12 volt DC cord , as well as an AC cord . They actually did not send my DC cord so I e-mailed True Value . They sent me one special delivery the next day free of charge!The suctioning ability is pretty good . It picks up larger particles very well . It is also good at picking up dust and animal hair . I am giving it four stars because the battery does n't last more than 5 minutes before it needs recharging.Some other good thing about the vac are the inflator nozzles so that it can be used to inflate an air mattress if you go on a camping trip . It also picks up water and wet things and it does not require vaccuum bags . So for the price it is a bargain .
 I had been looking for a small `` shop-vac '' type portable vacuum for months . I have my huge shop-vac in the garage , but it was such a pain to carry to the basement to use . My wife did n't want me using our regular upright vacuum to pick up saw-dust and dirt , and i did n't think the Dustbuster type vacs had enough storage or suction . So i decided i needed a small -LRB- 1-2 gallon -RRB- shop-vac that i could carry in the house quickly if need be . All the ones all saw previously were corded and I thought that would be a pain , then i just happened to come across this at my local Big Lots store for $ 20 . I bought it immediately . The vac comes with alot of attachments and a shoulder strap -LRB- even though it 's not very heavy -RRB- . The suction is pretty good for what I need it to do . The battery is descent . Not sure how long it would last in continuous use , but i just turn it on and off for 30 seconds of use or so and I 'm guessing it lasts about 25-30 minutes between charges . My only gripe is the hose is much too rigid and it does n't have fittings on each end that allow it to rotate as you use it . Also , it has 2 suction settings . I do n't see where the reduced power mode has any use and leave mine on high suction all the time . I have n't used it as a blower yet , but i 'm guessing -LRB- based on the suction power -RRB- that you 're not going to be able to blow leaves very far . Seems like it would work well to inflate childrens tools such as beachballs and baby pools well though . All in all , this is exactly what i was looking for at exactly the price i wanted to pay . Make the hose more flexible and maybe add a bit more suction and everyone in America will buy one . UPDATE !!! Battery died completely after about 2 yrs and is not replaceable . Switched to a Ryobi vac with the 18V battery pack so when a battery dies , you just use a different one .
 After having my vacation trailer broken into and vandalized , among other repairs I needed to replace the original Duo-Therm heat-only wall thermostat for my 12-volt-powered forced air heater . The original Duo-Therm unit was no longer available -LRB- trailer is 33 years old -RRB- , but this one was very low priced , VERY easy to install in a few minutes -LRB- comes with complete installation instructions -RRB- , and worked great as a replacement .
 Drain plug was stripped by the previous owner of my TRX300 . This new plug took 5 minutes to install and worked great .
 I AM GLAD I ORDERED THIS ITEM , I DID N'T EXPECT THIS TO BE BETTER THAN WHAT I 'VE SEEN BEFORE . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY
 A combination of looking to save some $ $ , and horror stories of shops using the wrong oils causes me to do all my oil changes myself . My 2002 Audi A4 1.8 T requires this relatively large filter and amazon has a great price and quick shipping for my lack of sufficient foresight . I combine this with Mobil 1 synthetic oil and my car has been running great . For others with Audi 's / VW 's 1.8 T , Mobil 1 0W40 is one of the approved oils and after significant research 5k miles seems to be the required change interval per a revised service bulletin , although the dash reminder says 10k .
 I have used this as a replacement filter for each 5000 mi -LRB- 7500 km -RRB- oil change in my 2004 and 2007 Toyota Prius . It has a larger capacity than the standard filter , yet does not take up more space . I purchase them in bulk -LRB- 10 or 20 at a time -RRB- through Amazon and keep them on hand . Also works with our Toyota Echo -LRB- same ICE -RRB- .
 I change my oil every 3k and with this filter I stretched out to 5k and the oil was still just a bit darker than when I put it in .
 I bought these on sale for $ 8 each.I had read that these were a good extended service filter and wanted to try them out.Yet they were $ 12 - $ 15 each in stores so when Amazon had a sale on them for $ 8 I bought 2 . They weight much more then the Purolator Pure One oil filters , which are a fine filter . And these havesynthetic filter materials and are rated for 3x the life that Pure Ones are . I do use synthetic motor oil andwas wanting to get an extended mileage filter . I believe these will work just fine .
 I love this jacket . I have used it in the winter and summer . It is warm at 40 degrees and with the liner removed very cool in the summer . Air passes right thru . I get sweaty a bit were the back pads are but its really comfortable and I dont notice I was sweating untill I take it off . The elbow pads do slide down every time you take it off but stay in place while riding . I removed them from there pockets . I havent noticed any neck buffeting like some of the others . I have a R1 street bike and a dual sport with no windscreen . I wear a large T shirt and ordered the large with a great fit .
 Son just got his license and his first car . . perfect for first set and helps this Mom relax ... three more words
 The bag that came was much smaller than I thought it would be . However , it came with the basics that I need for an upcoming road trip , It is small and compact which is nice . I guess in my mind I was just picturing something larger , with a little more heavy duty jumper cables . The help sign is just a piece of plastic comparable to think plastic wrap . But it will do .
 For the price , it is a very good value . There is velcro on the bottom of the bag , so it mounts easily to the side of your trunk . The first aid kit is just some band aids and antiseptic pads , so you will probably want to add some more first aid supplies .
 This kit will be OK for 90 % of roadside emergencies . The jumper cables are thin , but they arent intended for everyday use . Other stuff is OK , I supplimented with some extra tools & fixaflat .
 The jumper cables are 8ft tip to tip . It 's not very thick so there is lots of extra space in the bag for extras . It 's better than what I currently have , nothing .
 Purchased to put onboard when riding motorcycle . It has everything except tire slim and air pump . It has a nice carrying bag to hold items to include extra room for additional items . Good choice for the money .
 I have driven the car for 3 months now and the transmission shudder that occured when I had been driving for long periods of time like 3-4 hours has not returned even in desert weather . Nissan Altima 2.5 L
 This is like gold in a bottle . I put this in my 1995 Explorer with 178,000 miles and it now shifts perfectly . My transmission used to clunk , shift erratic , and made tons of noise on the road . This product far exceeded my expectations . I can hear it shift real nicely now . My Explorer used to embarass me when I had clients in it and the transmission would clunk real bad sometimes . I am sold for life on Slick 50 !
 Works great , takes just minutes to install , even if you have never put one on . I got mine for my 2005 Scion Xb , which are low anyways and this hitch gets you closer to the ground . I have n't bottomed out yet but it 's been close . I bought a Propeller hitch cover and it was SO low , I ripped it off and lost it ! one kinda good thing is that you will hit a curb with it , if your backing in and wo n't hit your bumper and scratch it .
 I have 2 Subarus . A Forester and a Legacy GT . The spark plugs are right up against the fender wells and not the easiest to get to by any stretch . This thing makes it a much easier job and no worries about stripping out the threads once they 're in there . It will work with any type of engine though .
 I 've used K&N filters in my cars for years . By the time you buy two or three paper filters you can pay for a lifetime filter and a year 's worth of cleaner and oil for it . In this case this went in my 2009 Buick LaCrosse V6 . Throttle response improved nicely . No change in mileage at all after 2500 miles with the filter . Met my expectations , did n't exceed them .
 why pay $ 200 for midas for installing $ 30 brake pads.These are very quiet , 15 minutes to install per wheel , with no shipping and sales tax , how can you go wrong ?? Wondering when the Feds are going to clamp down and tax all internet sales , here in CA , save 10 % by buying on the internet and amazon .
 I was confident in buying these pads seeing as how my cousin 's Porsche 911 996 has the same ones installed . These did not disappoint ! They have a lot more stopping power over the pads that were on the car . For what it 's worth , the old pads were a bit worn down , but did have some life left in them . The Performance Friction pads stop well when cold and hot . It 's an overall awesome choice . For the price on amazon , it 's a much better deal than retail . There is some dust , but the stopping power far outweighs the brake dust . I 'll definitely buy them for my other cars when the time comes !
 If you have a Ford Mustang , YOU WANT THIS ! I purchased the Eibach 3510.780 Pro-System for my 1989 Mustang GT because I felt my Car had too much ground clearance , and way too much space between the tires and fenders . The Eibach System took care of both problems nicely , and added a bonus of better handling . My car is now lower , looks better , and handles great , this is one of the best purchases made for my Mustang GT to date .
 This suspension kit has made my car look its best . the prune was great and no one was close .
 This is one nicely built tool . I use it on my Accords . Works great . Adapts my Stant cooling system tester right to the radiator neck . Fits nicely into the Stant case as well . This tool will last forever .
 If you are do-it-yourselfer , K&N ; is most convenient -LRB- nut to remove , mark to rotate the last 3/4 turn -RRB- . If you are a racing enthusiast , Mobil can withstand the max pressure -LRB- 615 psi , Bosch 500 psi -RRB- . If you are interested in changing filter as late as possible , Bosch-Distance-Plus -LRB- not other models ! -RRB- holds the max contaminants -LRB- 29.1 g , Mobil - 28g very close -RRB- . If you want max engine protection , Bosch is 99.9 % efficient -LRB- Mobil 99.2 % - very , very close -RRB- . Some reviewer has said that Mobil filters are K&N ; filters on the inside . I disagree . Peeking inside the filter hole -LRB- you can see only the inner drum and hint of filter material -RRB- can not tell an `` expert '' how the filter is constructed on the inside . Why does K&N ; not declare their data -LRB- as Mobil and Bosch Distance-Plus-only do ? -RRB- People who are at the top always boldly publish their data , and do not depend on hype.Yes , previous version of Mobil filters had flow problems . That has been long corrected.Comment Comment | Permalink
 Stop using oem filter because they sometimes were out of the original mitsubishi filter . Took it to the dealer and it fit without any problems . I checked it after a 100km run and it had no leaks.Cannot feel any difference but at least I figured since I was using Mobile 1 10W30 oil that this filter would be a good match.The filter cost 2 dollars less than the oem filter .
 Ordered filters 2 day free shipping . Arrived on time and in perfect condition . Filters are heaver then other filters -LRB- fram , purolator , etc -RRB- . Wonderful material of construction quality . Internals have spring loaded backflow preventer and nicely designed filter media and supports . I 've used so far fram 9688 , microguard to date . In my opinion there is no comparison to Mobil extended guard.Good price for money . I have 06 hyundai sonata 4 cylinder . Would highly recommend filters.Jimelk grove , ca
 I read a great many reviews , tests , and anecdotal reports before choosing an oil filter for my car . I wanted something better than an old-style cellulose filter media . The Mobil 1 EP filter is a hybrid of both synthetic and cellulose media.I have no issues with the Mobil 1 EP filter in my car . I have no valvetrain or other abnormal noise , even at startup.The M1EP has a quality gasket , so it goes in and comes out easily . The can is very solid . This means two things
 I have been using Mobil 1 oil filters in my three cars from the first oil change to the last . One Outback has 136K and is going strong . One Baja has 59 is going strong and our new car a Mitisubsi Outlander Sport is fine .
 I 'm anal and did a LOT of research on oil filters . This is a solid filter -LRB- much thicker walls than other filters -RRB- with a high quality gasket . A bit fatter than the OEM filter makes it easier to grip and turn . I use this and Mobil1 in my cars , and am quite content with the results .
 I use Mobil 1 oil , so I like to use Mobil 1 oil filters also . They are pricey , but I like the peace of mind that comes with it 's one year warranty . This one is for a car engine , but I use it on my motorcycle -- because it is more readily available , and because it is about half the price of the motorcycle-specific one.I like this product , have confidence in it , and I would recommend it to friend .
 Mobile 1 oil filters are the best money can buy . With Amazons 2 pack deal and fast shipping beats the parts store !
 I buy these from Amazon on a regular basis.We had a Toyota Sienna that had an oil gelation problem despite having the car regularly serviced by Toyota . After some persistence on our part Toyota rebuilt the engine on our car -LRB- which only had 38,000 -RRB- miles on it . Toyota said they would only pay for this once and that we needed to switch to using synthetic oil.In researching this online and some well respected mechanics we concluded that we would also use Mobile 1 filters . These filters are designed to filter out a higher percentage of particles than factory or other mainstream 3rd party filters.We have been using these filters on both of our cars with Mobil 1 fully synthetic oil ever since . Our cars now have in excess of 130,000 miles with no issues.loudcloud.us is where we list solutions that we have found to work well for us .
 It ' s the best oil filter you can fund today , especially with new standards about the frequency at which you can change oil .
 It does what it is made to do with high performance . Mobil 1 products is all I use on my Honda S2000 . Mate this with Mobil 1 synthetic for high quality engine performance .
 First one I received was wrong so I called the Shipper and they sent out the right one right away and got it in 4 day shipper was wonderful to work with .
 Well worth the money . Gas mileage went up 2.5 mpg and there is a slightly noticeable increase in power . Easy to install , only took a few minutes .
 I just installed the K&N filter in my 2007 Chevy Uplander . K&N says that tere will be a horse power increase . I do n't feel a noticeable difference . However the main reason why I purchased the filter is because of its long life . If you own a Chevy Uplander , you know that changing the air filter can be a real chore . Therefore I would say that I am happy with the filter and its price . In the long run it is more economical .
 This filter will never see the kind of wear and tear it was designed for . -LRB- I 'm guessing . -RRB- It fit exactly without any problem . This is my second purchase of K & N air filters and while I have n't approached the 100,000 mile warranty that they offer the first has about 20,000 miles on it and it still looks like new.I like these filters because over the life cycle of any vehicle they will save you money in parts . -LRB- If you figure that you check/replace an air filter everytime or every other time you change your oil @ approx 5 to 15 bucks a pop then a total of 60 , for the filter , cleaning supplies and the special spray oil , you will end up saving money by not having to drive for the filters and buying the new filters . so that 's 2 cost saving right there . On top of the claim of better gas mileage . -LRB- which I have not tested . -RRB- So over all you ca n't go wrong with it .
 This Organizer fits perfect between the wheel wells in the hatchback of my '04 Hyundai Accent . This does have an odor to it but it 's not overwhelming and the odor stays in the hatchback . Not a big deal . It goes away in time .
 The organizer fits in the rear space of our BMW sportwagon very nicely . the adjustable spaces in the organizer are easy to configure , and stand up well to varying loads . good product , but a little pricey .
 I bought this to organize my trunk space and it is well worth my purchase .
 just received my organizer today ... i 'm airing it out now ... yes , it does have a bit of an odor , which i am sure will disappear ... it feels very sturdy , yet folds down in seconds ... i highly recommend it ... it 's the perfect size for the back of my suv .
 Very pleased with this product -- very easy to use , the dividers offer a huge amount of flexibility , stays put in the car -LRB- no sliding around whatsoever -RRB- . Opens and closes quickly . Well-made . I did not have any odor problem at all , as some of the other reviewers noted . Highly recommend , and would absolutly buy it again .
 This is a well built organizer with a heavy bottom that will keep it secure to the floor of any SUV . The dividers are easily adjustable and the unit will hold more than you would expect . I am also impressed with the build quality and detail . This does not look like an inexpensive piece . It was not the lowest cost option , but overall I am very satisfied .
 Just bought this item to organize the sport gear in the trunk of my car .4 sections that can be adjusted in size . Had it in the car in under 5 minutes.No nasty smells - maybe they read the other reviews and fixed it : -RRB-
 This product was fantastic . I have the 2008 Toyota Highlander . As a construction manager I carry various hard hats , construction shoes , tape measures , etc. . This product handles those items and keeps my vehicle looking neat . I read some of the reviews about the strong odor , and it was not as bad as I thought it would be . I placed it on my deck over night and that took care of it . I would highly recommend this organizer . The cost is reasonable and it is quite flexible .
 After reading the other reviews about this product , I was concerned that it would have a strong odor . It does not . I put it in my SUV last night and could not detect any odor in the vehicle this morning . The divider panels are easy to insert and remove and appear to stay in place quite well . It holds an adequate amount of cargo and the rigid gripper base keeps it in place very well . Definitely worth the price .
 I never noticed any unusual odor . This product is rugged , functional , and looks great -LRB- in a sporty utilitarian sort of way -RRB- . I use it in a 2007 Lincoln Town Car that has a shallow shelf space in the back of the trunk right beneath the rear window . It fits up there as if it was designed for the car . The lining in my trunk is kind of like thin carpet , and this organizer totally stays put -- no sliding at all . The price is on the high side but the design and manufacturing quality are great . I 'm 100 % satisfied with my purchase .
 Although a bit on the more expensive side of trunk organizers , the Rola 59001 has been a good purchase . I was worried about the odors others reported , but mine came almost completely free of any unpleasant smells.The dividers could be more solid , and the product could be a bit cheaper , but otherwise it 's great to keep things organized in your car -LRB- jumper cables , first aid kit , fire extinguisher , snow shovel , wiper fluid , etc -RRB- .
 I just received it and fits perfectly in the back of my Range Rover Sport . Range Rover part 's department offers a similar product but it is smaller and is priced at $ 130 ! I do n't know when the other reviews about the smell were posted , but either I have no olfactory senses or they 've fixed the chemical/petroleum smell some people complained about . Right out of the box it just smelled new and never noticed any odors in my car after I put it in the back . It 's adjustable , relatively light weight but solid and does n't slide around . Could n't recommend it more highly for price and quality .
 Originally I thought this might have been an overpriced product so I ignored it . Then I saw a friend of mine had bought one and I noticed how well built this product is . I have a Ford escape and this fits perfectly in the very back up against the back seat . I had been looking for well over a year for a product that would hold all the stuff in my car that always rolled around - I wish I had found this sooner . Worth the money , I expect this to last 20 + years based on the quality .
 We wanted a grocery bag organizer for the back of our 2012 Prius . This is nice because it can push in towards the back of the trunk area -LRB- between the wheel wells -RRB- and then it does n't block access to the cubbie underneath , where we store the grocery bags.I know some other reviews complained about smell . In our case , there was no noticeable smell.Our only complaint is with amazon -- the product came triple boxed ! It had its own box which was inside a normal cardboard box . It should have been shipped like that . But then amazon put it inside an even bigger box before it shipped it to us . Very wasteful .
 This is a perfect size trunk organizer for a compact hatchback car , although all the photos are of big SUV 's . I have a new car with twin bucket seats in the back with a hatchback . This makes it easy to haul larger items because it 's simple to put the seats down . The drawback is that there 's a little space between the bucket seats that allows things to travel from the trunk area forward . I was surprised by a small watermelon hitting me in the elbow after rolling all the way forward from the trunk.Enough about the car - this trunk organizer is great ! It has adjustable compartments that are held in place by velcro . It 's collapsible , so you can lay things on top of it . It has handles so you can carry it easily , although it 's pretty heavy , even when empty . I think the ability to carry it out of the car fully loaded is important to allow access to things like the spare tire , etc. . The organizer also stays wherever you put it and does n't slide on carpet.My organizer is always partially full with reusable grocery bags and emergency essentials
 good quality , adjustable , only complaint is a lack of straps to hold it in place -LRB- and a lack of places to hook them to -RRB- otherwise it is quite good
 The trunk of our car is very big , so keeping groceries from falling all over the place , we needed this.Heavy enough to stay in place by itself . It seems to be well stitched and made to last . Velcro allows you to set the dividers where you want . It can be folded down/clipped shut , but we leave it up most of the time.Be sure to measure your trunk interior before purchasing . This can be slid to the front or rear of our trunk , not all car trunks are the same . Original cardboard package is wrapped in plain heavy cardboard for shipment . Arrived within estimated delivery date.Very happy with purchase .
 After purchasing my first SUV , I realized that the huge cargo area could swallow large items , but left my smaller items sliding around and making noise as I drove . After careful measurement , I chose the 38 '' x 15 '' Rola because it fit just right . Be sure you have enough room because the rigid base is unforgiving and wo n't give an inch if you do n't have it . That being said , it is very sturdy , collapes very flat and stays that way with two sturdy buckles . I love the moveable partitions which can be used 1 , 2 or all 3 at a time or none at all . the handles tuck neatly inside , but allow you to lift even heavy loads out of the vehicle to make room for the big items you need to find room for . For those who complained about a strong odor , perhaps this was an early production issue or a hot weather problem because straight out of the packaging , mine was stink free .
 very good deal , great thing to have in the trunk ... . I dont exactly know what people mean that is smells bad . the one i have i actually odor free , solid product , , , worth having
 I puchased the Ridged Base Organizer for my dauther . She is a teacher and she needed something to carry her papers , books , and projects . She said that it was a lot better that using boxes or milk crates . She could us a second one for use in school .
 The handles , dividers and being able to fold flat are real nice features . Kind of pricey compared to others but was exactly what she wanted for Christmas .
 but not THAT smelly . after reading a few other reviews i expected this thing to be horribly smelly out of the box . it does have a lite smell to it , but not that bad . i have it airing out in the garage right now after receiving it this morning . after being out in the open air for around 8 or so hours i can smell it , but not that bad . maybe they fixed the smell issue ? we shall see.as others have said this is a great product . very very stout . great construction , collapses down great , the dividers are adjustable . for 50 bucks i think this is a great storage solution . * UPDATE * after it has sit in the garage a couple of weeks any smell it had is completely long gone . if you are scared away due to any possible smell dont sweat it .
 Really love this product . We were afraid of some of the previous reviews that talk about the horrible odor of this product . It does not have a bad odor . It is very well made and works great !
 This has really been help storing items in my hatchback SUV . My groceries no longer roll around and any other items stay nice and neat ! It is light enough to take out whenever needed , but sturdy enought to hold up and stay in place .
 This is a well made cargo container and fits great in my Mercedes ML -LRB- the 59001 - the longer one -RRB- . It 's heavy enough and does not move around . Fits a lot of stuff , and fold nicely when not used . For fifty seven dollars it was a great buy . It may now be seventy seven .
 We bought this item to use in the back of our Corvette as everything slides around without a storage bin . I like this one as it collapses flat easily - and opens up and stay erect without any problems . You can adjust the size of the compartments easily - and the non-skid bottom is the best feature . I 'd highly recommend this product .
 Product is great ! It came in box completely flat and all zippered up . When `` popped '' up , the dividers can be completely customized and moved around . The dividers stay in place very well once set . Lots of storage space and definitely cleaned up my trunk as I 'm OCD and I insist on having a bunch of crap in my trunk for convenience and just in case its ever needed . Currently , it is storing a rolled up sleeping bag , an air compressor , jumper cables , various cleaning supply bottles , two towels , ice scrapers , and two sets of gloves . It has n't moved an inch since its been placed and nothing has fallen or rolled out . I have never owned one of these trunk organizers before , but I think I will always use one now based on my experience with this one . This size fits a 2011 camaro trunk perfect .
 Recently purchased a Honda CR-V 2011 and it fits perfect.I was originally going to get the Honda cargo organizer that was meant for the Odyssey but I wanted something I could fold and move out of the way when needed.First off , there is no horrible tar smell . It does have a faint smell but I imagine the previous complaints were due to extreme heat exposure while in storage/transit . Either that or the material was freshly made.As far as setup goes , it 's easy and the 3 dividers create 4 spots . I 'm not sure why they put the straps for the handles in the organizer instead of out , but the rubber grip is easy to move out if needed . Also the hand grips will come in handy for bbq/picnics if we just need to pull everything out.Fairly sturdy and plenty of floor traction even when not loaded up.I 'm giving this 4.5 stars as I think the partitions are a bit flimsy .
 I purchased one of these organizers for my Jeep Cherokee and I ended up buying another one because 2 can easily fit in the storage area . They are built well - nice seams and good netting/mesh/velcro , etc. . Also , the whole thing breaks down flat so you can put larger objects on top of it . Overall , these organizers are very useful - no more groceries flying everywhere !
 This thing is great . No more items flying around in the trunk!It stays put and holds items very well . It is also very easy to fold flat and to change sizes of compartments.It wo n't hold every bag if you do a big shopping trip -LRB- like 10 bags or more -RRB- , but you can put the unit in the middle of the trunk and place larger items between the base organizer and the trunk wall and it will stop things from flying all over the place . I put it about 1 foot away from the rear of the trunk . This allows me to load up all the small stuff in the organizer and put bigger boxes in between the organizer and the rear of trunk.Much , much better than cheap plastic units . You get what you pay for !
 When we bought a new car the trunk was especially big . I would load bags of groceries in it with plenty of room left over . By the time I got home all my groceries were strewn all over the trunk . This organizer is wonderful . It not only keeps my groceries from rolling around , it folds up flat when you are not using it . The bottom is weighted so it is very stable . It is exactly what I needed .
 Very sturdy , fits well in the back of my jeep . I like that it folds down and that the compartments are adjustable . Some of the reviews mentioned a bad smell but mine does not have one !
 The best interior organizer made so far . Good quality and very versitle . Folds down completely flat when not needed . Purcahsed for a new Toyota Highlander .
 Before Rola organizer : Sharp right turn then left ... damn , there goes all the groceries in the trunk mixed up with my jumper cables , cleaning products and gym clothes.After Rola organizer : Same sharp right and left turn ... no toss salad in the truck!As other reviewers have commented , this product is well built but pricey . I like the rubber grip at the bottom which prevents it from sliding back and forth - keeping it in place.I bought two ... a large one for SUV and small one for car . Both fits great!Good job , Rola !
 This organizer is perfect for our uses . This can be quickly folded down flat with one hand if necessary . We love the large size and the ability to adjust the dividers to any location . We have 2 of these now , one in a Charger and one in our jeep . We can easily fit a weeks worth of groceries in this thing and it holds items secure while we drive the back curvy roads . I will probably be purchasing another one for family gifts .
 We bought this product to keep our groceries from sliding all overthe trunk , and would ` nt you know it works great.I would highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking to keep thier trunk clean and organized.It lays flat when not inuse and is easy to set up when needed.Strong and good looking it will last a very long time , thank you again for keeping my trunk clutter free.Mr . P Milne in Canada
 i previously bought one that used cables and it never worked right , i saw the reviews for this product and it was exactly what i was looking for . i was a little hesitant because people were complaining about the smell.I finally bought it . It awesome . love it . folds up nicely . and stays put when we have bags of groceries in it.If your looking for a storage for ur bags for your SUV stop looking elsewhere and get this product .
 I always keep a bottle of engine oil in the trunks of my vehicles . I got unlucky and had a bottle leak out in the trunk of my Mazda 3 which made me realize I needed something to keep the trunk organized and keep things from sliding around while driving.The Rola brand stuff is very well made , durable and useful . The dividers in it can be moved around depending on what you want to store in it and the bottom is tacky enough that it wont slide around.This has definitely solved the issue of things flying around in the trunk and kept the car more organized in general.Highly recommended .
 After having read the previous reviews of this being a great organizer but with an aweful smell -LRB- roofing tar ? -RRB- I took a chance . Upon receipt I took the organizer out of the box , opened it fully & left it in my shed for a week . The smell was very , very mild and within another week -LRB- inside the car -RRB- was completely gone . I really like this organizer and highly recommend it . Having premeasured it fit perfectly in my trunk & keeps everything in its place ! I would not let the smell deter you !
 This organizer works perfectly in my '09 trailblazer . I actually have two of them - one on each side running the length of the vehicle . There was no smell that others complained about . The only complaint is the anchoring system -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- but the weight of the material i have stored in them keeps them in place ; they have not moved over 10K miles of hard driving .
 This product does exactly what the literature says it will . It 's a great solution for bags and other things allover the trunk.Just a really utilitarian solution .
 I use this in the back seat of a Ford F450 Crew Cab and it fits perfectly and keeps everything in it 's place .
 I 've been shopping for a trunk organizer for a while now . I drive a Toyota Matrix and I have two kids with lots of junk . My trunk space is usually a disaster . I 've bought a few organizers before purchasing this one but they were all cheap and thin . I started with the $ 20 models , not wanting to spend too much for something that was just going to sit in my trunk , but I have to say this was worth every penny . It 's very sturdy and fits between the wheel wells at the back of my trunk -LRB- up against the seat -RRB- perfectly . It does not slide around and I love that I can make the compartments any size I like.I did not , like many reviewers , notice any bad smell -LRB- or any smell at all -RRB- when I opened this product . It went straight from the box and into my car . I was worried about this because my son is only 4 months old so I did not want to expose him to any fumes , but it turned out to not be a problem.I would highly recommend this product to anyone . It 's much sturdier than anything I 've found in stores , and unlike a plastic crate or something cheaper it does not slide around in your trunk . So for I have not noticed anything negative about this product .
 The organizer fits quite nicely in my car 's trunk -LRB- 5 doors Mazda 3 -RRB- and it is sturdy and very good crafted . It is also fully collapsible so there is no need to remove it while carrying that big bag to the airport -LRB- for example -RRB- . All in all , I am happpy with my purchase .
 Great for keeping items from sliding around in the trunk and for transporting the grocery bags home . Folds flat for carrying large items like luggage or large boxes . I would have given this product 5 stars if the side walls were a little taller and a bit stiffer .
 After a few years of using my trunk to scramble tools , recycling items , and the like , I decided to put an end to this nonsense . I am a Hypermiler , and for those of you who do n't know , we do n't slow down for curves , thus I did some pretty heavy duty scrambling.The Rola did the trick . The 59001 fits longitudinally in my Jetta trunk , and it is always a surprise to find things exactly where I put them.I have n't had it long enough to assess the wear qualities , but it does seem very well built.Haven ' t used the fold up feature yet . I want to keep my `` stuff '' organized !
 This organizer does exactly what I was looking for it to do
 I bought this for our Mazda CX-9 SUV . Very happy with it . I have 2 bottles of windshield waher fluid , paper towels , jumber cables , emergency kit , and so much more held securely in place in the cargo area . I willl buy another for our next car soon .
 Glad I was warned about the smell . We aired it out in the garage for a week before putting in the vehicle .
 Using this now in a 2008 Honda Pilot and it fits side to side with plenty of room to spare . It does have plastic loops stitched onto either end if you wanted to hook it to d-rings or some attachment point in your vehicle . The straps that keep it closed could also be used for this as well to keep the whole organizer in place while you travel but it does have a pretty good surface underneath and will not slide easily . There is no odor like reported in the two top reviews so they must have changed something since then , but it does have the normal `` new smell '' from the plastic materials . Only thing that would make it better would for it to be a bit higher than 7 '' . Seemed high enough when reading about it and looking at pictures , but a couple more inches would be better for some groceries , etc. . Great product and worth the money .
 I have used this for getting groceries a few times since I bought it . The dividers are easy to setup and move -LRB- when empty -RRB- , the whole assembly is easy to flatten or pop back up as needed . When not keeping groceries from sliding around , I use it to hold my reusable grocery bags in the trunk . It stays still and does not slide around.I do notice a light smell , I think it has to do with the outside temperature . Most of the reviews I saw that did NOT complain of smell were over the winter months . The odor was not strong enough to be bothersome , but I did notice it when I opened the trunk of my 2011 Subaru Outback . This organizer fits with a bit of space to spare against the backseat in my hatchback.The first time I used it , I pulled it within reaching distance , set my gallons of milk in the divider , then realized I needed to scoot it back further into the hatchback ... however the hard plastic bottom would not slide on the hard plastic trunk mat in the car , so I had to remove the milk , slide the organizer where I needed it to be and then put the milk back in ... maybe I 'm just a weakling ...
 I was warned about the smell , which is quite noticeable although not particular nasty , just chemical . I stored it on the balcony for a week and that took more or less care of it . As for the organizer itself , it is very well designed . The center barriers are held with thick Velcro and the box itself is very sturdy . The rubber bottom prevents the organizer from shifting/moving around while driving.Highly recommend !
 This organizer fits perfectly into the Smart Car.I can move it towards the seats and it gives me about another 4 inches of storage space .
 This thing compacts down to about 1 '' thick and stows out of the way when not in use . I drive a CRV and have four milk-crates in back for storage and stopping things from sliding around . I was hoping to replace them with this . No way . This organizer only holds 8 plastic grocery bags -LRB- some of which were only 1/2 fill . -RRB- It has the footprint of about 21/2 milk crates -LRB- is that a unit of measure ? -RRB- and is about 1/2 as tall . It 's almost lost in the back of my CRV - and a CRV is not that large ! If you look at the photo - the cooler ? It 's probably a 6-pack cooler - that gives you an idea of the actual size . It 's really handy - but there 's no way it 's going to hold your gym stuff , car stuff , groceries , etc. . It 's great for a grocery run - I can put about 1/3rd of the groceries in it and used it as a divider to stop the rest from sliding around.It is handy that it folds down to almost nothing , so you can keep it in your vehicle . So quality - excellent . Features - plenty . Size - smallish . There are dividers so you can break it up into several smaller spaces . You really need at least two spaces - the dividers add support for the sides .
 Originally skeptical of the rave reviews , I felt compelled to add mine . It far exceeded my expectations for just a trunk organizer and is made by what seems to be a very quality-conscious company in Australia . The compartments are just the right amount of rigid for my needs and it fit PERFECTLY in my Toyota Avalon , nestled against the back wall of my trunk . Permanently contained in the compartments are
 I wish the walls were n't so flimsy , but I love that it 's configurable so I can fit groceries and other things in the organizer . Really solid , but it may be a little too expensive for the production materials used .
 I purchased a new SUV and previously had items rolling all over the back cargo bay . I immediately went to Amazon.com to look for a resolution . I found the perfect item to hold groceries and a small carrier when I travel . I really like the option of being able to lower or move around the separations that are held with velcro .
 I could not have asked for a better trunk/cargo organizer !! It is well worth the money I paid for it ! It is adjustable and fits perfectly in my 2012 Ford Focus . It does not `` slide '' around and remains stationary . There are 3 adjustable slots with velcro not only holding the sides , but also holding the bottom ! NOTHING slips out of place !! -LCB- Trust me I sometimes take my wheels by the two instead of the four ! -RCB- ... If you need the trunk organizer out of your way , simply collapse it and it lays flat , not more than 1-2 '' thick !! Very sturdy material and well crafted !! Look no further , it is a GREAT investment !! Also , I have NO IDEA where this `` petroleum odor '' is supposed to be coming from , but my organizer did not smell of petroleum . Perhaps there was a ruined shipment ???? Thanks!Very Satisfied Customer!JMRogers
 I measured the trunk of my car to ensure it would fit , but unfortunately did not take into account that there are wheel well bumps . With that being said , this trunk organizer will fit all the way in the back of a 2011 Dodge Challenger , but it will be sitting on top of the bumps . I did not notice an overpowering chemical/plastic smell from the product , so this issue must only be affecting some.As others have stated , the velcro on the dividers is not strong enough to hold them in place . I believe others have also stated that the walls of the organizer are semi-flimsy . I noticed mine is warping because I have it sitting on top of the wheel well bumps , so the bottom dips slightly . The rigid , rubberized bottom is nice and keeps the organizer in place on my car 's Husky Weatherbeater trunk liner .
 I have a 2010 Nissan Rogue and it doesnt have any hooks to lock down a trunk organizer with , but this trunk organizer with its non-slip bottom has been perfect for me .
 This is a great product for the price ! Very little assembly required , adjustable , can be used immediately right out of the box . I used to keep cardboard boxes in the back of my SUV to hold groceries , etc. . This organizer has it all over cardboard boxes . The product is of rigid construction and does not slide around on the carpeting , unlike the boxes . You will not be disappointed !
 This fits our MDX perfectly . You 'll pay only $ 20 for some of the cheap organizers , but they feel flimsy . This one is sturdy , adjustable , and really does fold down flat . I 'm thinking about getting one for my sedan now .
 This is great for keeping things like grocery bags in order . The dividers are held in with velcro so each of the pockets can be re-sized as needed.But main thing I wanted to say is that mine had NO ODOR . Perhaps this was an issue when it first came out but definitely not a problem now .
 pros
 Sturdy , roomy , adjustable compartments , movable , ability to be fold , does n't slide around.I 'm using it in my 7-seater 2007 SUZUKI XL7 . I have not experienced any odor . I do recommend it !
 My car had this built-in but I just got a new one and forgot to request a cargo organizer , so I went looking for something LARGE enough to serve a purpose , but not so big as to makemy trunk useless.This item is terrific , and what I like best -LRB- and is hard to discern from the info available -RRB- is that you can CHANGE the size or REMOVE any of the dividers.Also , just the right weight to remain stable - great product .
 After numerous nail-biting trips home from the store , we bought our first Rola back in January 2010 to fit in the back of my '10 CR-V . Voila , no more worrying about bottles of wine and beer rolling about in the back . It just does n't budge . No matter how many times I try to take corners on two wheels , the trusty Rola stays put along with its precious cargo.So , here I am with my Rola and all of its wonderful , protective goodness ... along comes the jealous husband with a trunk rattling with bottles and various other dangerous flying projectiles . I broke down and finally bought him his very own Rola for Christmas . Divorce averted . -LRB- It fits perfectly in the trunk of his 2010 Kia Forte . -RRB- We are both now the proud owners of projectile-free trunks.Measure your trunk first -- to ensure you do n't get a too-large Rola -- and buy with confidence .
 Like others , I was worried about the reports of a foul smell . I guess when I put my nose on it , there is the smell of rubber . But that 's it.Pros : - Folds flat-Doesn ' t slide around-Adjustable partitions-Great for the plastic jugs of milk from onvenience storeI use this in a Honda CRV . We also bought one for my mother-in-law 's Ford Fusion .
 I have an 07 Durango . Its pretty cramped behind the third row of seats and finding something that would fit back there and optimize the space available was , to say the least , difficult . I spend hours on the internet trying to find something that did n't cost an arm and a leg.Then I found the Rola Organizer . This product is well made and well thought out . It maximizes the available space beautifully . Plus the ability to divide it into as many as four sections adds even more to its versatility , not to mention stopping things from `` rolling around '' back there every time you stop or make a turn . I just centered one of the four dividers and made it two bins . It fits behind that third seat like it was made for my car.And with the rigid base and strong handles , its easily removed even when full . If you need more room and have to drop the last row of seats , just take it out , or pick it up and move it out of the way.Its made storage simple , and keeping my vehicle neat a breeze.Well worth the money .
 This is a great product to help keep your vehicle neat and tidy . I would have given this product 5 stars if it was just a tad bit bigger -LRB- maybe an inch or two larger -RRB- . Otherwise , it 's exactly what I was looking for.Also , I have no idea what the other folks were saying about the oil smell . The product came out of the box with no funny smell at all .
 I am very happy with my new organizer . I love the durabilty and quality of the product . It feels like it is strong and can hold the items I put in it . It fits perfect behind the back seat of my SUV . The only complaint I would have is that the box it was delivered in was HUGE and way bigger than necessary . But the product is well worth it !
 I bought this item to store all my truck stuff , bottles of water , and footballs in my truck bed . -LRB- I have a bed cover . -RRB- This is excellent . The two dividers can be moved to adjust the storage area -LRB- 3 -RRB- sizes . Quality construction . Heavy duty . Does not skid on the truck bed . Has two handles . If the organizer is filled with heavy items I would n't use the handles.Really , the only question is what size do you need ! I bought the large , as it was just a few bucks more .
 Very versatile with adjustable straps . Solid construction . Bottom is not as rigid as reviews lead me to believe , but this is not a negative for me . I would call it semi-rigid , not board-stiff .
 Perfect for the job . My wife 's paperwork used to slide all over her trunk , and this organized it perfectly ! It has nice grommets in case you want to tie it down , but there is enough friction to hold it in place just by itself . It is clean , sturdy , and well thought out .
 Shipped fast , descent price . Seems durable to enough to even last a few years in my girl friends car . Time will tell
 Out of all the trunk organizers that I had looked at this one seemed to be the one to go with . It is solid , durable , and it has a little weight to it . Not heavy it just feels like it wo n't fall apart . You might spend a couple more dollars but it 'll keep you from having to look for a replacement any time soon .
 Bought this item as a gift for a family member but fell in love with it when it got here ! It is very well made and sturdy when put together but also folds in on its self for easy storage . I would highly recommend this item to everybody for their vehicles ! Great for shopping trips to Sam 's Club or Costco too .
 I ca n't remember the last time I wrote a review on Amazon . This product definitely deserves it . As soon as I took it out of the box I knew it was high quality made . This justifies in my opinion the higher price tag . It is very customizable because you can move the dividers around to adjust the spaces between . The base is strong enough to prevent it from moving around in the trunk . As for the smell ... there was none . I think they fixed this issue . I noticed most of the reviews that complained about the smell are several years old . So it 's safe to say that problem is long gone . The only minor inconvenience I had was the package it came in . The box was HUGE . Other than that , it fits perfectly in my Infiniti G35 . Great product !
 I already love this item - it 's wonderful for my 2011 Nissan Murano . I just posted a few photos so you can see more in detail . Overall I think everything great has been said - it has good structure , though the dividers could be sturdier . The base itself is weighted and non-skid so it should n't move around much . There are options to adjust , and fold up . I had a cargo net in my last car -LRB- sedan -RRB- and it drove me nuts , and took two hands to open up sometimes to fit everything -LRB- which is hard when one hand has the item you want to stow -RRB- . One of my biggest concerns was people talking about the awful smell - mine had absolutely NO smell , so that was a sigh of relief . It seemed more of the older reviews mentioned the chemical scent , so maybe the manufacturer made changes , since newer reviews are n't having so many issues ? I purchased it at about half of list price -LRB- $ 57 -RRB- and LOVE it . I 'm already thinking this may be a great Christmas gift idea .
 I have an 09 Honda Fit Sport and was looking for something to prevent cargo placed in the hatchback area -LRB- groceries etc -RRB- from slipping and sliding all over , which , if you own a Fit , definitely happens . I initially was thinking of purchasing the Honda brand cargo mat , but could n't really justify paying $ 90 for a piece of plastic ; even then , things would have been able to roll around . I stumbled upon this item on Amazon and decided to grab it . The 38 '' length fits great in the back cargo area . There still is a little bit of space on either side , but the bottom of the Rola organizer is designed to prevent slipping and sliding . There are two exterior loops where you can attach a bungie cord if you want to be sure it does n't slip -LRB- i did just for good measure but I had no slippage issues prior to installing the cords -RRB- . Another plus is that the dividers are adjustable to conform to whatever you are putting into it . It also folds down easily and securely if you have cargo larger than is able to fit into the organizer . Overall this is a great product and I 'm glad I went with this over a cargo mat . I have since purchased another one for a gift because I was so impressed with it.Also , many people complained of the stench emitting from this . I had no such issues ...
 I bought this to keep groceries from flying around in the cargo area of my Honda CR-V . I think it is an ingenious design were the dividers can easily and quickly be adjusted -LRB- with one hand , even -RRB- to contain a variety of things . The thick rubber base keeps the organizer from sliding around even when empty . Unless space is a premium , I HIGHLY recommend this larger one over the smaller model which I imagine ca n't hold very much stuff to be of much use . P.S. I bought mine late 2010 and there was no rubber smell at all .
 We purchased this to place in a Nissan Rogue . It fits very well and prevents items from sliding around in the back of the vehicle . Well made and fairly sturdy - a good alternative to overpriced dealer organizers .
 I got this in Jan 2011 , and there was NO bad odor associated with it what so ever . So it looks like they fixed whatever caused that . Like so many have said , it 's pretty rugged , heavy enough so that it does n't slide -LRB- on carpet anyway , -RRB- and is easy to reconfigure . The dividers can be removed or repositioned to adjust the storage size very easily . Good product for the money , and much-much cheaper then buying something at the dealer.FYI , I put this in my 2010 Honda CRV . I wish it was a few inches longer , but it 's a good fit .
 I could n't be more pleased with it ! I opened it and was preparing myself for the `` awful odor '' that other reviewers have been describing , and I was pleased to find that mine did not have this problem ! Did n't need to `` air '' it out at all - opened the buckles , popped it up , tested the velcro - everything was in great condition and appears to be a very high quality product.I would say that the dividers were a little less sturdy than what I 'd imagined - but it 's compensated by the fact that it 's very easy to move the dividers to resize the individual compartment sizes . The handles on the sides and mini pockets in the front and back -LRB- for small items -RRB- are all very helpful features.All in all the ROLA does exactly what I wanted it to and it fits great in the trunk of my sedan . I was able to transform my messy trunk into a very organized and respectable space in less than 5min , thanks to this !
 i bought this organizer for my Audi TT . It fits perfectly inthe back of the car . it is versatile , which is a great feature . meaning i can change the size of the spaces with the velcro . this is a very neat feature . also , i amable to put most anything in and it will hold it . it is uncumbersome and looksjust great . i recommend this product .
 Product arrived quickly and did what they said it would ... . does not slide around the trunk . . stays in place and great for groceries , etc.In our SUV -LRB- we switch between vehicles as needed -RRB- it is great for compartmentalizing while traveling and keeping smaller items from sliding all over the place . Is very adjustable to make compartments in organizer the size that you need . When not needed it lays very flat , not taking up space.Did not get the petroleum odor that others complained about ... . maybe the manufacturer did something to stop the odor problem .
 After purchasing a small SUV , I badly needed some kind of trunk organizer so my things would n't roll around the trunk with every turn I made . I purchased this after reading all the reviews and it lived up to all my expectations . It is the perfect length for the back of a Honda CRV . It has a non-slip bottom so the organizer itself does not slide around in the trunk . I like that the dividers can be moved around to make different sized compartments . When not needed , it folds down flat and clips shut . The only thing I find wrong with this product is that although it says it is spring-loaded , it does n't pop up or fold down quickly and easily on it 's own . You have to help it a little by moving the parts on the short ends so they are in the right configuration for being open or folded . Not really a huge ordeal for me though since mine is always open . I just thought I 'd mention it because the product description notes it as a feature .
 This is a nice , functional product . Lots of thought went into the handles , the dividers , the handles on the dividers , and the pockets.But the oily smell is a drawback . I put it in my 2002 Explorer XLT , and it does its job well . I hope the smell goes away . The smell was quite powerful when I opened the shipping container .
 An excellent product if they get rid of the petroleum smell , I use dryer sheets to help get rid of the smell .
 This really works well . No odor in mine like that reported by others . Stays in place well without tying it down . Seems really well built and durable . Like how the spaces can be customized to any position with Velcro .
 Bought this for the wife 's 2013 Explorer , perfect fit for when the 3rd row seat 's or in the normal position , great for carry lose item 's .
 I use this as a trunk organizer , especially for grocery shopping . It keeps all the bagged items from falling down or sliding around the trunk . It is a very well made product and the inserts are strong and very easy to move so that I can alter the sizes I may need for various purchases . It does not slide around the trunk of the car . I wish I could have gotten it on sale as it is a little pricey at retail .
 We have been very pleased with this purchase and actually liked it so much purchased another one to go in our other SUV . The smell was mentioned in many reviews , but when we first opened the package there was a little odor , but it quickly dissipated .
 This will greatly enhance my 2001 Mustang convertible 's usefulness as a grocery hauler , as less-than-trunk-filling purchases will no longer either slide around and spill from the bags or else be carried on the passenger and rear seats . It fits in the relatively small -LRB- around 10 cu . ft. -RRB- trunk , it 's built like a tank , and I did n't notice an offensive odor .
 My Son has an SUV and was using a plastic container from the Dollar Store to hold his stuff . I bought him a vehicle organizer at Walmart last Christmas , ended up taking it back , too small . Shopped at Target , Auto parts stores , etc. for an organizer but to no avail . Finally turned to the internet -LRB- my last resort -RRB- and found this one . The reviews were varied . Most mentioned the smell . I ordered it and my Son ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT ! And there is NO SMELL . He was so proud , I had to go out in the cold and see how he had organized all his ` stuff ' in it . Oh , and he was so proud that it did not slip around , like that plastic container !!! Perfect !
 I almost did n't buy this because of the complaints about the odor , there is no odor , they must have changed formulas some time back . It is of perfect size for my Impala and can take it out and use in my Trailblazer . My wife wants me to get another one , maybe .
 The Rola 59001 has no odor that I could detect and it is an excellent fit in our 2011 Honda CRV . Thinking about a second one for the Honda CRV , two would fit ! It works really well with grocery sacks . No more having to tie the top of the plastic grocery sacks to prevent items from scattering all over the place . Well engineered product !
 It is perfect for holding grocery bags and anything else small . Before everything would roll around and dump in the trunk . I love it !
 This product is functionally great but has a strong petroleum odor that is awful . I 've had it sitting outside for days to dissapate the odor , but the smell is slow to leave . Hupefully , I will be able to use it in my wife 's new car soon without her complaining . ** Update 4 months later ** The odor has completely gone . Very handy organizer in trunk . Each bay can be sized to hold two 1-gallon milk jugs and other groceries .
 This really is a great item for keeping things in place in the back of my FJ Cruiser . However , it has a petroleum base odor which I can not get rid of so I can not keep it in my FJ all the time and have to remember to put it in when I am going to need it . I would give it 5 stars if it did n't have that odor .
 I 've owned many trunk organizers , and the best advice I can offer to potential buyers is to be * absolutely * sure about the measurements in your trunk/cargo area , and to remember that the rigid base absolutely does not give an inch , which can bring tears to your eyes when you need to organizer to just move over an inch , but it wo n't , because it 's hitting the wall of the trunk.I 've used the 59001 in several 4-door sedans , but the 59001 is so wide that in most sedans , it will not fit between the wheel wells , thus severely limiting placement , and making it challenging for larger items like suitcases to fit in the trunk without having to fold up the organizer . Perhaps if you 're already used to rigid-base trunk organizers , this is not a surprise , but as a long-time non-rigid , trunk organizer owner , this inflexibility -LRB- as designed -RRB- caught me off guard . IMHO , the 59001 works great in minivans , and the 59000 is the best choice for 4/5-door cars.On the plus side , the rigid base is incredibly rigid , and even when I carry absurdly heavy items such as a car battery , it 'll only flex a bit . This thing is built like a tank ! The handles , velcro , latches , and netting on the side are of high quality . I wish the partitions were made of plastic inside and coated with vinyl -- they seem to be made of cardboard lined with vinyl , which worries me , as once they get accidentally folded , they wo n't be as useful.As for the odor , as others have mentioned , the odor is just absolutely horrendous , and unless you work at a rubber factory and are accustomed to the smell , you 'll likely find the odor quite unpleasant . I ended up placing the Rola by the HVAC exhaust fan at work , and after a week , enough of the smell was gone that I could use it . This truly puzzles me , as the Rola is clearly a higher-end trunk organizer , and I would assume that if you have enough money to spend 3-4X as much on a trunk organizer , you probably have a reasonably nice and/or new car that you do n't want smelling like a tire shop.In any event , I purchased it for closer to a Benjamin than a Grant , but it 's nice to see that prices have dropped .
 We have a 2007 CRV . we got the sport floor mats that catch all of the water and dirt , but they made the back trunk area really slippery . we got the Rola 59001 and it flipped up and worked right out of the box . it fits perfectly , maybe giving about 6 '' from the sides.I ca n't write enough about how useful it is . love the design , the durability , everything . my wife can adjust the sides in no time . they flip down easily and right back up . we thought about getting a smaller version , but we 're really happy with this x-large size ... one of the rare times i make the right decision.other reviews talked about an odor , but we detected none . maybe it 's because it 's winter here in Ohio , but we have smelled nothing . maybe when the sun starts to heat things up , but i 'm not too concerned .
 I had been looking for something to clean up the clutter in the cargo area of my Ford Edge . After reading all the positive reviews on the organizer , I decided that it was just what I 've been looking for . I have not been dissappointed . It fits nicely against the back seat and holds all the small items that tend to accumulate back there . It even holds a small cooler , along with a few of those plastic grocery bags that always let the bottles and cans escape . As for the strong vinyl spell , it 's really no big deal . I let it air out for a few days and the smell was negligeable . All in all a great product . It even folds flat if your not using it .
 This is a nice organizer that seems quite sturdy . If you have high wheel wells be careful of the width . Measure your intended cargo space first to make sure it will fit . It works great in my Subaru Outback.It is quite short in height -LRB- only 7 inches -RRB- - which could be an issue when placing taller or soft sided bags in it . Be cautious of that if you want something taller . I would have preferred a bit more height , but it is still much better -LRB- because it is sturdy , yet easily collapsible -RRB- than almost any other organizer I have seen . That said , I probably would not pay much above $ 50 for it.Incidentally , mine does not have any off-gassing smell to it .
 I am quite happy with the large Rola organizer.I am glad that I read the reviews before ordering . They informed me about the strong odor of the materials . This odor took about a week to dissipate.The organizer seems to keep in place in the bed of my truck , enabling me to carry my purchases without them scattering all over the vehicle when I make a stop or a turn .
 You can tell this is well made , it has a good weight to it -LRB- not heavy , just substantial -RRB- and stands up on its own . The section dividers can be moved to accomodate what you are putting in there . I use it to line up grocery bags , which fit great . It would be even better if it were bigger to hold more.My only criticism is that it is overpriced - almost $ 60 is just too much . I paid it becuase the other choices had poor reviews and the size of this was closer to what I needed , but it is too pricey for what it is . It lost a star for the price , but just one because it is a really nice organizer . If you are wondering about quality and durability , this has it . Seems like it will last a long time and take a good amount of wear and tear .
 I must say , from the previous reviews , I was afraid of the infamous smell , however when I got the package , there was no smell , the manufacturer must have fixed this problem . The product works great , the velcro straps are pretty sturdy , ideal for organizing grocery bags . WOuld n't use it for something heavy like tools or weights . The height is short enough to fit in the trunk of a car , which is a plus , it actually fit between the wheel wells of my Volvo S40 with enough room to put another . Not sure how it would fit in a smaller car though . My only suggestion for improvement would be to use plastic inserts to make the inside dividers stronger.That way heavier items could be organized as well .
 Works great . I did not notice any bad odors . The pockets are velcro and are easily adjustable . Great price for what it is .
 Good product ! Lot 's of room ! I really like the adjustable dividers ! Fits well in my daughter 's car trunk . Would be even better if there was a way to fasten it to the inside walls or floor of the trunk .
 Once I bought a bigger suv I found I had room for everything but trips home from the grocery store always meant items rolling around and coming out of the bag . I finally decided on the organizer and love it . Ca n't wait for the summer months when I can use it to help organize trips out to the lake .
 Convenient storage that keep things from rolling around the trunk . I like that you can fold it flat when not in use or when you need more space .
 I bought this organizer for my Audi A5 , and I have to say , the fit is perfect . The movable dividers are also a nice touch , and pretty easy to collapse when removing the divider without losing their place .
 I have 2 cars , a SUV and an Acura . The Acura came with a mesh net that suppose to hold loose items and the SUV came with nothing . Whenever I go shopping for groceries , the bags seem to fly around the trunk or with the SUV , fly around the back . Even when I use the mesh net , it really isnt that effective as it does n't hold too much stuff.I read the reviews and bought 3 of these . One for the car , and one for the SUV . They work perfect for my needs . I can put my groceries bags in back and not have them slide around . The organizier comes with a rubberized bottom to prevent it from sliding . It will if you take sharp turns . You can also adjust each section . There are 3 sections total , so you can have 3 sections , or you can take 1 or 2 down , and have one really big section for your needs . You can use this for sport equipment or for my needs groceries.I gave the 3rd one to my brother and they love it as well . This is great buy if you want a sturdy , good trunk organizer to prevent things from sliding around . I will definitely buy this again if needed .
 Luv it ! Out of the box , the trunk organizer had no smell , you can tell it was made of good materials . the adjustable dividers via velcro are great . Shopped around and amazon had the best price with free shipping .
 We now own 2 of these organizers , and they really are great . They do n't slide at all in trunk or cargo area of our SUV . Overall , a very quality product , however it would be nice to see them more competitively priced . In addition , we 'd love to see one twice the depth for SUV use .
 i 'd recommend this trunk organizer for others . it allows you to adjust the widths of the dividers and has two handles on the end for easy movement .
 Hubby has OCD where his truck is concerned . Got him this for Christmas and he was very pleased . Already planned out the compartments !
 This item was purchased for my wife 's Tahoe . It does a good job of keeping groceries from sliding around . One star deducted because of the high price .
 The only complaint is that it doesnt have an adequate anchoring system but the weight of the material i have stored in them keeps them in place most of the time except for groceries sometimes . It usually doesnt move even when I am driving agressively . This organizer works perfectly in my explorer . I actually want two of them so that when we take the other vehicle we are equally as prepared .
 I love this trunk organizer . My husband was always talking about how I had too much stuff in the trunk of my SUV . He was always complaining about how disorganized everything was . I told him that I really wanted a trunk organizer and I did n't want a flimsy and collapsible one . We did our research and found this one . It is a nice size and very sturdy . The dividers are adjustable so you can make the compartments smaller or larger depending on what you want to store in it . It stays put because of the non-slip gripping on the bottom of it . My once very disheveled and disorganized trunk now has everything stored in one organized place , leaving me with tons of room for groceries , luggage or shopping bags ! I would definitely recommend this product to anyone !
 I bought this as a gift for my husband to use in his company car . He always has a mess of books , magazines , product samples , etc. in his trunk . It fits and works like a charm . As for the smell ... it is not as bad the other reviews stated , either that , or my nose is broken ! There is a `` new '' scent but it is not overpowering . A day or two to air out and it was fine !
 Purchased this for a new car I just bought . Fits nicely in the trunk . Overall looks of good quality .
 Got this for my girlfriend for Christmas & she loved it !! It did have that plastic smell when u first opened the box but never smelled it after that nor stunk up the SUV . Fits perfectly in her GMC Envoy & holds all of are sporting equipment . Would definitely buy another one in the future !!
 This organizer fits very well in the back of my Lincoln MKX . No more groceries sliding around in the back and falling out when I open the back door ! It works so well , my friends have asked me to order the organizer for them . I have not noticed a smell with the organizers I just ordered so perhaps they have fixed the odor problem ... This is a sturdy , well made product that is well worth ordering . .
 This fits snug in my Focus hatchback -LRB- have the subwoofer , that takes space that I did not consider -RRB- and keeps things from rattling around!Now for the BAD !!! This is purely for Amazon and their OVERPACKAGING!This thing shipped flat , in a retail box , in another form fitting shipping box , then in GIANT box again that required stuffing to prevent rattling . Nothing on this device is going to break . The first shipping box would have been fine . I have no idea why Amazon used a box that was easily six times larger than the device . Horrible waste of resources and a giant unnecessary box for the landfill . It is the complete opposite of their usual minimal/hassle free shipping method . Once I figure out how to upload the pictures from my phone , I will and hopefully they wo n't ship anymore this way .
 I bought this for my wife for her birthday , along with flowers and other sweet stuff . She loves this gift . We use it all the time . Great for coming home with groceries or just shoping at the mall .
 It 's great in our Subaru Outback fits acoss back nicely and keeps things in place . It 's well built , worth the money . Smell , it 's new , you got to be a wimp to mind it . Gone in a week .
 Bought this for our new SUV as we found when grocery shopping the bags would move around the back area . The organizer is made out of what looks like balistic nylon ? Looks subtantial . Has a weighted base with a no slip bottom that keeps it from sliding around . Fold out to form a box that can be used full size or with the flip up deviders you can keep loose stuff from rolling around . Before I got this we used a colapsable laundry hamper thing that kind of worked but was hard to use and slid around the back .
 It set up easily and fits in the back of our Prius . I did n't notice any odor -LRB- as previously noted in prior reviews -RRB- so that must have been corrected . I love it in that it prevents my purchases from rolling around in the car .
 Awesome , heavy duty construction and collapsable for when I need to fit large items . If you 're tossed between picking up the 59000 or the 59001 for a SUV I would pick this one up .
 My new car did not have a mesh divider available for the trunk so I bought this organizer . I love this product because it lays flat when not in use , and easily fits several bags of groceries without them being tossed around my trunk .
 I was concerned that this would not fit in the back of my car , but it fits EXACTLY . I was surprised and relieved . Anyone else with a Scion xB knows how it is with a bunch of groceries back there -- now I do n't need to worry about opening the back hatch of the car and having strawberries end up in the parking lot .
 Ordered it for my 2005 Grand Marquis on Black Friday for $ 42.99 . It fits nearly perfect in the trunk and does a great job of holding things in place . Other reviewers had complained about a smell but I never noticed any odors with mine . Construction was excellent and would recommend to anyone who hates trunk clutter .
 I really like this organizer . It has a rigid and heavy feeling bottom so it stays put and doesnt slide around . It has adjustable dividers that stay in place with velcro and outside pockets . It is nice sized and it fits lengthwise on one side of our mazda 5 with all 4 seats up , leaving the other side for hauling other stuff . I ordered it on black friday , when it was on sale for 40 some bucks , wish I ordered another at that time for our other car , not sure if I would pay 100 bucks/full price .
 Built tough and heavy and fits perfectly against the back of the back seat in my 2011 Nissan Rogue . If I had n't found it as a Lightning Deal -LRB- forty-something bucks -RRB- , I probably would have just elected to build a wooden frame instead .
 I bought this for my Toyota Corolla trunk and it fits just fine with room to spare . This organizer is the width of my trunk , but still leaves room for at least 2 full-sized suit-cases in the trunk with the organizer fully packed . I bought this because stuff in my trunk kept sliding around in other storage devices -LRB- baskets , bins , bags , cargo nets , etc. you name it , I 've tried it -RRB- . The dividers in this one are completely removable and can be placed anywhere you want along the length of it in a second . The rubber on the bottom holds it to the trunk carpet and does n't move AT ALL ! I have an empty shopping center near me and I drove around it with sudden starts , stops , and extreme turns which I was SURE would cause it to slide . Weeks later it is in the same exact spot . It has plenty of room for car equipment , odds and ends , and even your grocery bags . I used to have stuff all over the trunk and now it all fits in about half the space of this organizer . Having room for groceries is a huge plus for me - much better in the trunk than the back seat all the time . There are side pockets for smaller items and the entire thing can fold flat down if you want to put something large in the whole trunk . The material is sturdy and seems like it will hold-up to many years of use . I really love this product , and would HIGHLY recommend it . If you have a car with a small trunk you will want to measure your trunk first , as this is kinda long . My Corolla has a slightly large trunk for a small car . I know the price seems a little high , but if you are frustrated with that quart of oil sliding every time you even touch the wheel , then this is the product for you . I hope you enjoy it as much as I do !
 This is crazy easy to use . It folds flat when you dont need it and when it is in use it is sturdy , well built product . 5 stars easy!It 's heavier than it looks , it will not slide around in your trunk .
 I ordered this battery for my harley with the acid shipped separately with battery . Very simple instructions on how to fill battery . The acid being shipped separately makes it fresh and long lasting . I received this product 5 days earlier than the date they gave me for delivery . I filled it in 5 minutes with the acid and charged it then I installed it and off I went riding all day . I highly recommend this seller and will do buisness again with seller.Than you !!
 This is a high quality battery at a good price and shipped in a timely manner.This has nothing to do with the quality of this battery but the 2005 HD Sportster has a less than optimal battery installation . The negative cable is too short to allow you to easily disconnect the negative cable from the battery.HD recommends removing the negative cable at the ground stud which is quite difficult to get to since it 's buried under hoses , tubes and wires.You can slide the battery out and barely access the negative terminal and if you are careful remove the screw that holds the negative cable to the battery and tighten it back up when you install the new battery . The problem is if you do n't make sure the negative cable is tight -LRB- and remains tight -RRB- you will melt the battery terminal when you try to start the bike . That 's why I bought a second battery.This is a battery that you fill with electrolyte -LRB- included -RRB- and then put on a trickle charger for a few hours or overnight . Once it 's fully charged you seal the battery with the included strip and do n't have to worry about ever adding water .
 I purchased this battery for my 883 R Sportster . I liked the concept of filling the battery with acid , so you know that the battery is really fresh . I absolutely recommend the product.There were no updates about the status of the order in the first 3 days and I received the item on the 4 th day.If seller was updating the status , my good experience would be a great experience .
 Installing the battery was not easy on my 2006 sportster , I am no mechanic btw . It took me a while just to figure out where the negative battery cable was even located . After an hour or so i did get the battery installed and i knew it was good when my lights and electrical items started working again , however the motorcycle still did not start , I used some jumper cables and my car and got it started .
 I ordered one not so long a go and the pacage arrived bent from the middle which broked the light please have and extar packing and lable it as fregile when you ship it out
 Great purchase !!! Really adds safety when i 'm towing my trailer since my truck does not have the turn signals on the mirrors
 I received these and have installed them . The instructions that come with them are pretty lacking and goes into a lot more detail of how to wire them and very little instructions on how to mount them . I know each truck will be different and if you use a little creativety you will be fine . I had to make some adjustments to the brakets that came with them and mounted the brackets on the back side of my running board with the light directly on top of the running board . It made for a very clean install . The lights are bright enough to see during the day and light up brightly when using turn signal or hazard lights . They can be wired to always be in bright mode , but you lose the ability to use as a turn signal . The instructions say they should be mounted facing down but I have mine parallel to the ground and they show much better.Overall , I am pleased and like the look .
 The lights mounted fairly easily even though the instructions could have been a little better . After I installed them I found that one side was a little dim . I found this was due to a poor ground on one side . Once I ran the grounds together back to the battery they were both lit very bright . I would definitely recommend the Recon 62 '' Big Rig lights to anyone who is thinking about adding them to their truck .
 My girlfriend got me these for christmas 2 years ago for my dodge ram 2500 quad cab and they still work great and look great . easy install and a well known name for truck lighting . Check them out at -LSB- ... -RSB- i ordered several things from there that amazon did not have . 5/5
 Got them fast and came without any damage , only problem the drivers side light doesnt work at night with the turn signal or hazard , the passenger side blinks and the driver side doesn , t and i 've wired it through the headlight and through the side mirror and still doesnt work , works during the day but not at night . i dont know but i got a chevy and got a light bar that doesnt work on the drl either so i dont know . any way looks great at night and definitly makes my nerf bars look good .
 Product was exactly as listed . Install was easy . Electrical connections were a bit of a challange . Item arrived well packaged and with all mounting hardware . I am very satisfied with the look on my Lincoln Mark LT.
 I ordered these on may 23 with the super shipping option and they werent suppose to ship til the may 29-june 1 and they shipped out on may 26 and I recieved it may 28 . The shipping was fast and arrived without a scratch on the box . The installation was pretty much common sense since the directions wasnt all that great . They are really nice and bright at night and the turn signals are really bright . They were well worth 89 dollars with free shipping , I would buy them all over again .
 Product well packaged , arrived quickly . Had a issue with the 1st set , got online & returned it to Amazon . Amazon in turn sent another one out very quickly . Great service , and appreacate the backing of selling product .
 Great price , did n't come with adhesives but had those anyway . Supposedly they shrink slightly over time so be aware when adhering them to your dash . Mine was a lighter color than I expected but that also keeps the dash cool . Fits the dash just fine . Happy with it .
 Its the right one for My car & less than half the price of Autozone or Advanced Auto Parts so great deal .
 The idea for this level is great - levels in all directions at once . However , I mounted epoxied this on my camper tongue but it is n't level with the rest of the camper e.g. the inside floor . So double check before you permanently mount any leveling devise .
 I bought this so I could quickly guestimate my RV upon parking so I would have a quick and good idea of what I need to do to level . I can get the rig as level as I care to go with this alone so it 's a nice piece for this use . It has holes for mounting but does not include hardware . I did not mount mine , I just have a designated spot to lay in on the front of the rig and I take it up and store it when I 'm done with it . For me , it beats using the tiny levels installed on the sides of the RV . I did n't give it five stars because it 's not of exceptional quality and it does not have any hardware or case .
 I 've become dependent on this to level up . I use it every time I go out now . Would recommend this as a quick way to level .
 Simple , inexpensive , works very well and I like that it can be mounted if I choose . So far I am keeping it portable because it is handy on multiple trailers .
 This level is large enough that it 's very easy to see . I can place it on just about any level surface in the RV and see the bubble easily . I like it .
 Make sure your RV is level all around with a standard level , then find a spot where this reads level . Next time you level the RV , use the same spot . You 'll get a dead-level vehicle every time .
 I bought this to use with my ceramics . It works fine but you have to make sure you are looking at the bubble and not the shadow produced from lighting .
 This is a very useful item that I carry with me whenever I use our small travel trailer . Easy to place and adjust to .
 It works better than anything else . These have been around many years and for good reason , the do what they need to do better than anything . Get a couple since the get lost pretty easily .
 Works great . The salesman said to put the level in the frige to level . Works great and easy to read
 This little bulls-eye level actually works very well . The price was right . I put the device on the center of my tile in the rv - then use it to check as I jack around to stabilize . very handy .
 This is the best product on the epoxy market , mix by weight @ .00 grams -LRB- Not volume -RRB- , foolproof , right price , fast to ship , ca n't go wrong .
 Perfect fit for a 2000 v6 Passat wagon . The filter fit the mounting bracket perfectly . Would have been nice if it had come with new hose clamps . The job itself is an easy one for the DYI-er .
 Since this product came out approx 2 years ago . . I 've used it religiously in my vehicle .2000 Honda Accord 4 Cyl . Currently 170,000 Miles . It shows very little burn-off of oil in the 3-4k mile oil change , and runs strong and clean.I recommend this to anyone who seeks a synthetic.Remember to change your oil regularly !
 Penzoil is rated one of the best Synthetic motor oils.I got the 6pack for subscribe and save for every 4 months so I can remember to change my oil.Good price !
 This is good oil . It will not do magic for your car , but will give you all the protection for normal driving . I use synthetics and do 5k oil changes to avoid any engine trouble .
 A good deal for a synthetic case of oil .
 Bought these for help in leveling my RV . They work pretty good , but they are rather small . So if you have `` old eyes '' you may want something a little larger .
 Very nice product for the money . I put them on my trailer and they work good enough to keep the grease in the middle of the pan on the stove . Would recommend .
 Good product . A little more bulky than blocks , but way easier to level . Well made . I still need a few more words to get to 20
 I bought these tiny levels to attach to my cornhole boards so that I can be sure that they are level . Works great . -LRB- did not include screws -RRB-
 Purchased one of these to help change the transmission fluid on my RX8 . Used it with a bottle of redline fluid . Fit perfectly , no leaking , and made the job nice and easy . Price is perfect , and shipping was fast !
 Just used this pump over the weekend . It worked very well on gear oil for my rear diff & transmission fluid .
 Perfect fit on a quart bottle and just the sensitivity needed for topping up , say , motorcycle chaincase oil levels . For larger tasks such as oil changes etc I would still reply on the traditional funnel and cloth approach . Nevertheless I 'm glad it 's in my garage as it makes life with ` spillables ' a lot easier !
 I bought this item to pump 6 quarts of Redline 75w90NS into my Toyota Tacoma 's differentials/transaxle . While the pump does NOT actually fit and screw onto the Redline bottles , it still worked . Sure it does n't pump a huge amount each time and it 'll take a few minutes to do each bottle but if you 're not a running a business , where time is money , then this works absolutely fine ! No mess was made that was attributable to the pump . The in and out hoses that came with the pump were an appropriate length for the Redline containers and for my vehicle . This pump worked perfectly for me and I was very pleased with this purchase .
 Accidentally bought this as a gallon bottle connection but of course it did not fit . Now I use it to change power steering fluid and other fluids . But 4cc a pump . . convert that to oz and you 'll see it takes a bit of work.However , my mistake . Product came quickly and exactly as described . Works fine for now .
 It worked as expected , but I had to transfer the Red Line Manual Transmission oil from its original container because the pump did not fit the bottle . It works fine in a standard one quoter oil bottle .
 Yes , the pump pushes a fairly small amount with each pump . However , it is still better than most other options -LRB- depending on the job -RRB- . I used it for a transmission -LRB- gear -RRB- fluid swap . After draining , replugging , and opening the fill-hole , I slid under the car , put the hose in the fill-hole , and pumped away . I had to put in 2 pints and it took me about 15 minutes . This is a much better option than a hose alone from the top , especially with a thick fluid like a transmission fluid . # One issue : The screw on part for the top did NOT fit Redline fluid , which is apparently smaller than standard . However , it still worked ; I just had to hold it in place as I pumped . # One upgrade for this pump : I will take the pump to home depot and buy a longer out-hose . This will allow me to pump from above the engine which will be a little easier than laying under the car.Great Value here .
 I used this to replace the transmission fluid on my truck . Even though it had the wrong sized lid to screw into the bottles of trans fluid , it still lifted the fluid nicely . I 'll buy this again next time I do a fluid swap .
 Sure , it would have been nice to have an electronic pump or a pump that moves a lot more than 4CC , but you should n't buy this pump if you need one of those : DChanged gear oil in a celica , used this to pump in redline . It pumped nearly the entire bottle and did n't leave a lot wasted . Good buy for the job .
 Had to drain / refill my transmission fluid on my 02 Lincoln LS . Was a painless although slow process . Well worth the money . Purchased this with a fill adapter I did n't even need . It paid for itself in the $ $ $ I saved doing it myself .
 For the price this pump is amazing . I have used 100 dollar fluid transfer pumps that leak and lose pressure . This simple device fits over most oil jugs and after just a few pumps the oil flows . It even comes with an extra long reach hose just in case.Is it the best out there ? No , but for the less than 10 bucks it 's unbeatable .
 This pump may look cheap , but it feels plenty sturdy , does its job well with no leaks , and is a great value !
 Did not get this from Amazon , got it from Knechts . Got this to change the manual transmission fluid on a 2gb Eclipse.Like said before , it does not fit the Redline transmission fluid quart bottles , but was still able to transfer the fluid just fine . The hose attached to the pump could be a little longer . I attached an extra hose for extra length to make it easier . It did not take very long at all and worked great , really recommend it .
 Fits a Mobil 1 75W-140 quart bottle perfectly . Drains a quart bottle in about 5 minutes with a moderate pumping rhythm . Filler hose is very supple and fills a Ford Explorer 's differential very nicely . The tube that fits the pump inside the bottle is not bendable but straight and rigid . The tapered end stops about 1 inch short of the bottom however . The outlet tube also fits the adapter used to fill the Ford sealed transmissions .
 great little pump , got my 2.8 quarts of redline into my transmission faster than expected , with scant drops spilled between bottles , what more could you ask for the price?To those who say this does not fit red line oil bottles , well - it 's true , it does n't screw securely on , but it does fit , and the draw tube reaches the bottom of the bottle , so while it does n't screw onto the bottle neck -LRB- redline bottles are a hair smaller than `` normal '' -RRB- it does work with redline just fine.The pump does take some pumps to get a quart transfered , but not near as bad as what I was expecting from other review here . I think it took longer for me to remove the plug , drain the old oil , and replace the plug than it did to pump the new back in through the top fill - so not too shabby I do n't think for an inexpensive little transfer pump .
 This product works as advertised . We were able to add transmission fluid through a difficult to reach port.I would purchase this product again .
 Plews makes excellent products ! This transfer pump works great ! Some complain about how many pumps it takes per quart but I think it works very well it 's better than poor fluid all over the ground wasting money trying to fill , in my case a transfer case .
 Very handy pump for the quart size oil bottles . Worked well even pumping 75W90 synthetic in the rear axle of my car .
 very simple , cheap effective product . do n't know how to have changed the differentials on my impreza without this guy in the toolbox
 Worked well for changing the fluid in an 04 manual civic . Did n't make a mess , but did take a lot of pumps . Overall it made the task very easy and no problems . Hose was long enough , longer would n't have helped to keep it in the fill hole . I 'd recommend it for jobs like this .
 I used it to pump oil into my differential and transmission . It worked very well . It saved me a lot of trouble . However , I counted considerably more than 250 pumps per liter so each pump is less than 4cc , at least for the one I got .
 Great price and does exactly what is advertised . Used it for replacing differential and transmission fluid on an E46 BMW where you can not use a funnel from above . The pump threads onto both a Mobil 1 and a Royal Purple 1qt bottles . I knew it only pumped small amounts which can be tiring , but at the same time helps you avoid overfilling . My only gripe -LRB- very small one -RRB- is that the suction hose that goes into the bottle can be too short to reach the bottom and thus forcing you to pour the remains into another container to use .
 The pump help me in the changing of the differential fluid of my CRV-98 . It does a good job with the fluid and is perfect and easy to work with the quarter packages .
 This pump is great for the price . It is well made , super functional , has a couple nice features like easy dis-assembly and lock out . And the small stroke allows for one hand pumping in tight spaces . Great pump overall and you ca n't beat the price .
 This thing is head and shoulders above those orange and black pumps you find at parts stores for moving oil . It pumps 90W gear oil smoothly and easily . The only downside , and its minor , is that its designed for a regular quart bottle like ATF comes in and the pickup tube is sized for that size only . If using for Lucas gear oil -LRB- taller bottle -RRB- the pickup tube is too short to reach the bottom . Quick fix - a piece of 3/8 fuel or vacuum hose fits right on the nipple where the pickup tube goes in . Cut to length , push on and go . Yes , it takes a bunch of pumps to move a quart of oil but it pumps very easily and goes quickly . This thing is worth many times its price .
 Overall this is a very good product , sturdy , and useful . I found similar products at walmart and kmart for less but they have been kind of a single use product . I have used it 2 or three times and still working properly .
 I got this at walmart for around $ 7.00 it fits on to normal oil quart containers -LRB- like valvoline white bottle -RRB- its a great little pump for transfering oil from quart containers . I used this on my transfer case and front and rear differentials on my druck with great luck ! great buy for the price .
 I used this handy pump to remove the power steering fluid from the reservoir of my Toyota Highlander several times . The pump is made to fit on a quart bottle , although I did not use this function . The pump works great , is durable , well made , and tubing fits perfect in reservoir . Easy to pump with one hand while holding the line .
 This is an awesome little pump that is just what I was looking for . It has a smooth operation is easy to use and while does the job in an adequate amount of time . I recommend this product .
 I changed the gearbox oil in my Peugeot and this worked perfectly . As some mentioned it does n't screw on the Redline bottle top but it fits in and unless you were planning to store the bottle with this on it who cares if it screws on . It sucked out all but a couple of tablespoons from the bottom of the bottle . It was able to transfer two quarts in a few minutes . If it only worked once , it would be worth the price , and I have no reason to believe it wo n't last for a while .
 This pump works well , I 'm impressed especially given the low price . It did n't fit the bottle of Redline oil I was using -LRB- MT 90 -RRB- which appeared to be an issue with the bottle being an unusual neck size -LRB- not an issue due to the pump -RRB- . The fluid transfer amount sounds small -LRB- 4cc -RRB- but it took only 5 minutes per quart to pump the oil into my transmission . Also remember - that 's 5 minutes to do an easy repetitive motion -LRB- pumping -RRB- while the rest of your mind and body can relax . Not bad .
 I use this for pumping fluid into the differential of my car . It worked well until the feed tube slipped off the bottom of the pump and fell into the bottle of fluid . I could n't get it back out without tilting the bottle but fortunately I had some extra tubing lying around . Just bewar when using this pump . Another thing , this took a LOT of pumps to get 2 quarts of fluid into the diff . Would definitely recommend finding something else with a larger capacity .
 purchased this to fill my transmission and differential fluid . Does an excellent job with no mess ! ... the tube that is connected to the pump should have an adjustable length but that is more a nice to have . I added a piece of tubing the the plastic tubing so as to pump more of the fluid out.all in all , good product , good price and I would def buy again .
 some one wrote on here that the pump head fits on REDLINE quart bottles - thats the ONLY reason I purchased it.IT DOES NOT FIT ON REDLINE QUART BOTTLES.it fits the regular quart bottles.it works fine and I was able to do all my fluid changes - but whom ever posted the mis-information - do n't be stupid and lie .
 What a great product ! Worked flawlessly for me during my transmission fluid change . The hand pump sufficiently gets the fluid in there .
 I used this to pump Amsoil synthetic transmission fluid into my new Mustang GT . Worked great and did n't take too long to pump the 2.7 quarts . The only downside , which was n't the pumps fault , was that Amsoil quart containers have a very large opening . The cap for the pump did n't fit over it , but was too large to fall into the quart bottle . So it ended up getting ` wedged ' into the opening which is just as good - it stayed in place while I pumped.I will keep this handy tool as a welcome addition to my garage . I am possibly getting an old Jeep soon , so this will help for sure when I replace all the fluids .
 It does exactly what it 's supposed to . The length of tube is just right too . The only thing to be aware of is that it only pumps 4cc 's per pump , so it does take a good number of pumps to empty a quart bottle of fluid . Nothing crazy , but if you 're doing a few bottles , it helps to have someone to alternate with .
 This pump works great but beware it does not fit redline bottles . Even thought Amazon reccomends it with it do not purchase it if you are using red line products . Other than that the pump works fine !!!
 Used this on a Honda Element '03 to refill the rear differential . Worked like a charm in minutes , no mess . Will Purchase for other applications like changing the super charger fluid in a Pontiac GTP . A DEFINITE tool for the DIY auto mechanic .
 works well to add fluid to transmissions , rears and transfer casees . I would recomend it to any one . Dont spend the money on a super fancy one that will get dirty anyway . this is perfect !
 I used it for putting oil in my differential in my Honda CR-V - worked perfecto . I like the fact it screwed right on the fluid bottle .
 Use this pump to pump ollive oil from a five gallon can into half gallon bottles . Pump works beautifully and is esy to clean .
 Not only does the Fluid Transfer Pump does what it is suppose to do , it does it very well . Albeit slow -LRB- you have to pump quite a bit to transfer over three litters of transmission fluid -RRB- it allows one to do a job that would otherwise not be possible at home . For that reason alone it is well worth its cost -LRB- which is n't very much -RRB- many times over . So , if you need to change you transmission fluid or your rear diff fluid do not hesitate , get one of these pumps .
 Cheap , simple , effective . Just used this to change out fluids in my front and rear diffs as well as my t-case . Did the job . It did take quite a few pumps to fill them back up , but no biggie . I just consider it an arm work out .
 Although not quite long enough for gallon jugs works well with quart bottles . Pumps well . The house is long enough to get the job done .
 Use one for gear oil and another for AT fluid . Both pump the fluid very well although you only get a small -LRB- 4cc -RRB- per pump .
 Bought this to change the transfer case fluid on my 2002 Bravada , it worked very well and fit perfect and screwed right onto the Auto-Trak II bottles !
 I bought a pair of these to pump rear differential fluid and haldex fluid into my R32 for it 's 40k service.They worked great , and had no issues with the fairly thick rear differential fluid . I did modify the pickup tube with a longer tube in order to pickup from the bottom of a Royal Purple bottle -LRB- taller than standard bottles -RRB- . Would buy them again ! Ca n't beat the price !
 The pump works fine . The only thing I wish was different was the bottle connector . I guess I should have checked the size , but it did n't screw onto the bottles of transmission fluid I bought , so pumping was slightly difficult since I had to hold the bottle , the pump , and the tube into the tranny .
 Great pump fits most of the bottles I tried it on . Only Amsoil bottles so far did not work with it . I would give it 5 stars if it would push fluid little bit faster . It will take a while to pump through whole bottle .
 Used this item to pump replacement oil into an F150 differential after a seal change . It did the job with minimal mess and without leaking or complaining , It 's discharge tube is generous in length , and its supply tube -LRB- inside the container -RRB- is long enough to reach the bottom of most quart containers . Its cap has the correct thread to mate with those containers . I may never use it again , so I ca n't vouch for its durability , but its performance is excellent for the price .
 This pump is awesome and works very well . I was able to change my transmission fluid without problems . The only thing was that this pump was suggested with the Redline MT-90 and when I finally got to the point where I could do the work , I found out that the pump does not screw on to the bottle . The bottle is too small . This pump is more than likely made for a typical quart bottle .
 My in-laws turned me on to Tuff Stuff about a year ago . They use it in their automotive business , to clean carpets and upholstery . I 've since used it on just about every fabric in my house -LRB- obviously , I tested it in a hidden area -RRB- , and it has gotten out stains that I thought I 'd be living with for a long time.We 've recently adopted a cat , who , as cats do , left us a few furballs the first few nights we had her . Tuff Stuff took the stains right out ! You 'd never know there were yellowish-brown stains on our light carpet!Just shake the can , spray onto the stain , and let it foam for about 45 seconds to a minute . Using an old washcloth or rag , rub the foam in circles using light pressure . Then use a clean dry corner of the washcloth or rag to blot up any moisture . Very little elbow grease required ! -LRB- I think I 'm going to try this on my husbands greasy garage jeans ! -RRB-
 I have used several fabric cleaners , carpet cleaners and leather cleaners . I bought my first can at a car dealerhsip and now am buying my second from amazon . It last a long time .
 I learned about this product in 2000 when we bought a new car . There was a grease mark in the hatch that we noticed when we took delivery . The salesman ran back and got a can of Tuff Stuff . He was able to remove the spot completely in less than minute with very little effort . I have used this product ever since and vow not to be without it . It has also helped me to keep the interior of my now 20 y/o truck interior looking like new . It even works well on old stains that you would not think would come out .
 This product will clean most any stain in carpet and removees dirt from most all surfaces . Great for cleaning the interior of a car .
 I live by Tuff Stuff ! I 've tried many different types of cleaner for my car . BY FAR Tuff Stuff is the best . It 's awesome on my tan carpets and works really well for ceiling fabric stains .
 I bought a bottle of Tuff Stuff in the automotive department of a local department store , initially to use in the car . But I have a cat , which means he gets hairballs , which means I get stains on the carpet . I have tried a multitude of carpet spot removers that did n't get the job done . TUFF STUFF WORKS on those stains!I recently had a party from which a most challenging stain emerged . Someone spilled a RED drink on the carpet and did n't tell me -LRB- it was either wine or strawberry margarita -RRB- . Tuff Stuff took it right out !!! OMG ... I could n't believe it got out a red stain that had been completely dried in .
 I got this because someone suggested it for my Auto cleaning . It works wonders if you keep at it . So much better than resolve and any other stain remover . I have tried them all believe me . This is the best working stuff that actually works . I used almost a full can of this getting out dirt , soda , and so many other stains on a very old sofa and made it look like a used new sofa . Get this stuff and you wo n't regret it .
 Bought because the price for a single pair was pretty high . They came fast are were satisfactory
 I Got this handle cover for my husband . He really liked it , because he has the other 4 doors with chrome door handle covers also ! It serves it 's purpose . I thought personally it 'd look silly with a chrome handle floating in the back window , but honestly once we got it on it looks pretty sharp !
 I shopped around and called local brick & mortar stores for this same item , they all had to order it and their price was the same as K&N ; 's list price . Amazon cost less , plus it was here one business day after I ordered since I 'm local.K & N ; Air Filters are the first thing I buy when I get a new car . This thing is half the depth of the stock 06 Impala air filter , it increases airflow and HP . Buy a charger kit to keep it clean.Cheap and fast horsepower from Amazon .
 I purchased a K&N filter for my 1998 Grand Prix some 10 years ago . When time came to buy another car , I had to get another K&N for it too . I was pleased with the performance and ease of maintenance of the old filter I just had to buy another filter again . There is a very noticeable increase in performance and in fuel economy . The engine on the Grand Prix was the older V6 3.1 Liter . The new Car 2007 Monte Carlo has a updated V-6 3.5 Liter . Both engines have gained performance points and upped the fuel economy . The Grand Prix gets about 32mpg on the highway with this filter . I have put on about 100,000 miles on the Grand Prix , so I think I have experience to say that K&N is the best . I noticed there is some Johnny Come Lately out on the market now , but stick with K&N . The price is right on the mark with Amazon . Performance will not disappoint !
 This filter fits perfectly into my 2007 Chevy Impala LT2 3.5 L FlexFuel . After installing the filter , I was suprised on how much more HP you get , was n't expecting that . I would recommend this product , it will last you a lifetime .
 the filter is not my first K&N filter . it works great and does n't even have to be changed for at least 50,000 miles . then all you do is clean it .
 What can you say basically a lifetime air filter just need to run a shop vac over it once in a while and good as new . Does not make the car any louder as a normal K&N air intake would do .
 I just installed this and I am already a fan of the quality of this product . Why would n't you want a high quality filter that provides more available horsepower and cost effective after just a couple of cleanings . I clean mine in the summer even if I do not have the minimum miles because it dries quickly in the sun and cleans fast .
 When it comes to air filters , K&N is the king . While I can not speak to any performance improvements , I chose this filter for its ability to prevent harmful contaminants from entering my engine . That , plus the fact it nevers needs to be replaced and you have a winning combination . Amazon pricing and fast service makes this the best overall deal possible .
 This was a gift for our youngest motorist . She 's so busy going places , now that she has a car , we just wanted to make sure she had and emergency kit . You know , just in case . This kit has everything and comes in a good carry bag . At 17 it 's hard to think of a parent saftey gift has cool , but she thought it was totally cool , when she could help out a friend who was stranded .
 Have n't had an emergency yet or need to use it , but seems to have everything covered.or so it should be
 installed in a couple hours . had a problem with one of the motorized units . had amazing customer service . sent in 2 days and was exactly what i needed . do some research to tie into the door ajar and your good to go . i have used and abused these and they still stand up . i didnt use a drill bit and the rivets and have put 600 plus pounds on step with no problem .
 If anyone is interested in this product it is just what you would hope and expect it is . Easy install just follow the directions . Yes it does take three hours but it is not difficult . Finding the wires to connect to is the most difficult part of the installation . The down side - my wife likes the power step so much she wants to take the truck . Quiet , sturdy and fast deployment .
 Bestop 7510101 Black Power Step Running BoardsThe power step running boards by Bestop are excellent . They work great , are sturdy and make getting into the truck so much easier . Plus , they look so cool on the truck ! This seller was excellent as well . I ordered the power step running boards on the 19th of December , and they were delivered to my door before Christmas . My husband was very happy with the gift !
 I dont have much to say about this product . Its a great filter and its use has resulted in a better sounding engine and improved fuel economy . I would definitely recommend buying it .
 Product was shipped fast , was accurate and it was a very good price . How can you pass up a KN filter for the price of a paper filter from your local auto supply store . Thank you .
 K&N makes the best filters in my opionion . Just buy a recharge kit and your car is set for life . Cheaper over the life of your car then to pay for those cheap paper filters . That you ca n't even clean .
 This is a awesome filter.Don ' t hesitate to buy it!The orginal filter from the dealer is $ 35 ! For a one time use!This you can this use forever ! I paid $ 42 & another $ 10 for the recharge kit.Excellent !!!!! -LRB- car
 The product works great!I installed it in my 2005 Volkswagen Jetta and I can see a slight increase in my gas mileage numbers.Every little bit helps in today 's high gas prices .
 This is the fourth car that I will use a K&N filter , and plan on keep buying them . Quality is very good , customer service is very good , but in the case of this particular filter the instructions are useless , the text is very generic and not specific for the 2.5 L VW engine . Since Amazon deleted the link that I originally posted in this review to understand what needs to be done in order to replace it , please do the following search on youtube
 I used this in a NEW 2012 VW Jetta 2.5 SE . Took a little to get the engine cover off and in place . But , once it was in , there was a slight , noticeable difference in acceleration and mpg . I would say it definitely added 2-4hp , from 177 base HP to maybe + -180 hp . Torque had the same increase it seemed.As for gas , on the highway , I went from about 30mpg to 31.5-32mpg . In town , no difference in mpg , but tremendous difference in gas pick-up , and acceleration . I did not have to get on the gas nearly as much to get the power out of it to get going , which is very nice ! Can take it easier on the parts and wear and tear on the car ... FYI
 I could n't believe the hype - until I installed it.I definitely get better gas mileage , and I replace my paper filters every year.I ca n't speak to horsepower . The Rabbit seems just as peppy as always .
 I installed this air filter about a month ago , but have n't really noticed much difference in the horse power or the gas mileage . I decided to get this one because VW 's filters have to be special ordered , plus if you get on from the service department they will cost you an arm and a leg . I think over the years it will save a few dollars ... we 'll see .
 I type 20 or more words as a testament to the quality or deliciousness of the consumer good and/or media product .
 We ordered this for our 2009 VW Rabbit . It fits well but was time consuming to install . It required disconnecting 2 hoses and removing the engine cover . Once the cover was removed we had to undo about 7 long screws to access the air filter compartment . The upside was no more wasted paper filters will be going to the landfill .
 If you can open a car hood you shude do this . It took a little longer than usual but it was easy !!! I give it a good review
 Good quality . It allows you to view contents as they leave tanks being dumped -LRB- Yuk ! -RRB- I always add fresh water after a black water dump and this quickly shows how clean the tank is . Recommend .
 If you do n't have one of these CLEAR hose fittings , You need to get one . With a clear fitting you can see when your tank is running clean of all waste and paper . This model has 4 connecting ears . That is extra protection for a tight fit and if you drop and break one ear off , it will still hold where as if you get a cheap one with only two locking ears , you break one off , it wo n't stay connected to your RV connector .
 I recommend this connection to anyone who has to dump gray and black RV tanks . Being able to view the contents of your tanks and knowing when they 're clean / finishing draining is a big help when you 're doing this chore . The fact that it does n't fit in a 4 '' square bumper is a minor inconvenience -LRB- and the product should n't be reviewed at only two stars because of this -RRB- since I has nothing to do with the quality of the product -- which is the point of these reviews . Just be sure that your sewer hose is made by Camco . Not all fittings are the same from product to product .
 Everyone that owns an RV needs to have one of these . You know when your waste tanks are clean with this clear fitting . I was tied of never truly knowing when the holding tanks were done , but with this you can see it all . Only warning is ... if you have a weak stomach , turn away when dumping the black tank . At least till you think it safe to look :-RRB- . This takes all the guess work out of dumping .
 You can clearly see what is coming out of your black tank and when it runs clear . It is a must have for any camper with a crapper
 This piece of plastic is very convenient to check the status of the sewer to know when it is clean , etc.Highly recommended !
 I bought this clear sewer hose adapter so I could see if my black tank was clean after being flushed . And you certainly can tell if you got it clean or not . Do I need to flush it again , or is it clean enough to bring my trailer home and put it in storage for the next trip ? Before installing this adapter , I had no idea . I do now .
 Bought this for my RV and it works as stated in the description . I like that its clear so I can see whats going on ...
 This is ideal for monitoring your tanks and making sure everything is flowing correctly.Expecially handy when flushing your black tank and checking its condition .
 Seems to be an excellent product . My old plastic one started breaking the first time I used it . This product is easy to connect/disconnect and the arms do n't break off .
 Perfect fit for my 2006 RX-8 . This is strongly needed in Florida . Been using it for over 5 months and it is still in great shape . I just wished it came with those elastics to hold them closed after use and perhaps an RX-8 logo in front would be cool too . I am very happy with this product ` s quality and fit .
 Works great , with no bouncing . Very accurate . In the dead of winter the oil temp when hwy cruising takes a while to get up to about 150F which is pretty much where it stays . In spring and summer the oil temp will read around 175-180F when cruising . ON a hot as hell day it will get up to about 185 -190 F and on a hot as hell and humid day with stop and go traffic it will get as hot as 205 -210 F . At those temps I try to go easy on the car . Car feels like it 's getting its best performance when temps read anywhere between 150-180F .
 This gauge was added to my Ford Bronco in addition to my OEM temp gauge for better viewing on the dash , and measures up to my OEM gauge , and was easily mounted and wired , very satisfied and a price you ca n't beat , thanks tom
 I hooked this up as a replacement for an old , tired gage in my boat . Works perfectly and looks sharp !
 very quick deliver.good price , good look , works great.I recomend to buy this item , I 'm realy satisfied with this item
 Excelente producto . Tal y como se detalla en la imagen . Producto Original . Recomiendo 100 % este producto . Llego en excelentes condiciones ! Excellent product . As detailed in the image . Original product . 100 % recommend this product . Arrived in excellent condition !
 this item completes the installation of the gauges in my new dash board on my classic auto restoration project . Thanks .
 Very simple to install , look good and for the price you ca n't beat it ! I bought four different gauges and they all were easy to install , even the oil gauge -LRB- mechanical -RRB- . You can spend a lot more but I doubt that they will be all that much better .
 Easy installation and seems to be very accurate . I am using it for water temperature and installed gauge in dash .
 Easy to install . The light is plenty bright , and the gauge works accurately . This unit replaced the idiot light , and gives me a realistic temp read .
 I use this on my vw diesel to let me know when my WVO is up to temp . Seams accurate and works good . The temperature range is the best that I could find but I would like it to go lower in temperature as well . I think digital display gauges are the only type that I found that read lower temperatures as well .
 CIPA 11500 custom towing mirrors is the best I 've seen yet . They slip over the stock remote control mirrors on my 1997 Ford F350 . I 've had many styles of mirrors that used rubber bands or ratchet straps . CIPA mirrors are sturdy and do not vibrate or shift at all like others do .
 Got these towing mirrors for a factory 1997 F350 with a 10 ' 9 '' Lance camper.Mirrors provide sufficient visibility with minimal vibration . Easy to mount and remove.I would give this product an A + .
 I purchased these mirrors for my 96 powerstroke for towing my 5th wheel . I have used a couple other brands and styles of towing mirrors that were worthless unless you were sitting still idling and bracing them with your hand . This was the best $ 50 I have spent in a long time . Very little to no vibration at hwy speed , even with a stiff wind . Very much worth the money . I would buy them again tomorrow .
 The mirrors fir great over the stock ones , cant wait till its time again to tow so I can use them .
 These mirror extensions are well made and fit great on my '92 Ford F250 with power mirrors , but I had to drill a second hole in the retention tab -LRB- simple fix , although not mentioned in instructions -RRB- to properly secure them . I bought these after upgrading from a 19 ' to 27 ' trailer , and was no longer able to adequately see the rear of the trailer and beyond with my stock mirrors . The increased field of view from the extensions is n't overwhelming , but it 's enough to comfortably see the rear of the trailer and more safely make lane changes . I also added a small piece of foam inside of each extension to protect the chrome finish of the mirrors . Drove 1,300 miles in heavy winds with no problems and no damage to my stock mirrors .
 I was worried they would rattle around alot being so long and plastic , but not the case . They worked great and amazon was the cheapest by far .
 The adapter that secures this tow mirror to a 1994 Explorer is obsolete and out of stock from CIPA . There was no mention of needing this adapter on Amazon but I did see it on other sites before I ordered the mirrors . I was able to fabricate something that works well for me . I still like the mirrors as they fit around the glass area of the original mirror quite well . The 11500 set just does n't fit the outside dimensions of my truck 's mirrors the way they might fit a larger vehicle .
 Everything was as stated and of good quality.The shipment was within the time frame and the packaging was very good . I would reccomend this product .
 Mirrors are exactly what I expected . Amazon service was less than great though . Was in a time pinch and product showed to be in stock , so I ordered with next day delivery . On delivery date they still had n't shipped . When I called and asked , amazon said they were now on backorder . Because of their error I had to pull my camper w/o tow mirrors . Not fun ! Amazon did credit me what I paid for next day delivery , and after some serious and heated complaining gave me a $ 10 coupon to use on my next purchase . All I ask is deliver on your promise . After all , its what `` good '' business people do .
 Made a huge difference , though is quite time consuming , and do not know if I would do the recomended 3 times a season , did take care of the smell emitted by our fresh water tank .
 Not sure what to say other than its a fuel pump and is exactly what I expected . works as expected and fits exactly as the old one did .
 This part was exactly what I needed but it was a major pain to remove the old filter . I had to eventually spray some liquid wrench around the outside of the filter so that it would slide out of its retaining bracket . I also had to do this with the new filter as well . When it comes down to it the part is great but the installation is a major pain without using some sort of lubricant . This is n't the part 's fault ; it 's GM 's engineers ' fault . : -RRB-
 What can I say , it 's a fuel filter and it fit my 2000 S-10 . Install was a PITA , but not because of the filter , I had Wisconsin winters and salt to thank for that . Otherwise the fit was fine and the filter threaded and snapped right into place .
 Product is just what was needed for my truck and cheaper than most places , even when it was shipped to my house , shipping was quick also , would purchase from them again .
 I have tried many different types of RV dumping hoses and many of them leave a lot to be desired . I tried this Rhino Flex and really liked the way it works . I like being able to compress the hose into a smaller unit for storage . I have a storage pipe built into my motor home and this one compresses into this pipe and is quick and easy . There is no doubt that this is an unplesant job but Rhino Flex makes it a little easier .
 I have been using RhinoFLEX products over the years and wanted to have another section in the event I was at a site and needed an extension .
 The product arrived in a timely fashion and was in great shape . However i was told that it would be the newer style hoseand it was not . The hose will work fine , but is not the black newer hose.HAPPY TRAVELER
 I 'm amazed with how long these batteries last . They truly do fully charge in 15 minutes or less . The batteries have no memory so you do n't have to fully discarge the batteries before recharging . My only complaint is that with regular rechargeable batteries the indicator never lets you know when they are charged , whereas with the 15 min . rechargeables the light goes off as soon as they are charged . I guess the important thing is that is does recharge any type of rechargeable battery . You just have to know about how long the type of batteries you are charging take . When in doubt just plug it in over night .
 Thick sunshade and easy to fit on windshield due to the perfectly cut fit . Seems well-made and reduces heat in the car .
 Very reluctantly , I ordered this part in hopes that it was the one I needed . After the part was ordered , I was informed it would arrive in 4 - 5 weeks -LRB- being that I am stationed overseas -RRB- . Not even 2 weeks later , the part was in hand . 5 hours of labor , the new heater core was installed and heat returned to the truck with no issues . Because of this , I was able to save approximately 1,800 dollars ... . to say the least , I am EXTREMELY pleased
 The price was right and it has a really cool access lid to get to the gas valves . Do yourself a favor , when you purchase this item give it a good spray with Armor All .
 Item is everything it is described to be , however , the color is difinitely an `` off '' white . The cover also had very slight scuffs.Otherwise very satisfied , especially considering the price .
 Product arrived without the necessary screws to put it together . But , we contacted the company and they promptly sent the necessary hardware . HAPPY ENDING : - -RRB-
 The tank cover I received has a much more stylish and modern look than the one pictured , and the hinged access cover on top is a must have ... I personally like the Colonial White color over the `` polar white '' type , but maybe the colors on my RV match it better . . It is a pleasant light tan color . . I would highly recommend this product as I have been through three other brands/types and this one is a keeper . .
 The other reviews are definitely correct -- the cover is not white . It is more of a light tan . The company should change the photo to the correct color but it does seem to be made fine . We bought it for a pop-up & it seems to work like it should . I would still recommend it , regardless of the color .
 This product was exactly as it was described in the ad and it fit perfectly over twin 30lb . propane tanks on our camper . Would order again from this supplier .
 The tank cover was everything that I expected ... easily assembled and fit perfectly over my 30 # tanks on my trailer . The access covers allow easy access to turn on/off the tank valves . Comment on construction ; it would be great if the material was not quite as brittle ... I accidentally dropped it off the workbench while assembling the unit , causing a small piece of the flange to break off .
 The product itself seems to be sturdy , and I like the covers for the gas handles , but I would have much preferred to have a more `` polar '' white color rather than `` colonial '' . Nonetheless , the price was right ... and it got here early even using super saver shipping ...
 This is a light case , but it holds up good . We never had a cover before , so it looks a lot better with the cover on our gas tanks .
 I gave this 5 stars because it is what it is and it 's what is sold all around in RV repair/sales shops ... personally , I do n't think it 's so heavy duty , but it 's the best one on the market . I 've checked out many of them in my travels at RV stores and they cost much more than what I paid for this one . It works , it does mark easily so be careful about rubbing the hitch crank on it , but it is a good buy here on Amazon.com .
 Easy to install . shipped in two pieces , with all hardware necessary . I really liked the access doors allowing me access to the valves . I did however install a plastic baffle which I laided in over the top of the two tanks and screwed into the front and back of the cover which will prohibit the cover from being sucked off in transet .
 Nice thick material . Very good fit on my 30 # cylinders . Very nice feature to have lid on top to open and close the Cylinder valves . For the price it is an extreamly good purchase . Better than the stock cover .
 Was exactly as explained was able to fix problem with my quad . Love these manuals would recommend to a friend
 Very helpful manual , supplements the factory manual nicely due to better photos of the machine . Manual was selling for a fair price . Thanks
 I have had this on my truck for 2 weeks and I have been very pleased . There is a few videos on Youtube that will help you with the installation . The water pump fits well . Chances are that most people will be replacing this pump due to leaking antifreeze . The bearing in my water pump was fine but the gaskets that were pretty much gone . With a cast iron block you can rest assured that there will be some rusting due to this . I advise putting some liquid gasket on the supplied metal gaskets when you put it on . That way you do n't run into the same issue you have had and you can be sure not to have any future leaks . Many people use permatex but I used Yamabond . All and all this took about 2 hours to complete.I would also suggest taking a look at you thermostat outlet and make sure that is fully functioning . I replaced mine due to corrosion . Clean all the gasket area 's with a flat head screwdriver or razor blade . All of the old gasket must be removed.The weakness in this GM design is the gasket . Be sure you take you time and torque the bolts with a torque wrench 22-24lbs . This is vital in order to seat the gasket correctly.If you do this you will not have any issue on this replacement .
 fast shipping , great quality -LRB- new part -RRB- , and a very reasonable price . part worked perfect . I think this is the best deal around on a new water pump .
 Website was easy and 2 day delivery was great . Part fit just fine and is working . No faults for coolent and I dont have to refill every three weeks .
 I bought the Sunpro CP8216 mechanical oil pressure gauge and the Sunpro CP8215 voltmeter along with the Sunpro CP7551 2 gauge pod . I was dubious because of the extremely low price of the items . I 've had them in my classic Mustang for over a year already and they are GREAT !!!! No problems and no regrets ! I could spend many times what I did for these , but I could n't get any better results than these gauges give me . I recommend them to anyone !
 Been using this for 2 years , has n't failed me yet . Works perfect ! Works so well I actually notice the small but subtle oil pressure difference -LRB- when car is fully warmed up -RRB- between old and new oil which tells me it 's time for an oil change , go figure , when using conventional oil it always seems to be around 3k miles . On a warm day when car is hot and oil temp reads 180F -LRB- yes I got a sunpro oil temp gauge which is just as awesome -RRB- , the new oil will idle right at 25 psi . Between 2k and 3k miles that pressure will slowly start to drop and at 3k miles on a warm day when car is hot -LRB- oil temp reads 180F -RRB- it will idle at about 20 psi . Not that either of those pressures are bad , just stating how accurate and precise this gauge really is .
 Very simple to install , look good and for the price you ca n't beat it ! I bought four different gauges and they all were easy to install , even the oil gauge -LRB- mechanical -RRB-
 this is a very good oil pressure meter , looking very nice . i like it . it has full set of auxlaries , that 's convenient
 This is the gauge that I use for diagnosing engines - only gets hooked up temporarily and strapped to the windshield wipers for a quick cruise to see what the oil pressure ACTUALLY is before deciding if an engine needs a full rebuild or not . Works great and it would be a good gauge to install permanently - I would get a copper pressure line for that use , though .
 Bought this air filter to replace the stock one . Arrived on time and the fit was good . Have only ridden the bike a few times since the install , but so far all seems good .
 This item was as described and was easy to install if you are mechanically inclined . My one complaint is that the directions should have a diagram . If there were a diagram the this would be easy to install by those mechanically Inclided as well .
 My bike looks so good with the fabrication my husband did on my speedo housing and this bracket brought it all together !!
 The mount was shipped to me very quickly . The fit is very good and the finish is fantastic . It comes with all of the screws needed to attach the mount your bars and to attach the gauges to this part . Excellent product all around .
 I have a 2003 VW Jetta TDI Wagon . We 've used the hitch quite a bit , it 's surprising what the wagon will pull . I did warn my wife that the tongue is only rated to 200 pounds , and I weigh more than that so it puts things in perspective . When we load the trailer we put the wheel jack down first , then after loading try lifting the tongue to judge how much weight is there . I did install the hitch myself in about an hour . The sheet metal of the car was surprising soft and easy to drill , I was expecting more of a hardened steel . I did have problems with the funky looking nut with tag attached , mainly that the tag promptly fell off and I had to use long tweezers to hold it in place while securing the bolt . Overall though it was well worth it , it fits well , looks good , and does the job .
 I have to say , you should feel comfortable doing work on the car , have good power tools , and not have a bumper that goes very low that you have to cut . You will probably need a helper.The product is very well built . the welds are solid , the coating looks durable . The customer service is top notch . I think it comes directly from the manufacturer in a very sturdy box .
 I put a set of -LRB- 6 -RRB- in my 2002 Mazda 626S , and over the last 4 months I have seen an increase of MPG in my fuel consumption . I went from an average of 25mpg to 27.2 mpg . A slight noticeable increase in `` Getup-N-Go '' has also increased my smile with these beauties . I 've always been of the mindset that OEM spark plugs are best , but after installing the NGK G-Power Platinums , I have decided that I will stick with these for all my future autos.I am a Mechanical/Aeronautical Engineer and I am very critical about customer reviews . However , one can not go wrong with these.Alex J.P.S. Gap your plugs .004 '' larger than OEM Spec .
 I have used these G power plugs from my BMW 's to Honda 's . They have worked flawlessly . There are no complaints . I have used some other brands in the past but caused rough idling etc. . but these works fantastic . I got little bit better gas mileage and also better acceleration . Purchase these plugs and you wont be disappointed .
 Installed them on a 2003 Hyundai Elantra GLS . Idle speed and low rpm performance improved noticably compared to the old Champion plugs that were in it . Time will tell how long they last , but I suspect they will be with me a long time .
 I used these for my '01 Mitsu Gallant . It idles much smoother now and gets a bit better mileage , but there was no major performance difference -LRB- I really did n't expect one , either , for an older car -RRB- I 'm not really a car guy , but NGK was very highly recommended by a buddy of mine who is , for what it 's worth .
 NGK Power Platinums work flawlessly , the best plug in terms of performance and duration for most Asian cars -LRB- check your manual for exact specs -RRB- ... so , now , why all the stupid reviews of guys rating the AMAZON NGK offer as ` misleading because they show set of 1 Spark Plug and this is unclear because a set should be 4 plugs ' ??? Such a special person fails to comprehend the ` cryptic ' description of ' 1 ' spark plug but thinks he can do anything productive by tackling his own car repair ? Geesh ... probably the same guy in front of me last week @ Autozone who was trying to return a battery that ` does not work ' since he had left the plastic post covers on when he installed it in his Buick ... good times ...
 I have a Mazda Protege 5 2003 which had OEM NGK spark plugs installed that needed to be replaced because of normal mileage maintenance , no problems with them other wise . I did some research by going to NGKs website and going to Mazda Protege online forums . From what I deduced found it best to stay with the NGK brand . Also from my Japanese motorcycle experience NGK was always far superior in performance and durability to any other brand I attempted to use . In reading about NGK spark plugs in Mazda vehicles like mine and using NGK in the past , my opinion is the G power NGK spark plug line seems the best balance of performance-quality for the least amount of money that NGK offers as of 2007 . Finally shipping thru Amazon was NOT as prompt as other online retailers I have used for parts , arrived 3 days latter than another online parts retailer I have used , the shipping was `` ground 3-5 days '' . The slow shipping is the only reason why I did not give 5 stars .
 This Aero-Flo Roof Vent Cover was purchased as a replacement for the same cover we installed 6 years ago . A much better design , as the original had four clips that had to snap into slots to hold it together . As the material aged , the clips were much harder to snap . After 6 years the material become brittle and broke . The new design has elimimated the clips , and now has two good sized scews that hold it together .
 AERODYNAMIC VENT COVER . EASY INSTALLATION . OPENS LARGE FOR CLEANING . GREAT AMAZON PRICE AND FREE SHIPPING .
 i used it to put over a broken vent on my trailer . it was much easier than drilling out all the rivets on the old crank up vent and risking a water leak . it was a breeze to install . it is a bit bulky , but what the heck .
 Read the reviews here on Amazon and one review mentioned that they used it on a Fan-Tastic Vent with no problems . Well that was just what I wanted to hear and decided to give it a try . I was able to order three Camco 40421 covers with free shipping . Installation was not hard but if you want to use the nut and bolt option for a regular vent I had to drill out the diameter of the hole in the mounting bracket a little for the bolt to fit through . Each vent cover comes with self sinking screws -LRB- wood screws basically -RRB- and nut and bolt . On the Fan-Tastic Vent I used the self sinking screws and was just real careful when I drilled the pilot hole . After installation everything works great and I am very pleased . We will see how long they last but so far so good .
 My husband installed the Camco Aero-flo Roof Vent Covers with relative ease . The silver looks good on top of our aluminum roof car trailer . It is our hope that we will be able to open the roof vents and get some air circulation in the trailer without getting rain or snow inside . We have n't tested them as yet -LRB- driven down the road -RRB- but we are pretty sure they will do the job provided we can keep the roof vents from vibrating shut . These roof vent covers are well constructed and seem quite durable .
 Great service . Vender sent in 2 shipments in order to get them to me at the same time , as he had one and had to dropship the other . He did not charge me for the seperate shipment . The order was in perfect condition and very easy to install . I will use this vender whenever I can thanks .
 I have this on all 4 of my vents and broke 1 , this is a replacement . I now have perchased a total of 5 need I say more
 Purchased three of these over time to replace the existing sun damaged ones on my RV . Most critical to my purchase decision was that these be exact replacements to those I already had to ease installation . They also needed to be high enough to allow my OEM crank open vents to open up inside the covers . These vents met all of those requirements in my case . Your installation procedures and time may vary from mine depending on what you already have or do n't have.For me , installation consisted of popping open the top of the existing two-part cover ; removing four small stainless steel bolts that attached the cover to the aluminum brackets previously installed under the old installation ; and then reversing the process with the new cover . Unneeded brackets included with the new cover were discarded . Total time was about 15 minutes for each , including gathering the required tools.Tools used were a pair of screwdrivers -LRB- flat and phillips -RRB- and a 1/4 &#34; ratchet with a 6 &#34; extension and the appropriate size socket . In my case , the mounting screws were installed with the nut up when you opened the top of the vent . If you are replacing and the previous installer installed the bolts the other way , you will need an appropriately sized box wrench in place of the ratchet . These covers sit off the RV roof a small amount so there is room to get a box wrench in there to hold the nut from the bottom . You can use the box wrench to loosen the nut or turn the botl out with a screwdriver while holding the nut . My bolts were stainless so rust was not a problem . If the bolts are not stainless and are rusted , expect more of a problem removing the old ones . Use the new bolts included with the cover as replacements . Depending on whether or not you want to climb up your RV ladder , a separate ladder may also be required for rooftop access.Actually took me longer to gather the required tools than it did to replace the covers.Depending on where you camp , I have been told that a good life expectancy on these covers is about five years due to the sun 's ultraviolet damage . My front one was so brittle after about 7 years that a small tree limb hitting it in a campground shattered the top half of the cover , thus starting the whole process of replacing all three .
 was looking for new vent covers , bought some at camper world but they did n't fit the same . looked on internet found the identical replacement part , same style , same securment , etc. items shipped and arrived as stated . thank you .
 I purchased our three as replacements 4 years ago when we bought our used 5th wheel - just in case as one was damaged when we took delivery and did n't notice . So far , these have worked as hoped , we can leave a vent cracked while the trailer is in the drive or even traveling . As far as tough - pulled one off with a power line while backing into our driveway -LRB- a power company problem , since fixed -RRB- , it dropped 12 feet with no other damage but the bolt holes . Put it back , used new bolts and some fender washers and 2 years later still as good as before the day it came down
 pretty much a breeze to install took about 20-30 minutes per unit to drill and place on top of rig.does limit the full open travel height of normal vents but not enought to hinder ventilation.in the windy west , New Mexico works good for keeping vents from being blown around by the 30-50 mph gust.Can ' t say about keeping the rain out have n't traveled to a state yet that gets rain.Overall easy to install and has a lower profile than max air vents which normally reach the height of the ac units .
 Purchased a roof fan air vent by Camco . My husband was thrilled with the ease of securing it , the side air flow along with the rear . This product worked with Fantastic Fan which we were told would not . It is also $ 60 less than the competitor plus FREE SHIPPING ! Thank you camco and Amazon
 Very easy to install , great instructions . Protects roof vent , allows a lot of air in .
 Installation was relatively easy on my Fantastic fan . Just followed the instructions and total install time was less than 45 min . I have a small rv and the cover -LRB- white opaque ordered -RRB- appears to be less bulky and lower than most of the vent covers of this type when viewed from the exterior . The cover height provides adequate room for the Fantastic lid to be raised three quarters open which allows the fan to be operated on high speed . No negatives from my observation .
 I bought a Fan-tastic vent -LRB- exhaust only -RRB- to replace a really cheezy , cheap vent that came on my truck camper top . Looking at some of the types available & reviews , I tried the AERO-FLO vent cover by -LRB- Camco RV -RRB- . The components are produced without flaws or problems , and looks to be designed very well . I took some time installing the brackets - leaving a little more room at the hinge end/front of truck . When installed the vent opens to about 4 '' to turn on the fan-top limit switch , and opens completely -LRB- to top cover -RRB- at about 9-10 '' . It is supprising how much room is inside to raise the vent . I sprayed the hinge and closing screws with silicone , carefully putting them together . Of course , I would prefer something like a stainless steel hinge-rod , but for the inexpensive price and a well-made -LRB- USA -RRB- product , I am happy with it . Over time I will check the way it is attached -LRB- the self-tapping screws w/the lock washers needed to be used - and did n't hit anything behind the frame ! -RRB- and try not to hit it with too many tree branches .
 have been using these for the past 5 years on various campers and always satisfied with ease of mounting and functional design . no problems within 5 years of degredation of material . vent opens to 2/3 's of its full open capability inside of the cover .
 This product works well with the fantastic fan for a fraction of the price of some of the others marketed for the same purpose . I like the hinged design . Not sure about its ' long-term durability , but time will tell . Comes with hardware needed to install on traditional RV roof vents -LRB- mounted through metal framework -RRB- as well as hardware to mount on fantastic fans where the outer frame is plastic and you can not get to the back side of the housing .
 Camco Areo Flow Roof Vent work great , just like the ad said . It is low profile and easy to install . I am able to open the vent conver and leave it open while traveling down the road . Good product ata good price ...
 Used this over a bathroom fan in my travel trailer . Allows the vent to open and the fan to function . Easy install . You can leave your vent open , even in a hard rainstorm and no leaks . This is great for people like me who sometimes forget to close the vents . Good price fast ship .
 Shifts like new on my BW Super T-10 and actually feels slightly more solid than I ever remember on the origional 4 speed hurst on my 76 Trans Am . Silky smooth with good solid stops . The through is exactly like the origional and is the same factory chrome look of the 70 's era hurst shifters . Also recommendHurst 2480003 Back-Up Light Switch which will probably be a must if you have headers since your reverse light switch linkage will likely not fit any longer .
 This is a must if you own a Ford Escape . Uhaul does n't offer a hitch for the Ford Escape and you want to be careful when it comes to `` modified '' hitches . This is the best hitch we have found for use with our bicycle rack . Very pleased ! We called a local Curt hitch dealer and no one would get back with us , so once again Amazon came to the rescue .
 The filter fit nicely , helps the Highlander to breath better , looks fine although it 's not seen . I would def recommend buying a K&N filter not only for my Highlander , but most any vehicle you may own .
 I have always used the K&N filters because of performance and price , in the long run I always get a better value . It already improved mpg by 2 , nowadays any increase is good .
 It fits right in , no problems putting it in . I always like K&N filters . I have them in all my cars . Will buy it again for my next car .
 I have purchased K&N products before and I will never buy a normal air filter again . They are a quick installation that really makes a difference in performance and never needs replacing . Be sure to clean the filter and oil the filter per specs for the best performance . I bought this filter for my 2006 RX 400h and it fits perfectly . Double check that the filter is in the correct orientation . I noticed two extra rubber parts on the filter that lined up with my air chamber . I wish that there was a simple instruction saying which side goes where and what goes up . After looking over the filter and air compartment it was simple to figure out .
 Bought the upper hose then lower started leaking popped this one in and she 's doing the job well . If you have to replace your 's i would say do both upper and lower at the same time . I also looked around and this brand is thicker and has a higher heat rating than other brand 's that looked flashier that were more about look 's and dress up under the hood than protection for your ride.I would buy again but i know i wo n't have to ... I installed upper and lower Gate 's hose 's , jet 180 thermostat and water pump From GMB ... GMB is U.S. made high flow water pump . . And my 04 Dd limited is running a hell of alot cooler than b4.It Use to ran just under half way mark on coolent gage now alot less than that . Remember people Antifreeze is only good for 80k to 100k if you havent flushed your or drained it.It 's is time to do it do n't wait tell you over heat or blow your ride up alittle work goes along way my o4 is pushing 174 k and going strong !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This item is exactly what I was looking for for my old convertible . It fits the my model as it should and looks good .
 this window tint . if you are inept at applying window tint , dont buy this . it is not re-usable , and that claim was never made by the manufacturer . Yes , it is time consuming to apply due to the pattern , however , the responce that your vehicle will recieve will be staggering.i have had this on my car for 3 years now , and it is still perfect . no fading , no bubbles .
 everybody that ive showed really liked it . i like it myself too thxs very much
 Had one for 4 years until one light of the two burned out . I just got another one . Even came with velcro sticks . Nice .
 I purchased this same product on Ebay . If you cant afford a real alarm then I would suggest this . I think it is better than not having nothing at all . You cant go wrong under $ 10.00 . If you use a half way decent battery then you shouldnt have to replace the battery for a while . Mine still works after a year
 If you have an older car and you just want to help discourage would be thieves this would seem to help . The only con that I can see is that it is large and if you do n't have tinted windows and the thief has a flashlight he will probably figure out what the unit is . I have tinted windows and all you can see is the lights flashing not the unit . For the price not too bad .
 The fake alarm is not bad . Its exactly what you think it is . It comes with two stickers that look pretty real and as far as the actual alarm goes its okay for the price . Blinks faster than i thought it would but like i said not bad for the price.Pros
 My car was recently stolen , and thankfully recovered a month later undamaged . Now I want to take all the preventative measures I can . I got the Club -LRB- red -RRB- , and this device . My car is old so a real alarm is not an option . But , this device with the velcro attachment concealed looks real to me .
 Is it Star Wars technology no . But this product has always worked when I turn it on . Easy to replacethe batteries when they need replacing . When used at night I think someone would think twice beforebreaking in my car . I wish the there was more of the backing tape , so it would hold on to the surfacewhere it placed better . But for the price I paid for it a good product . Would I buy it again , yes.But purchase two like I did to get free shipping .
 This product only receives four stars because contrary to what other reviewers have stated , the combination of TWO alternating flashing LED lights does NOT resemble any car alarm light I 've ever seen . It has been my experience that most car alarms have a single flashing LED in the center or side of the dashboard - at the top of the dash , where it meets the windshield.However , by simple virtue of the fact that this product gives the appearance to potential thieves of some sort of of car security system present on the vehicle -LRB- though likely not one they 've ever seen -RRB- it works well as a deterrent . After all , if this product can give thieves even a small amount of doubt about your car 's potential to be a target for burglary , it has been successful , and saved you hundreds or thousands of dollars -LRB- depending on your insurance deductible and equipment protected/not stolen -RRB- . To the manufacturer in China
 This looks like the real thing ~ flashing red lights in the front of my truck cab . Great deal for the price . My only complaint is that the sticky glue on the back does n't stick to the dash or anywhere else . Just falls off . I put it in the ashtray -LRB- I do n't smoke -RRB- , where it 's secure and visible . This item along with the decals and a steering wheel lock will keep out the amateurs ... and doubtful a pro would want my truck . Glad I found it . Fast shipping with Amazon Prime .
 Works great , tho when weather/car get hot the sticky stuff used to hold on melts and it falls off .
 It does just what they say it does . Two red lights blinking alternately -LRB- there should be just one -RRB- . Its one of those situations where you 'll never know if the bad guy just walks away .
 Item worked as advertised , does give the appearance of a real working alarm system . In the world of crime prevention any approach is better than none .
 It works . Car has n't been stolen . And we laugh -LRB- hard -RRB- every time one of us gets in to drive .
 I bought this item to simulate an alarm in my truck ... lights flash impressively and it does exactly what I want it to do .
 I was real excited to put this in my car when I received it in the mail . I placed it on the dashboard near my radar and it looks natural/real . When the car is parked at night I flip the switch to turn in on . The lights are quite bright and blink in a pattern . You can easily see them from several feet away shining through the windshield . If you 're on a budget and ca n't afford -LRB- yet -RRB- to get an expensive after-market alarm system and also if you do n't mind a bluff , then I recommend this for you . I 'm going to be getting one for my girlfriends car too . For what it is and for the price -- I give it five stars .
 I have had this for almost three weeks . It has been on continually minus a few days throughout the three weeks and it still working . I had thought maybe the batteries might run down sooner , but it is still blinking . Am very happy to have it and am considering purchasing more.Update , still using this almost everday 24/7 and the batteries are now just running down -LRB- 2/22/12 -RRB- . I would say 4 months of battery life for this is very good.I did order another for a back up . So glad to have them .
 This an affordable way to help keep the criminals away from your car . Put batteries in it place where protential theif can see it and hope he is not too dumb to know the car is being monitored . Buy it !
 I have no idea if this has ever prevented anybody from messing with my car , but it gives me a little extra peace of mind when I park my nice car in a not-so-friendly part of town . I debated on buying a real security system for my car , but the general consensus around my neighborhood is that a car alarm wo n't even turn a head and an overly sensitive alarm is likely to get your car vandalized from annoyed neighbors . This works great for my car because it hides nicely on the dash and with my window tint you cant see that it 's a cheap stand-alone box . The lights however shine brightly enough to be seen through the tint even in the day . I 've had the same batteries in it for over a year . I probably only use it a couple hours a month .
 I ordered this unit to be just another item would-be burglars or car thieves would have to take yet another second or two to look at before deciding to enter my car . The unit fits perfectly into a groove on my console which makes it hard to identify what it actually is from the outside .
 This small light is excellent , the two flashing LEDs are plenty bright at night . I use rechargeable AAA 's and the batteries easily last for many weeks of continuous use . it also comes with stickers warning of an auto alarm . The only complaint is the stickers have faded in the sunlight so do n't look as conspicuous as they originally did.This inexpensive light does give you plenty of peace of mind . I park my car in many not so great areas of Chicago for several days and have not had to worry too much . I also recommend using a wheel to brake lock , so you had another layer of protection against theft .
 This is a funky little light , very `` busy '' looking . Not sure if it would fool a master car thief , but might at least make them think twice . After being broken into one too many times , now leave this blinking whenever I park the car .
 Flashing lights look like a real alarm . Batteries lasting much longer than expected . Gives peace of mind .
 I love this product ! It is my second one , I sold my other car and the buyers wanted to keep it , so I ordered this one.So easy to use . Just put in the batteries and place it where you want in the car . That 's it . It really showes up at night . There is a small recessed area in the lower part of the dash and that is a perfect place.Also love the off-on switch which saves on batteries . The price is very good and the seller sent it very quickly.Highly recommend !
 These things look real enough , especially at night when , presumably , they 're most needed . Of course , they may not fool every would-be car burglar , but any with half a brain will probably opt not to test them . And , at just over 20 bucks for the pair -LRB- including shipping -RRB- , that 's a pretty cheap bluff .
 Although it does n't look like the real car alarm blinking lights that I have or have seen , it is certainly better than nothing . I purchased one for my nephew along with an inexpensive motion alarm . I highly recommend that you get both for a vechicle that has no alarm . It 'd probably be more realistic not to place this device in absolute plain sight . While you want the flashing to be visible , you do n't want the would be theives to see that the unit is NOT built into your vehicle . My advice is to get one of these to ward off potential theives , but first you should at least get a wireless motion detector . If you can only afford one or the other , get the real alarm first . The `` Wireless Motion Sensor Detector Alarm With 2 REMOTE '' by MacTop for $ 14 + $ 7 shipping is pretty good . One nice thing is that it also has a red LED light that is always on , even when the alarm is not enabled . That is good for letting people know there is some type of electronic security in the vehicle . Best of luck avoiding the theives .
 At night , this phoney alarm looks very convincing . When you mount it , rest it on a ledge since the velcro that comes with it is not very strong . I ve had it for a month and the batteries are still working . The shipping was as much as the product but this can not be had in your typical auto parts store . Probably because they would not sell the real thing that costs $ 200 more .
 This device does indeed look like a car alarm . Remember , folks do n't steal stereos because they 're bright . This device would stand up to some scrutiny , but it is doubtful it will have to . The idea is to encourage would-be thieves to move on to a car sans flashing alarm lights .
 I 've experimented with numerous degreasers , as this is so expensive , I started using less expensive cleaners as a `` prep '' product , I 'll clean the part thoroughly with the cheap stuff and than use the Marine Clean as a final cleaning . This seems to work well and saves some money.I found that `` Zep 's '' degreaser , sold in my area at Home Depot , is the closest thing to Marine Clean and is only $ 9 a gallon and works nearly as good .
 I have been using this stuff off and on for a lot of different chores.At first I used it for paint prep and noticed that it actually sometimes breaks down old paint.Then when I rebuilding an engine from 1963 which had huge amount carbon deposits and crud build up I used the industrial strengthde-greaser from the local car parts store , when that ran out I resorted to this cleaner and lem me tell ya this works BETTER!I also cleaned the bbq after a year of bbqing hamburgers , steaks , kebabs it leaves quite the black tar deposits ! Marine clean gets it off though love it!Word of caution , this stuff should n't be taken lightly , wear rubber gloves at all times ! it will dissolve your skin and wear goggles!Maybe expensive but you do n't need a lot , probably you can dilute it water but that cuts down the strength .
 great product . the best cleaning solution i 've ever used - be careful , and use with intelligence . wear gloves and eye protection .
 Even though the title calls out the quad cab the Amazon vehicle selector shows that these will not fit a 2004 2500 quad cab . They fit like a glove . Great product for a good price .
 Product was well packaged . Directions are very basic , just a diagram so could be a problem for someone who is not very good with thier hands , but they look great and went on pretty easy . Just lay it out and match all your bolts first . Very pleased .
 Easy to install . Work great very durable and sharp looking . Would recommend to anyone . Absolute great value for the money .
 I HAVE HAD THESE ONLY A COUPLE OF WEEKS . THEY CAME PACKAGED WELL FOR SHIPPING . INSTALLED WITHOUT A PROBLEM , IF YOU ARE FAMILIAR WITH WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE . THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE VERY BASIC . THEY LOOK VERY NICE WHEN ON .
 I received exactly what was described . It was exactly what I wanted . I saved $ 200 on this item . I paid no shipping . I was well satisfied with the product , price and delivery .
 These are the best wipers on the market . They come standard on Mercedes vehicles . I 've purchased them as replacement wipers for every vehicle my family drives . They clean streak free and virtually silent . Worth the price .
 I was not sure when ordering if it will the be the right one to install . But it fits very well and works as expected
 It lasts the longest and when the price is low enough -LRB- say $ -LSB- ... -RSB- a piece -RRB- on Amazon I buy 6 at a time . That beats wal-mart , kmart , autoparts and garage prices hands down and when buying so many you get free shipping here on Amazon.Shop smart , plan ahead and save money!This fits on the rear window wiper arm on the Subaru Impreza Outback Sport .
 this is an awesome cover . i love the tri-fold ! installation was very easy and has held up great !
 If I could give 10 stars , I would!I 've been using TufOil for about 17 years . First on a Nissan Sentra that gave me about 205,000 miles before I gave it to my mother . She rode it for a bit longer . The car was put to rest eventually due to body rust -- NOT engine problems.I am currently driving a 97 Nissan Maxima with 248,000 miles ! Again , no engine problems whatsoever ! The car is starting to suffer from loose suspension , etc. , but the engine is in EXCELLENT condition . It does n't burn any oil , no knocking , etc. . The engine runs extremely quietly . I expect the engine to last at least until 300,000 miles -- I hope the body can keep up!I believe this product has the same basic principle as Slick50 . Unlike Slick50 where you add a quart every 50,000 miles , you add 4 ounces of TufOil with each oil change.The most important thing for long engine life is NEVER , NEVER , NEVER miss an oil change ! Always do them on schedule . TufOil just makes your oil behave like super-oil . My trick , while a bit expensive , is that I change the oil every 4,000 miles -LRB- easy to remember
 This stuff is is amazing . I use it in all my 4 cycle motors ... Boats , cars , lawn mowers , edger , lube in electric air compressor ... etc. . Wo n't run a motor without it.After the initial break-in -LRB- autos 10,000 miles -RRB- , I use it in everything . Why ? Motors start easier , slightly better auto mileage , but mostly engine protection and longevity.A Honda 5 hp motor on a Trimmer mower is 15 years old and works perfectly ... starts in 1-2 pulls . I am convinced it has saved motors that haveover - heated and that are mistreated by kids . Had a boat that almost caught on fire once due to a plugged intake ... . very bad ... towed by coast guard . I think without it the motor would have been toast . After I did the intake repairs and changed the oil ... worked and ran perfectly.Its always nerve wracking putting some additive in your motors , but my confidence level is extremely high with this stuff .
 I have been a Tufoil fan for a few decades . The secret is to start using the stuff after a fair break-in period - maybe 7,000 miles in a car or less for a motorcycle . At that point , adding Tufoil will virtually eliminate internal engine wear . Eventually your rings will go south , but that 's only a fear if you keep your vehicle for 500,000 miles . In a 1988 Honda Civic , I did a first valve adjust at 150,000 miles . All of the valves were within factory limit . All but three were within new limit . Drove it for another 150,000 miles and gave it to a friend . As far as I know , it 's still going.It has been that way for every vehicle snce . Bottom line , if you buy vehicles and keep them until the wheels fall off , the wheels will stay on a whole lot longer with Tufoil . And during your ownership the engine will work better - far better mileage than EPA says you should get and likely a power increase . The engine is n't trying to digest itself.Use about 5 % by crankcase volume every other oil change . They call it ` the slipperyest substance on earth ' or some such . It really does work . Accept no substitutes .
 I bought this for my boyfriend , who has a somewhat unhealthy obsession with aliens . He loved it ! It 's durable and entirely unique . He loved it so much , he was afraid somebody was going to steal it off his car!Now if only the back window alien decal I ordered would arrive ...
 cant find these anywhere but here now and i 'm so glad that i can get them somewhere . bought a while ago and still retains its bright color
 In spite there has being extreme weather conditions during the year , this decorative item remains like the first day when I received .
 Fits on my antenna and makes the car easier to find in crowded parking lot.Fits snuggly on the antenna and looks good.Has a string attached ... I guess if you just want to hang it someplace , but the string is useless if you put it on an antenna -LRB- scissors fix the extra string thing -RRB- . Certainly worth the cash .
 Comes with a string attached so you can use to hang it on stuff , and a hole so you can place it on your antenna . More interesting than a bald antennaI park underground and have a big truck , and my antenna would smack things on the ceiling and cause the antenna to get scratched and also drew lots of attention . It holds up to the rough conditions of concrete to the face and does get scratched up but it still looks good and does the job .
 I remember as a kid I had one of these on a Monte Carlo that my mom owned , and when I got my first car -LRB- just a month or so ago -RRB- I decided to get this for it.I love the antenna topper but was slightly confused when I got it ; it had a bungee cord on it for , presumably , hanging from your rear-view mirror . A quick snip with a pair of scissors fixed it and it rests on top of my antenna.Now my car is not only awesome , it 's easy to find in a parking lot .
 onley place i could find it this is great got as christmas gife for my mother and she loved it
 It is what it is ... Dorman is a good name and not junk made in China . What more can I say . .
 Could not believe bars were stainless steel at this price . No feedback on this item so I decided to return immediately if I was not happy for ANY reason . Took 15 minutes to install once I read the instructions -LRB- comes with seversl brackets for many applications -RRB- . Looks great , very solid to step on -LRB- I am 6 ' 6 '' , 300lbs -RRB- and hopefully they will last alot longer than the chromed pair I had for 4 years .
 This is not a bug deflector , it is a nose protector . A couple of things ... First maske sure the car is clean and I mean clean . Use the wipes to insure you get good adheasion . You need to have a steady hand and good eyes as this is tuck on using 3M tape . I 've had it on for a few months now and it 's still rock solid . It has cut down on chips and looks great .
 I have purchased several of these in my lifetime and this is the first one that really does the job . I would recommend anyone that needs this extra support , that they invest is one of these inexpensive yet excellent back support while sitting .
 This is a very good product for the price . This item provides the necessary support and works as intended . Good buy !
 The Back Booster is a wonderful product when it works . But after having 4 of these -LRB- 2 in my office , one in my car , and one for my wife -RRB- , only one has shown that it can hold a reasonably full inflation on a continuous basis . The other 3 have an imperceptible slow leak that requires new inflation about every two hours.I emailed Back Booster 's CEO to let him know about this . He was quite aware and told me he was working on this with the manufacturer . He sent me some replacements at no charge , and those are working fine . Because of this great customer service , I 've increased my rating from a 2 to a 4 .
 I was totally impressed with this product that I recommended and bought it for my sister . The one that I bought leaked so I was disappointed because I have been bragging about it . It was one factory defect but when I contacted the company about it , I was so impressed with the customer service!They have an A + customer service ! The president himself made sure I was rectified and the wrong was make right . He sent me 3 new back boosters in place of the one I discarded ! Thank you very much ! This product works and very comfortable support for your back . I use it for my car and it is great for travel as well . It is inflatable to your comfort and another good thing is that it does not feel plastic to your skin since it has a suede-like surface.You can deflate it and put inside your purse when not in use . Great product !
 Product arrived on time and as discribed small and compact , I will write an update after the product once it has been utilize on my next trip .
 I originally got this because I was taking a bunch of flights in a short period , and I needed some relief from terrible airplane seats . This thing worked very well on planes , although it sometimes pushed me too close to the seat in front if there was n't much legroom.Anyway I began using this every day in my office maybe a month or two ago , and it has worked great there too . Unfortunately , it now does n't seem to hold air , or as much as it used to , so the support is provides is much diminished . I 'm not sure if this will still be usable on planes in the future , but I 'm definitely going to have to get a different one for every day use . Of course , this thing also only costs $ 15 -LRB- at least on Amazon right now -RRB- , so I ca n't really complain that it did n't last that long under every day use.I still give this four stars because it did do the job while it lasted , and it 's honestly more convenient to have this while traveling , rather than a full size cushion that does n't deflate .
 I ordered this item because I was just recovering from throwing out my back and was taking a long flight to Hawaii . Before the flight , I used the Back Booster a few times in the car and at the office , and it felt pretty good . Definitely made the recovery easier . The elastic strap that is attached makes it easy to hold the support in place on a car seat or a chair . This is espescially useful for taller people who may want to position the support a little higher . It takes some time to figure out the right inflation amount for you . I use it half inflated at most.The big test came on the 6 hour flight to Hawaii . Again , I found it to work the best when it was about half inflated . One nice feature is that the support is shaped so that one end is a little more round than the other . The instructions state that the round end should be at the top , but you can also turn it so that the round side is down if you need lower support . On a plane , you ca n't secure it to the seat since you ca n't wrap the elastic straps around the back of the chair , but since you 're sitting in one spot most of the time , it stays in place . I thought that it provided great support . I honestly wish I would 've used this even before I had back pain - it would 've saved me many uncomfortable hours on flights.I give the product high marks for portability and durability . It deflates easily and folds nicely into a small pouch . I 'm a big guy -LRB- 6 ' 4 , 300lbs . -RRB- , and lean onto the support as hard as I need to , but this product has not leaked at all . I keep it in the office now in case I start to feel a little bit of back discomfort . For a portable device that can help with back support and discomfort , I 'm really pleased with the purchase .
 I let out some of the air to get it to a point where it felt right for me for low back .
 I bought this to take on long flights . Its small when deflated so I can store it in my carry on . I just blow it up and it supports my back from the horrible airline seats.I love this thing !
 I love this back pillow , but my first 2 or 3 had leaks over a very short period of time . Why would I even try it multiple times ? Because it 's really a great product : - Easily Inflatable and Deflatable-Folds up so you can travel with it easily-Tremendously comfortable - better to have it inflatable so you can &#34; customize it &#34; . Make it right for your needs . Also , if you 're flying , as cabin pressure changes , you can alter the pillow so it stays the way that you need it.Now ... I had this air leak issue . I contacted the company and they sent me several for free ... just in case it happens again.The first of that batch they sent me is still the one I use ... meaning the issue is solved !
 My husband and I used this for our flight from New York to Hong Kong . We were on Cathay Pacific with their newly designed seats that were suppose to be very comfortable . The new seats were n't that great but this cushion definitely helped , especially since my husband had a back surgery a few years before . It made flying in tight economy seats on long flights more tolerable .
 This cushion provides excellent back support . I 'm one who sits at my computer for many hours at a stretch . This is a comfortable back cushion . Great to use during flights . Highly recommended .
 I bought this cushion for my husband when he 's going on a long flight -LRB- about 16 hours plus -RRB- and he has some serious backpain . It is not comfortable at all being in a long flight where you have to stay too long in a cramp seat even if you do n't have any back problem , so you can imagine how it would be when you have a backpain . He told me that the cushion helped supporting his back while he 's on the plane for 16 hours . When I tried it myself at home sitting in front of a computer , it felt good . I think it feels better than the inflatable pillow we used to buy at REI -LRB- now they do n't have it anymore -RRB- which cost only $ 3 . It 's much more expensive than that old inflatable pillow , but it is more durable and has better shape for your back . Plus it is still easy and light to carry while you 're traveling . So I think overall it 's a pretty good purchase .
 I bought a few lumbar cushions b/c I needed one for the car/airplane , one for the office , one for the home office . So I tried 3 different kinds -LRB- all through Amazon -RRB- . I liked this one the best for the car b/c my subaru outback has really weird uncomfortable seats and this one allowed me to deflate it so I had the right amount of support . It also worked well on an airplane for the same reasons . And it folds up quickly . I am buying a second one for my husband because he has tried to steal it !
 If you drive everyday then I think having a light and inflatable cushion is a good choice . I have n't taken it with me for long distance travel , but so far , it works well .
 We buy the back booster 1001 inflatable lumbar support cushion and this product help my doughter in th high school seats .
 Excellent both for my back and wife 's butt.She 's only 5 foot and uses them to increase her height when driving.I 'm 6 foot and these make it far more convenient to switch drivers during long trips.As they are easily inflated and come in a small package , they re easy to take on vacation and use with rental cars.They 're also great for concerts and sporting events .
 Back Booster provides great lumbar support!Lasts long -LRB- over a year -RRB- - more than most inflatable lumbar supports . . and definitely worth the convenience!Everyone needs better lumbar support or you will inevitably end up with low-back pain and tight muscles.Stretch daily , Take breaks often -LRB- i.e. , do n't sit for more than an hour at a time -RRB- , and do n't slouch ! -LRB- you ca n't slouch if you have lumbar support : -RRB-
 I love this cushion ! It is lightweight and convenient to use . The elastic strap fits over the back of many chairs , keeping it from falling on the floor , which happens so often with other cushions . Since it is inflatable , it can be filled to suit the user , and conforms well to the back , and to shifting body position .
 I use the inflatable lumbar support every day , but find it is very small and does tend to lose air . It would be more effective if larger and if used in a more rigid chair.I did bring to the attention of the owner , the loss of air , and was sent 2 replacements . Now I have a 2nd one to use in my computer chair.May even deflate when I travel and take it on train or plane , similar to the inflatable neck pillow.Rather than use the strap to affix it to me , I velcro the strap around a pillow before placing it behind my back .
 This cushion is great for traveling as it saves space and inflates quickly . I do n't use the attached strap to hold it in place as it 's too short .
 I have a bad back , never felt comfortable with various gadgets , but this back booster simply works , inexpensive , lightweight , and it is very effective . My lower back thanks you Back Booster ! Highly recommended ... I emailed the company with some questions and concerns with the product , the owner , yes , THE OWNER of the company emailed me back within minutes , answered all my questions , took care of my concerns , WOW , you can ' beat that type of service ...
 After back surgery , I needed more support for my back and this is the answer ! Since it is inflatable , it is easy to get a perfect fit . Heavy-duty product material , and great price . I am using this product eight to ten hours a day , and it is comfortable and stable throughout the day . I highly recommend it ! Very fast shipping also!Back Booster 1001 Inflatable Lumbar Support Cushion
 Along with theCorflex Medic-Air Seat Cushion 151/2 '' X 171/2 '' , I purchased this lumbar support for a recent flight from Hawaii to the East Coast . Usually , by the time we hit Atlanta my tush is numb and my back is hurting . The Back Booster , however , proved to be well worth the cost . I was much more comfortable and will never travel again without either.I did not bother with the straps on the airplane seat , however I am using it on my office chair and the elastic straps keep it in place without any problem . So far , I 've had no problems with any leakage . It rolls up easily and fits into its carrying bag without a struggle . A few breaths gives it enough volume without being too rigid , and is easily adjustable.Excellent value , terrific product . I would recommend this to anyone needed a lumbar support .
 I ordered the Back Booster on a recommendation of a friend . I manage a restaurant and am on my feet all day and am spent at the end of a shift . I use the Booster in my car for the rides to/from work and I get out of the car feeling great . I now take the Booster in the house to use as well . As a result , I sleep better and have more stamina to chase my 3 year old around the house . Ive told my coworkers about this item and ca n't stress how much it 's made me feel better . I wish I ordered this a long time ago !
 I like this product . I can regulate the intensity of the support according to my situation . I especially like the `` pack up and go '' aspect of this item .
 Having a very bad back , I need constant lumbar support where ever I go and taking this handy , convenient pillow with me provides that no matter what kind of seat I sit in . It is especially helpful in church pews and the straight back wood pews play havoc with my back . Having the pillow allows me to sit in relative comfort .
 I bought this Back Booster for work . I received it immediately , and it works exactly like the description . Great support , never deflates . It was not very easy to inflate , though , like the review notes . I blew it up and it took more than a few breaths . Overall , I would recommend it .
 I lost one on a plane . I still have one and just bought another . I like the ability to change the inflation . They last a long time . The only negative is that the labels tend to wear off quickly , which does n't bother me . Note that all air pillows change firmess on airplanes as altitude and cabin pressure change .
 I 've had a series of different cushions of this kind , concentrating on the inflatable ones because I travel a good deal & have chronic lower back issues . This one is the best so far.I 'm on a month-long African trip and inflated it 2-1/2 weeks ago when I left home . It is still inflated ! The other ones , sooner or later , leaked , even when they were n't defective , but not the Back Booster ! Before I left , the first one of these I had bought stopped holding air -- I think the valve was defective . I wrote the email address on the box and got an immediate answer
 Having had extensive spinal fusion surgery last fall , I was sent this by a friend who ironically had the same surgery a month before mine occurred . She swore this really helped and I have to agree from my point of view . It makes you `` sit right '' which is half the battle with back issues -LRB- having had chronic problems for many years -RRB- . After approx eleven months of daily use it has finally developed a leak , so I am ordering a new one ! Of note , one month after my back surgery , I took a long plane flight -LRB- overnight -RRB- and I would not have done well without this cushion , it will be coming with me on any future flights !
 I bought this on a whim and wondered if I could have found a better product elsewhere . However , I 'm glad I ordered this . I love that fact that it can be inflated for various degrees of support . It 's good for chairs that do n't have a lot of ` seat ' room ... you just inflate it less . And I like the strap - so handy for lawn and deck chairs . Because it 's inflatable , it 's deflatable ... packs well in a pocket or purse . I own several types of support cushions and I must say I like my inflatable ones best for unwavering firmness .
 This company , gave me no hassle or cost to return this back booster . I received this Back Booster in mid-July 2012 and by the first week of September 2012 it had sprung a leak and became unusable . I 'm assuming that it was just this particular back booster that was defective , because the maker of this product displayed such integrity in offering and quickly following through on letting me return the item for a full refund and they paid the cost of shipping . In fact they sent me my refund before I even returned the Back Booster . So for all of these reasons I give them my five star rating .
 This is literally my first review after ordering on Amazon for many years.This inflatable lumbar cushion is really as good as I had hoped it would be . I 've tried them all , the mesh one , the foam curved one , pillows , an inflatable exercise ball ... What I really like about this is that you can inflate it just the way you want . If it seems a little too much , I just let a little air out . I exercise , stretch , take breaks from the office chair throughout the day , but still need the lumbar support when I sit for and this really has been the best product I 've found so far . Also , I love the portability and have brought it with me to the movie theater , for music rehearsals and gigs -LRB- I 'm a professional clarinetist in addition to my day job -RRB- and other places where I have needed to sit for long periods of time.It did start to leak air after a few months , but after sending an email to Dan -LRB- the owner -RRB- through his website backbooster.com , I received a response back in literally 3 minutes with a message that a replacement was on the way . For only around 15 bucks , I would imagine that an air leak is going to happen in a few products here and there . But rest assured that the owner sticks behind his product and will help work with you .
 I 've been using this cushion for five months and I love it . It gives me great support for my lower back , it 's firm , but comfortable . The strap really keeps it in place on my office chair . Also , I have n't had to re-inflate it yet . I highly recommend this product .
 This product works well for travelers using rental cars or airlines . I gave it four as opposed to five stars because the adjustment process -LRB- blowing into a tube then trying it -RRB- is inherently a litte tedious . And over-inflating can be bad for your back as well.On the other hand , it stuffs into your carry-on/briefcase with no problem and works well once adjusted . So the ability to deflate it completely is also inherent to its value .
 I am a semi-frequent flier , and I like lumbar support when sitting on a plane or in a car . This Back Booster 1001 Inflatable Lumbar Support Cushion is the BEST back pillow I have ever used.It is slightly larger than its competition , it is made of thicker material , it has a clever waist belt attached so that the pillow stays in the exact perfect position behind you , and most importantly it has a tough plastic valve for inflation . The problem with other brands , especially the Lewin N. Clark back pillow , is the valve eventually fails , and then the air seeps out while you are using it . The Back Booster uses a heavy duty valve that requires the user to pinch it open while inflating . This makes for a secure seal . Much better than Lewis N. Clark .
 My husband loves the back booster . He takes it to his car and any air travel .
 I like this product . I had a problem with one holding air and , even though the warranty period had expired , I had immediate and positive response from the developer . He will replace the defective item . So buy it and enjoy .
 easy to use and extremely comfortable . I would highly recommend this to anyone who has to sit for any length of time and has lower back problems .
 `` The Back Booster is a terrific product . I have had one strapped to my desk chair for months , giving me the best back support of any cushion or wedge that I have ever used . This thing is very rugged , and the company prides itself in quality as well as customer service . I actually had a problem with one cushion leaking -LRB- in the valve , I believe -RRB- , which I believe is pretty rare . I emailed the company and the owner immediately replaced mine , without question . Again , I think such problems are so rare , but defects do happen , with any product .
 I was nervous about buying this product , having seen all the problems with it , but so far so good . no leaks and it has maintained the air fill properly . have n't used it too much yet , but the times I have needed it , it has been a big help .
 It does the job at a good price . I recommend it for those who need lumbar support .
 Works great on the plane . Being 6 foot tall , the plane seats do not always hit my back right and I can never relax and end up with a sore back . With this all i need is one good breath of air and it gives just enough support for my back for the plane ride to be comfortable .
 This product works as promised . Very useful in a variety of situations , and you can easily adjust the level of inflation to provide more or less support or adapt to different chairs or seats . Recommended .
 Wonderful product , i bought this item for my wife and she loves it for her office chair .
 I am pretty thin so when I sit in an airplane seat there is usually an inch or two of space between the small of my back and the back of the airplane seat . This fills the space , and gives the seat a more cushioned feel altogether . For long flights , this is a must for me and makes the flight pleasant ... without it I am in pain only an hour into the flight .
 This is the product I was looking for . When deflated , it 's small and portable to bring on those long back-breaking airplane travels . I also use it as a back booster in my home office .
 I have one in my car and I fly a lot and I bring another with me on planes . It only takes a few seconds to blow it up and you have excellent back support . Although given the change in cabin pressure , one might want to wait until they reach cruising altitude . The product is durable although I did where one out or poke a hole in it in my car after a few month .
 These pillows do provide good back support , BUT they seem to last only a day or two beyond Amazon 's 30-day return deadline , and then they develop bad leaks which make them unusable . Kinda expensive for 30 days worth of back support ! 05/24/12 - The manufacturer read my review and sent me two new pillows . I took one of them on a 35-day cruise , which included a 10-hour flight , and the pillow performed flawlessly throughout that time . No leaks , and great support and comfort . I have been using the other one in my car and can report the same great results.I appreciate the chance to try them again and am delighted with results now .
 This is great support for the lower back . I like it because you can adjust the size of it . If you set in a chair at work or home this is what you need .
 I got the back booster to relieve minor back ache in various chairs . I can now inflate it to the level I need for any certain chair or for the car . I was concerned the air might shift to the sides away from where I wanted the support , but it is working fine . I do n't have the need to deflate and take it traveling , but that will be a good feature should that come up .
 When I get it down to the right amount of air for the proper support it is wrinkled . Also it 's not very wide . Maybe just barely wide enough for my 36 '' waist . A `` PlUS '' WAS THE ATTACHED PLASTIC STRAP WITH CLIPS TO HOLD IT IN PLACE ON THE CHAIR . Still it 's the most comfortable I 've found . My chair is perfect except for it needed just a little lower back support . Now it 's perfect , except for the ugly Wrindled cushion on it .
 The Back Booster provides Fantastic support for the lumbar . I have a herniated disk in my lower back and require firm back support whenever I sit for long periods of time . The Back Booster back support feels similar to the lumbar support in the high end cars . You can adjust the firmness simply by adding or reducing air . It fills with a couple of breaths . It packs down so you can carry it in cargo pants pockets . CAUTION . If you use it for flying , do not inflate it until you get to altitude . Pressure changes in the plane may cause the Back Booster to overinflate and pop .
 this thing works great ! i have it in a pc chair under a sheepskin car seat cover , i have a gel/water cushion under rear and this on back of seat i found it works best and is most comfortable when its nearly flat , maybe 1 good breath inside , like this it provides support and suspension , inflated to full its too thick and bows my back , i can sit literally all day comfortably , it has been under the seat cover well over a month and none zero leakage issues at all , i think people who complains it leaks got a bad unit or overinflated it and weigh 300 lbs and sitting on it , for the price this is the bomb for lumbar comfort and i recommend it highly
 Great product . Have only been using it when I travel but so far it has been doing its job well . I like it . Makes your travel comfortable .
 Got this to help with air travel after a tough back surgery . The product worked perfectly for me . Easy to inflate , but also easy to adjust . Inflate to a little more than needed and then lean back on the cushion and squeeze the air valve to release air until the support feels comfortable . Folds up into a small bundle and stows easily in the supplied storage bag . Great value for the money .
 I use this on the bus for my commute to work daily and it has kept me from having backaches . I only needed a little something extra and since it is adjustable , it fit the bill !
 It is lightweight and easy to position on the back of a chair . It is very comfortable and gives good support for 2-3 hour keyboarding and most important of all it does n't leak so you do n't have to adjust the comfort level every time you use it . I wish it came in a few more colors . Plan on buying more .
 Easy to inflate and works very well for car , home or office.Inflatable with a carry case makes it easy to carry when traveling .
 Truly works and totally amazing !!! For cars , bars , homes , really anyplace that you 're going to site for awhile . Very sturdy and ability to use as much or little air for perfect comfort .
 it ' s adjustable by simply inflating it to where you want . well designed to help my lower back pain . not at all cumbersome to move any where you want and is very light weight to position for any chair and where on the back you want to place it . . nice texture for bare skin . it even has a strap , which i never use , to place it on any chair . can be deflated and carried on a plane for long flights if you want .
 The item was accurately described , and worked very well for what I wanted it to do for me . For the price , I got a bargain .
 I like how this comes all folded up for easy travelability . I ca n't wait to try it out on my long plane trip to portugal .
 I have a bad back and have to commute to my sons school everyday ! 600 miles a week ! This is has saved my back !!! Thank you is not enough , believe me !!!
 I have to sit for hours at the computer to do my work , and my lower back has been bothering me on and off for years . I tried the Back Booster at the suggestion of a friend , and it is GREAT ! It is easy to inflate and deflate when I move around to another location . The packaging is nice and fits in my purse . I have gotten more to give to other friends with similar problems as well .
 I sit in a chair all day for work and usually finish the day with a sore back . After using this for awhile , I have no more pain at the end of the day and my back feels great ! Also travel alot and love it on the plane too !
 I use this in my nursing chair - before getting it I was always uncomfortable while nursing and rocking my baby and my back would hurt whenever I got up . Now , my lower back is supported , the chair is so comfortable and I am not in pain anymore.It is also great to use on the airplane because you can deflate it and it packs really small to fit in any carryon . I would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 Great product for those who sit at computers for long hours and for airline travel too .
 I have suffered from backpain when sitting for 20 years . I have finally found something that I can take anywhere . I LOVE SITTING NOW !!!!!! Thank you so much . I have recommended this to all of my bad back friends .
 Fly over 200k miles per year . Ca n't do it without lower back support . Back booster works great and very light-traveller friendly
 I ordered this perfect inflatable back support cushion from Amazon which gave IMMEDIATE relief , for about $ 14 . It is called the Back Booster 1001 Inflatable Lumbar Support Cushion . I shall recommend it to my physiatrist.I have spent -LRB- too -RRB- much time and money trying to find something that would be just right for travel and have now discovered that item ! It really does fold up small enough to stick in your jacket pocket and it inflates/deflates easily.I have had to return several other products of this nature which just did not feel comfortable and cost as much as three times the price , thankfully I have now been refunded for all .
 This back support is very convenient to move around from location to location . It has helped me in long driving trips . Right when I get out of the car , I 'm not stretching out my back like I 'm sore or anything . The strap is wraps pretty tight around almost any chair , so it does n't move around too much which is great . I think for the price , it 's a great deal.I give it a 4 star rating because it 's just basic versus some of the very fancy back supports out there . But it definitely gets the job done .
 I just used my new Booster support on a trip across the county and back . The material was thicker and more durable than I expected . It was easy to blow up and held the air load throughout all four legs of my trip . It has a good quality valve - one that requires you to squeeze it to release the inner flap . This way that air does not rush out as you are inflating . I was also happy to see that it came with an small storage pouch to contain it while traveling . As for the support , it was pretty darn good . I felt plenty of lumbar pressure -LRB- as I wanted -RRB- in the poor airline seats . In fact , I deflated a bit to reduce the pressure for more comfort . Totally worth the money .
 Just used the inflatable Back Booster 1001 pillow on an airline trip and it was great ! Wonderful help for my lower back - stayed inflated during the entire flight . Highly recommend this pillow .
 I use this to clean and protect anything that is fiberglass , vinyl , and any painted surfaces . It works like magic on my plexiglass motorcycle wind screen - cleans off road grime , bug guts , etc , and never leaves any scratch marks . Works great on the vinyl rub strip on my boat . Needs to be used carefully to not leave streak marks . I use a first cloth that is wet with the Pro-Tec to clean and treat , and a second dry cloth to wipe to a clean and shiny surface to not leave any streak marks . Glad that Amazon sells this product !
 We use this product exclusively on our R.V. Takes the road dirtoff , cleans and protects the surface .
 I spent weeks trying to locate a shifter for an 82 Camaro 2.8 L 4-speed . This was the best shifter online that I felt I could come up with and was recommended . Well it did not fit the car , is made more for a V8 with the bracket included . I would have had to extensively cut the floor -LRB- which directions said may have to do -RRB- . I did some other modifications to the orginal bracket to make it fit . As far as the shifter and what all comes with it , you can not beat the deal and it shifts Great ! Very close ratio . Amazon is the least priced place I found it .
 I highly recommend this to all . The items from Hitch Critters are good and help get the attention of those driving too close . They also provide a laugh to those who would otherwise get road rage . The one I purchased worked great and looks good .
 People literally stop and ask to take pictures !! It is a great product to bring a smile to the face of total strangers ! : -RRB-
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 Buy this and save your awning . Sharp corners of your doors will cut your awning . This will stop the damage !
 Simple , inexpensive , and reliable . This little rolling wheel does its job well . Our new awning has never come in contact with the square corner of our camper door since we installed this roller . I would recommend it to anyone who needs to make sure the awning on their camper is protected from snagging on a square-cornered door .
 I saw that my awning was getting scraped by the door . I raised it up higher but that let in more sun light and rain than I wanted . I started searching Amazon and found this little item . It is easy to install and works great . The plastic disk works fine for the screen door . I would have prefered a second wheel for the screen door but attachment would be a problem .
 To be honest , when I ordered the awning roller and screen door slide I accidently ordered 2 of them . The cost of each was so low I really did n't notice it until after the transaction . They arrived quickly and were easy to install . The quality is great and should last the life of the trailer , a new KZ BH . The extra one ? I am sure I will find a use for it or I may be there to save the day for another camper .
 Bought this after putting a screen door on our deck . The corner of screen was catching our awning , so I remembered , that I had one on our RV , to keep door from rubbing that awning . So got this one and solved problem . Took two minutes to install . handy product .
 Used this patch to seal a couple of dent in my pop up roof ... . easy to use and seals wondefully ... do n't think I 'll ever have any problems with it
 Good product . The shine remains . But the screws get rust and that rust flows over the plates .
 The only problem was that the Honda H letter goes where the stickers for the tag year and month would be . So it totally covered the month and year - not good . I used it on the front of the car instead of holding the dated license plate . But it is what is pictured .
 Very pleased with this frame . It is heavy duty , was easy to install , even for a woman . It also looks very nice .
 This frame looks good and was easy to install . Keep in mind that it is for only one frame and not two , like other reviews say .
 So far this frame looks exactly like it did in the pictures , however , I did n't realize until I put it over my plate that it would cover both the first and last letters of my license plate.I 'll update in a few months as to whether it gets corroded .
 I was very surprised to find this particular item on Amazon . It is after all for a vehicle that is 19 years old . It fit perfectly and I now have fully functioning heat and AC . In addition the part was received quicker and was less expensive than ordering it from Auto China . I am very impressed .
 Dayco 71723 Lower Curved Radiator HoseExcellent quality nice and stiff as apposed to very soft where it might suck shut or collapse.Dayco has been around many many years and I trust them.Buy with confidenceWill add pictures soon.RagenRat
 Thank goodness I found this on Amazon ! I had one for over 12 years , but needed several more for passenger seats , another car , and to give as gifts . Could n't find in any store locally , but did a google search , and Amazon popped up.You simply place this on the seatbelt at the very top , where the seatbelt comes from the car , above your left shoulder as you sit in the driver 's seat . Then , you slip this up to relieve the tension of the seatbelt , but just enough so the seatbelt is close to you , but not rubbing up against your body and clothing.Although this little piece of plastic looks simple , nothing else works as well . Thanks Amazon , for carrying such a wide variety of products and for the convenience of shopping without leaving the house .
 This product falls into the category of `` Why did n't I get this sooner ?!?! '' I 've been using mine for well over a year now , through every season , with heavy coats and skimpy Tees . They work as described , and wear comfortably , eliminating the seatbelt chaffing across my collar bone and neck . An inexpensive fix for nagging discomfort in the car .
 If you have a `` tummy '' and find the seat belt just a tad uncomfortable at times , this little adjuster helps . Depending on the coat or clothing you are wearing while driving , the seatbelt can fit differently and this little adjuster helps with the fit . Also , on a long trip it 's really helpful as it prevents the belt from rubbing against you in the same place for a long period of time . I 'm pleased with mine .
 This clip holds the shoulder belt nicely , but adjusts easily when needed . Note that if the shoulder belt is slipping in the clip , try running the belt through it in the other direction - if you had it feeding through over-under-over , try under-over-under . I believe that the price -LRB- currently $ 5.61 -RRB- is very steep for a piece of plastic that probably costs just a few cents to produce , but I wo n't let that change my star-rating , because the product does work .
 I 've been using these for years , and they 're great . Easy to slip on , and they stay ... you do n't have to put them on again every time you get in the car .
 This DashMat is the real deal ! It came with enough Velcro to fasten in all the right places , and it fit EXACTLY on the dash of my 1994 Chevy Silverado K1500 . There was no additional cutting or shaping i had to do . Also the cover went over my aftermarket speakers , but did n't detract from the sound .
 this dash cover fit my new 92 1500 great and those dashes are always messed up it made the ehole interior stand out amazingly if thats a word ; -RRB-
 Very nice , well manufactured , direct fit . Excellent product , no issues what so ever . I will definitely buy this companies dash mats for all my vehicles .
 We bought our son a 92 Chevy pickup and the dash was quite old and cracked from the sun . I ordered this dash mat and it not only fits like a glove , it makes the dash look brand new again . The very first purchase we make after every car we buy is a custom made dash mat . The dash on our 2000 Taurus looks like brand new -- too bad the rest of the car does n't look as good !
 What can one say about this hitch receiver brake stop light that the photograph does n't convey ? It 's adorable , it 's clever , and it 's practical . It mounts on your receiver and plugs right into the trailer wire socket . Very simple.Anyone who has the slightest affection or interest in equus caballus will adore this humorous horsey hitch brake stop light for their vehicle.Warning
 I bought this horse hitch cover for my Dad for Father 's Day . He loves it , it is the cat 's meow as far as he is concerned . He 's just afraid that it can be stollen so he is going to permanently adhere it to his hitch cover so it can not ever be removed . The legs , are the only thing that is bad about this , but Dad just decided to glue those babies onto the horse too , because they keep coming off . So a little farmers intuition and the horse is fixed . All in all though I give this a 5 star because it is totally awesome to my Dad .
 I thought the design of the wolves look great . its going on my golf cart , hope it holds up in the out side weather
 Well made , good look to them , only issue I have is that they are a bit to thick at the sides . It covers up the expiration month and year -LRB- VA tags -RRB- So far no cops have bothered me . Worse case scenario I remove them . Anything is better than those cheap plastic ones , or worse , dealer frames ...
 I bought this Ford Chrome Tag Frame for my F-150 . I have the chrome package on my truck so it matched . Great product at a great price.I put it on the front of my truck looks great and it fit right .
 I bought this license plate for my Blue Ford Fiesta model . I wanted it placed on the back , because it had an ugly white license plate from the dealer . I could n't be more happier . The quality is outstanding even after 16 months of usage .
 I purchased this with my New 2008 Ford Focus Coupe , to accent the back of the vehicle , it looks great , however , to let you know the local police told me that it blocked the county on the tag and that I could get a ticket if I got a state trooper in a bad mood . I still have it and plan to keep it ; but if you are worried I recommend checking with your state . I am in Georgia and they have all kind of crazy laws . : -RRB-
 need a hose for my truck , price was about same if i had bought it locally , but decided to buy with other parts . perfect fit .
 Love the selection and ultimately loved these shoes for we were getting married in Vegas and my wife is already the same height as me and was wearing heals i needed some nice platforms to keep up with her .
 Passenger side power window in my 93 f150 started to get some slop it it . Several months later , it would drop down several inches when it reached the top of the door . A few days later , the window motor would operate but the window would n't move unless assisted by hand.These regulator gear plugs were what I needed to fix the problem . You do n't need to take out the entire window regulator system , you can simply drill two holes in the door shell -LRB- behind the door panel -RRB- where the dimples are with a 1/2 '' drill bit in order to remove the motor/regulator -LRB- electrical device w / wires running to it -RRB- . You will then be able remove all three screws that hold the motor/regulator in place.Once the regulator is on the work bench , unfasten the screw and the edge dimpling that hold the cover on . Make sure that you do n't bend the cover . There will be a mess of ground up plastic inside . Clean up and ensure that everything is free and operable inside . Reinstall . Start to finish in probably about an hour , maybe a little more.It would be a great time to clean all of the dirt inside the door and relubricate all of the moving parts of the window regulator arms/gears with chassis grease.My window works like brand new now - nice and tight . I might do the other window just because . An 18y/o truck needs these kind of solutions.Good luck !
 These are a quick fix and saved me the cost of buying a new window motor . When you replace a Ford window regulator without motor you need to install new tabs . If you do n't you could damage your new regulator .
 Cheap Ford window motor fix , worked perfectly . This is the part that fails often in Ford window motors thus causing the window not to move and most times you will hear the motor `` clacking '' ? I guess is the best sound description as it tries to rotate the gear mechanism , just be careful to hold spool in place while you remove/replace motor . I would definitely recommend this cheap fix .
 have a 94 town car had to replace all 4 motors at the same time all it needed were these regulator gear plugs took more time to get the motor out than to replace plug glad i found this product
 Pump came complete with everything needed to complete repair -LRB- strainer , connecting hose , clamps , etc -RRB- . Installed easily with no problems and no modifications needed . Carter is a well known name in fuel delivery products such as carburetors and fuel pumps and Amazon had the best price I 've found on this product . The true test for a purchase such as this is how many miles it lasts for , but so far so good . At less than half the price of an OEM Ford pump , I would recommend this product to others .
 received it , used it , works well , safe to use and very convenientsuggest you get one for each car you have
 I bought one of these for every car we own because they are small and can be stored easily . I came back from a trip and went to my car in the airport parking lot only to find I had a dead battery . I flagged down another motorist for help and in 2 minutes I was up and running . easy to use , never need to raise the hood of the car where the dirt lies .
 Got these for my Tacoma truck and had them installed in about an hour plus having an extra hand really helps . The bars and included hardware are high quality and I would recommend them to anyone .
 Vehicle :2004 Tacoma 2.7 L I4 Extended Cab 4WDI just installed these on my truck today . They look great and installation was fairly easy . It took me under 2 hours to install these , alone . They fit snuggly and I had no problems getting them to align propperly . The instruction manuel is n't the greatest , you might as well not even include pictures if they are going to be black and white with poor lighting . Some of the instructions were a little unclear , but if you have a little common sense , you should be just fine . You will need some wrenches of your own.They came packaged very securely and the bars were in great shape when they arrived.Time will tell how they hold up.I might post a picture later .
 I kept looking at this seat and thinking can it really be worth the money . Finally found it here at a great price and decided to purchase . I 'm so glad I did . Not only is the passager seat a lot wider than the stock seat on my vulcan 900 , the drivers seat is way more comfortable too . Do n't wait an longer . It 's worth it !
 I am very pleased with this seat , and I would suggest buying this product to anybody . Trus me , you wo n't regret it !
 Bought this for my VN900 custom , and this is a must have seat !! I had the Kawi gel seat and that is not even comparable . I should have spent the extra $ 100 when I bought the gel seat . You will not be disappointed whatsoever !! I am 5 ' 7 34 '' inseam and it does sit me up a little higher but I love it !! This seller shipped it real quick to boot . .
 I was n't sure when buying this seat if I was going to like the look or feel , but was pleasantly surprised by the difference it made in riding comfort and it even looks pretty cool . I guess more importantly , my passenger now appreciates the seat 100 % more then the stock pad .
 1 . Shipped quickly2 . Correct item3 . No surprises.I 'll be back , to do more biz .
 Decided to upgrade the stock seat on my Honda Shadow because of that numbness and tingling and eventually back pain that I was experiencing on the longer rides.I am amazed that all of the above symptoms have vanished since I installed this seat.The craftsmanship and comfort is excellent and most importantly it 's made right here in the USA.My riding has become a pleasure again and I wish I had upgraded sooner ... this seat is worth every penny .
 Studied numerous reviews on the Mustang Touring seat . Almost all were positive so I decided to purchase one myself for my new '09 V-Star 650 Custom . The reviews state that the new seat , while much more comfortable , does change the riding position somewhat . You sit slightly lower and slightly more forward . I am 6 ' 2 '' , 275 and I find the riding position to be MORE comfortable than on the old seat . The seat itself is day and night more comfortable . It 's wider , softer , but more supportive at the same time . A testament to a quality product I guess . The passenger seat is also huge improvement over the stock `` seat '' , if that 's what you want to call it . The Mustang rear seat is at least 4 inches wider and 2 inches thicker than the original . Kinda like going from sitting on the bare fender to sitting on memory foam.The installation of the seat is so simple that if you have the skills to change a light bulb then you can install this seat.I did much price shopping on this particular Mustang part number , 75268 , and the very best price I found was through Amazon . I 've purchased numerous items through Amazon , all with a great experience .
 I installed this seat on my 2007 kawasaki vulcan 900 custom and holy crap what a world of difference . I was able to go on a 400 mile ride so much easier with this new seat . Worth its weight in gold .
 This is the best seat I have ever owned.I wish I could use it in the house ... but , the wife says no way .
 I ordered this on Monday , it arrived today - Wednesday . Amazingly fast ! It took a few minutes to swap out with my stock seat and is very cushy , comfortable , and supporting . Have n't taken a long ride yet to see the difference , but I am looking forward to a better riding experience based on other feedback .
 Just returned from my second 8 hour ride since installing a mustang seat on my bike . On my prior two trips , after about 2 hours I had to stop in between gas stops just to get off the bike and give some parts of my body a break . On my last trips I found that my gas stops provided all the break I needed , I cut almost an hour off my travel time by eliminating additional stops , and I was still able to sit when I arrived home . I will never ride on an OEM seat again .
 What a difference from the stock seat that came with my V-Star 650 Custom . My body is thanking me for this purchase , much more comfortable for you and rider . This seat allows me to ride long distances in comfort . The only negative is that it moves you forward on the bike about an inch . I remedied this problem by putting inexpensive forward foot controls on my V-Star , now I have a bike I can ride all day .
 Earlier I used a factory seat on the motorcycle and was very tired on distant trips . After installation I with pleasure go to distant travel . Fine production !
 Everything I expected it to be after researching several seats . Comfortable , well made , easy to install and looks great ! A good buy , it was $ 100.00 more at my local parts store .
 I bought this for my 2006 wide glide and it 's cool.It 's more subtle than you probably think it is.It compliments my mild cam nicely , but you 'll probably need a need a shorter -LRB- 2 teeth -RRB- belt and maybe want to adjust your speedo -LRB- it 'll read 6 % too fast -RRB- . Real world freeway cruising is probably about 300 rpms higher , maybe lose 5 or 10 mph at the top end , but you can still bury the needle.Bottom line , if you 've got to replace a belt or already have your primary apart , it 's money well spent .
 good for someone who leaves keys in car.husband need this item , good to carry on oneself to get in car .
 This arrived approximately 7 days after I placed the order . The programming was very easy to do . Not even more than a minute and remote was ready to go.I would definately purchase another one when needed : -RRB-
 I detail , a LOT , and this cart has really come in handy . I do n't use it to push a bucket around , since the two-bucket system is best for professional detailing , but I do use it as sort of a creeper stool to travel around the vehicles whether applying tire dressing or waxes etc , and after six months of use -LRB- I like to wait to leave reviews on items like this to see the quality -RRB- everything has been almost flawless . The design changes I would make would be to have the pieces the customer has to install and assemble MUCH MORE substantial , such as the handle , and also to make the handle easier to grab hold of .
 I bought this for my 1994 Jeep Cherokee Sport because the original rear window arm broke off . The price is reasonable and much less than the OEM part from a dealer . It fits and works perfectly .
 this product works great - had some off white cushions that had signicant dirt - this cleaner worked wonders - they really look like new - I read the other reviews and was hopeful - now I am a believer
 This worked well on our outdoor cushions . I would recommend it . Good for general cleaning with dilution , and also spraying for spot areas .
 I choose this for my Sunbrella fabric outdoors rolling awning in order to clean the fabric from the weathers harmful elements . What a product !
 Bought this to clean a convertible top of a recently purchased used car . It was so so . The fabric guard was terrific , however .
 I 've ended up using this as mainly a carpet cleaner , for pet stains -LRB- vomit -RRB- and kid food stains -LRB- carpeted playroom -RRB- . So far of all the products I 've tried , this has worked the best ; has totally removed the stains . In fact , if other cleaning methods leave dark spots , this cleaner removes those . I 'm online buying another bottle .
 This is better than the others . Tried another brand and it leaked in down pours then sprayed it with this stuff and its working great .
 This stuff worked well . I even followed the directions . I does not go quite as far as the lable claims , but my boat top was VERY dirty .
 An excellent product . I bought one for my mom , then tried it , and bought one for myself . A great back support .
 The dashboard cover solved a problem that we 've had with our Camry . Now driving into the glare of the midafternoon sun is no problem ... wonderful product .
 Great way to fix many window regulators . On some models , like my s10 , you can not replae both plastic rollers easily without cutting a hole in the metal of the door -LRB- FYI -RRB- . Also , one of the rollers included needs a special tool to `` flare '' the rivit end . I used a c-clamp and a brake flare tool to do it .
 as others reviewers have said , the shade is a bit bulky but because of this it covers every square inch of the windshield and this is what finally matters.I leave my car parked for long periods in the open and thogh I could eventually withstand the heat inside the car , the main point is the damaging effect of UV rays on the dashboard so I am perfectly happy with this product.One final point
 This covers nearly every inch of the windshield and is easy to get in and out . But it is a bit bulky and I usually end up tossing it into the back seat instead of into its protective sleeve . Because of its size , there is really no out-of-the-way place to put it when not in use .
 I purchased the Gates locking gas cap to replace a Motorcraft locking cap that was difficult to unlock after 6 years of use on my Ford Ranger . The Gates gas cap uses the exact same locking mechanism as the Motorcraft cap did , even the same style key . In the locked position , the gas cap will ratchet around and wo n't uncrew . To unlock it you turn the key counterclockwise to set it in the open position and then turn the cap handle counterclockwise to unscrew the cap . Turn the cap back on clockwise to lock it.The Gates does not come with an eyelet tether , but it does have the groove for one and I was able to remove the tether from the Motorcraft cap and reuse it on the Gates to secure the cap to the truck . Overall the Gates gas cap appears as well made as the Motorcraft I had and is a OEM quality replacement
 It 's a gas cap and it locks . Fits my Mustang as advertised . What else is there to say about it ? Nothing .
 I am very happy with this product , espically for the price . I would recommend it to anybody . Very good quality .
 After I noticed the lid for the gas fill line was open , I decided to purchase this lockable gas cap . It was delivered as advertised and fit perfectly . I took a short trip where I needed to fill up a few times . There was no issue in using this cap after I remembered to take the key with me from the driver 's side .
 Hi , This gas filter looks like the stock one . . just put it in works fine . the old one that was in there was shot . brown dirt came out and bolt and nut were rusty . the price on amazon is rite , ca n`t find it for less ...
 The control knobs for my my 1993 Honda accord contol knobs was just what I needed . They fit the car without a problem .
 Bought this set of knobs to replace 1 original knob that I broke -LRB- took them off to wipe the dash , dropped one into the passenger foot area , forgot about it and my bf stepped on it . D'oh ! -RRB- . Good price and they came on time.They fit perfectly in my 1992 Accord . They are a slight bit thicker than the original knob and of a very slightly different finish . They do fit well though and pretty flush with the panel . At first they seemed like they were perhaps too tight , based on how the original knobs came on & off ; , but they did indeed fit , just needed a little extra push.I ended up replacing both the broken knob and the other original one so as not to be mismatched . Overall great buy , highly recommended !
 93 Honda accord that had the knobs missing . -LRB- Both -RRB- . This product came with 2 ! They were a perfect fit . I no longer need needle nose pliers ! Good prices and good product !
 Came on time , great original color and quality . Was very tight pushing it in , but thats a good thing , and not too tight so it would crack down the road . My 1990 came without this knob and I got tired of using a vice grip to turn it , Seemed alot of $ but Im glad I got it -LRB- them -RRB- extra one for friends / trades .
 Visor was nice and matched my window tint perfectly on my 2007 Avalanche . My only issue was the screws were a bit too short but other than that no problems .
 This decal lasted longer than my truck and the colors hardly faded ! Stayed in place for more than five years on the driver 's side rear triangle window . Here looking for a new one for my new truck . Easy to place , but need to go slow , smoothing as it goes on , to keep out air bubbles . Once it 's stuck , there 's no going back !
 This is a quality decal with great colors and detail . Its TAZ in all his glory .
 I use this dozer blade for everything from clearing snow moving gravel and clearing over grown parts of my property . It works amazing !
 I had to adapt my tractor to make this fit but no problem what so ever . this blade was not made to fit my specific tractor but I made it work ...
 Got the snow plow in short time.Assembly was easy until I went to mount it on to the riding mower.Guess what NO FRAME BRAKETS wow I ca n't mount it without them.Found out that the FRAME BRAKETS do n't come with the plow.Cost me a extra 23.00 for each FRAME BRAKET from MTD -LRB- need 2 -RRB- would think that MTD would of inclued them in the box.Oh well just another speed bump in life from the great MTD.Now waiting for MTD to send me the FRAME BRAKETS for my Cub Cadetso I can mount the plow.Got to use the snow plow worked GREAT at plowing the snow we had around 4 inch of snow.Even wet melting snow was no trouble for it.BUT found that the plow SKID SHOES ware out fast.Have to replace them in just one month of using the plow.they should of been made from thicker steel or maybe harder steel .
 This fits my Yardman 42 '' 20HP lawn tracter ! it installs like no other product - easy and fast!Just need snow now !
 Got the plow within the time scheduled for delivery . I was concerned when I opened the box and the small parts bag was opened-small parts scattered everywhere . However , all parts were present . Took about 20 min and I was plowing snow . Aleady had weights and chains installed -LRB- a must -RRB- . Will not plow packed down ice but does great on fresh snow , I was pushing 8-10 '' with minimal problems . Very satisfied with purchase . Tip-If you can wait , do n't start plowing until the snow starts to melt -LRB- drips down the gutters or off ledges -RRB- . This is the time to strike for the best results with the least effort . Also , if possible push show to the side instead of straight ahead .
 Well packed and arrived quick . Had it together and covering irrigation ditch in about an hour . After covering about 1000 ft. of ditch , I think it has already paid for itself . I 've increased the spring tension and scraped the driveway too . It 's no bobcat but has worked great for me . Ca n't wait for it to snow now .
 The product was well packaged and shipped promptly . However , the item had to be returned because it would not fit my 700 series lawn tractor . The web site stated it would fit all tractors while the box stated it would not fit 700 series machines , which it did not . The item was returned at Amazon 's expense and their refund of my money was prompt . Overall , a smooth transaction .
 This is a good plow for light snow . Easy to attach and remove . Ca n't wait for the first snow . I have only used it to clear a section of my yard and it handled it well .
 Item came shipped in a manageable size box , on-time , and ready to put on the tractor . It could n't have been easier !
 does anyone out there know if the arnold oem-190-833 fast attach 46 inch will fit my 42 inch craftsman tractor ?
 I 've had one of these plows on my Yard Man Autodrive 17 HP tractor since 2000 . I 've worked its buns off and now need another one . Yeah , if you wait until you have 10 '' of heavy wet snow on the ground , you better get out the two-stage 4 stroke snow blower ! But if you have a reasonable approach to it , this little blade will handle it . Take it from a guy who plows several times a week and lives in the high Colorado Mountains . You just ca n't expect it to be as powerful as a pickup truck with an 8 foot plow , chains , 4WD , etc. . It 's not that bad and sure has saved my back for the past seven seasons . You 've got to have the wheel weights and chains ! That 's an absolute MUST ! Also , try using the angle setting when plowing heaver snow . That way the snow will fly to one side or the other . M & D Mower has this plow for $ 365 plus shipping .
 I would not have expected this item to work well for fear of the tractor being to weak or the plow to flimsy or the snow too heavy , etc. . . , except that my neighbor owns one and I used it last winter with great success . I have used mine 4 times now , and actually enjoy plowing my driveway -LRB- and I do some of the neighbors ` drives and our sidewalks -RRB- . My driveway is approx 100 feet long , so it was a daunting task to shovel it in previous years . I initially started looking for a snow thrower , but was turned off by many bad reviews online . -LRB- not to mention , this is 1/2 the cost of a small gas snow thrower -RRB- My tractor does not struggle at all to push moderate levels of snow . I use it with the blade to the side , and sweep the snow to the side , rather than push it straight . This seems to work incredibly well . I can literally plow my driveway perfectly clean in under 10 minutes . Try that with a snow blower -LRB- or shovel -RRB- ! The item shipped fast . I had it Christmas week , within 3-4 days of ordering . It is built very well . All parts seem to be of very high quality . I was missing a part , as some have mentioned in reviews I 've read . The parts are not sealed in a plastic bag , and some fell out and were loose in the box . I was missing a bolt and washer , which I replaced easily enough . Luckily all hardware is standard nuts and bolts , etc. . . which I had on hand , but any hardware store would also carry.One tip that should be in the directions
 We were concerned that this blade might be thin metal and unable to plow the dirt we needed it for since most sites were calling it a snow plow . Unable to find anything better that would fit our Cadet , we took a chance . It works just fine . We are not moving big piles of dirt , just topsoil to level out the lawn . We 're also using it to push dirt back into the hole in which we placed a storm shelter . We have had to add WD40 a few times ; also have to stop and rinse the dirt off the mechanism . It 's a slight pain in the neck , but to get the work done , we can live with it . The arm operating the blade does get tired too , so if you have arthritis you might not be happy with that part . Moving the blade also required leaning forward quite a bit so expect your back to get plenty tired . It would be nice if the blade handle were longer , but it is evident that one could n't get onto the Cadet if that were the case . Too bad the blade is n't operable automatically . Like many other people , we were missing a hardware piece . Since my husband keeps everything `` just in case '' , he had a part in the garage , so we did n't have to go purchase one . Overall , we 'd buy it again .
 Takes a while to install but we have been able to use our mower without removing the mowing deck . A much better value than a snowblower and less work .
 Dirt , snow , it works . Versus the snow blower -LRB- walk-behind -RRB- , it reduces the clearing time by 50 % . It is more than capable at the small dirt tasks . The assembly and install is straight forward . As many said , it is missing some parts that required a trip to Home Depot .
 Bought this to replace the same one we had purchased with our lawn mower . The first one was just wore out from so much use . Works great .
 2008 Nissan Sentra 2.0 L - MR20DE lower radiator hoseThis item was a direct fit replacement for my lower radiator hose - no trimming necessary .
 With a knife throwing hobby , the idea of looking at other items that can be thrown , and stuck in a target , is n't a big leap . A number of martial arts have a history of using a variety of thrown implements . This short little fighting stick doubles as a container for 4 small spikes , about the equivalent lengths of 6 penny nails without the heads . Construction is metal and solid . Spikes are coated with oil to preserve them from rust I presume . The spikes would likely need to be sharpened a bit to be effective enough to stick in a standard wood or cardboard target . Small enough to use in the house -LRB- as an adult , or under adult supervision of course , at least while my wife is out ;--RRB- -RRB- . As a low cost novelty this item definitely provides the quality to match or exceed the price .
 I have had these sticker for less than a year . I really love them and have had several compliments on them . My only problem is that they are becoming faded and curling up on the edges now . I suppose it is just natural when they sit out under the hot Florida sun all day .
 I have had these decals on my truck for the last 4 years and they are just now starting to peel a little on the edges . They hold up to all kinds of weather .
 The `` superman '' decal was exactly what we ordered . The colors and manufacturing is perfect . We had other decals in past and lasted a very long time .
 Purchased these decals for our future son-in-law , who is a Superman nut . He ended up putting them on his car ; very durable and colorful .
 What more can I say ? I put them on the exterior side of the windows of my truck and they are still stuck on there many days later.One note
 Can not begin to describe how easy this was to install ! Four clips , no drilling . Solid , firm mount . No cheesy double-stick tape that falls off . Excellent product .
 Exactly what I ordered . It bulges out a little bit , but it does fit . I cant complain , works just fine .
 Great Product , item is exactly as described high performance . Perfect item for SAAB 9-5 . This was very reasonably priced . Would highly recommend this .
 These are OEM for my Saab and Amazon has the best price . I have never tried non-OEM spark plugs to know if using these expensive ones makes a difference .
 These plugs worked perfectly in my 2004 Saab 9-5 Aero Wagon . As usual the price was great and they arrived faster than I expected .
 I replaced my old spark plugs -LRB- same plug -RRB- with these and have no issues . I bought my car used with 124K on the odometer and the old plugs were pretty burnt up . Plugs were packed well enough to prevent any damage and I received them prior to the EDD . Ca n't say anything negative .
 The plugs look like the ones ordered , and as such should work well in the car . They are what they are . One complaint which others have made is that the packaging lets them bounce around in the too big box with little cushioning . This results in them sometimes coming out of the protective cardboard that is on the threads and -LRB- it looks like -RRB- result in a bent electrode and closed gap . Not what you want.BUT ... it took took too many calls and shipments to get them to me . Thank goodness I only ordered 4 plugs -LRB- Saab 2.3 T Aero - 2005 -RRB- ... it took 3 deliveries and about a month !!! There is no value in describing details of multiple calls and shipments . Amazon DID try to help . . they really did , and in fact managed to get it straightened out eventually including the correct billing . To be fair , this mess did occur over the busy Holiday season ... . but still?It was obviously influenced by a computer , since a human would have -LRB- hopefully -RRB- inferred that or called to determine if a shipment of 1 or 2 plugs was helpful . NOT!This is one case of the few times I regretted opting for Internet/Amazon to provide a product for a small savings and what should have been a quick/simple delivery . It does happen ... The product I received gets 4 stars -LRB- bent electrode/packaging -RRB- ... but think twice if you want need them quickly .
 Can `` Sweeeet '' be a review ? In this case I think so . It 's a well designed comfortable helmet with high visibility -LRB- think orange -RRB- . Other less expensive helmets just do n't have the robust design . Thicker guide tabs on the face shield and better hardware all around . Highly recommend .
 that is what the customer ordered so we are happy the product fit their needs.Thank you for your timeFull Spectrum Hydrocoating
 I was sitting in my parent 's basement and i was thinking to myself , `` What a PERFECT addition to my 1997 V6 baby blue mustang . '' Little did i know what i was ACTUALLY getting myself into . I eagerly waited 4 days 5 hours and 6 minutes for my package to arrive . When i heard the UPS guy pull in to our driveway , i threw on my favorite sleeveless Van Halen T-shirt and ran outside to find that the UPS guy was checking out my ride -LRB- obviously . -RRB- I was too distracted by the box in his hands to explain to him how fast my car was . I finally installed the wing on my car and immediately noticed a difference . My car began to sound like a race car and every time i touched the gas it did a sick burnout . Everytime i stop to fill up people are taking pictures and how i should be in car shows because i 'd be a shoe in for 1st place in every category , especially `` Looks Fastest . '' This wing has changed my life , due to the tribal designs i was actually inducted into a REAL tribe . They immediately made me chief and began praying to my mustang , i truly thought i was a god . I probably am .
 Worked to quickly and easily remove window handles on '98 Chevy Cavalier , and price was good . To avoid scratching door panels , put the cardboard from the package or something behind it before sliding it along the door , and if you 're gon na pry with this tool , rotate the cardboard -LRB- or any padding element -RRB- around so it 's under the pressure points at the end first.I do n't recommend prying to get the handle off if you 're really worried about the door panels though , just use this tool to disengage clip and use your hands to pull the handle straight away from the door .
 This tool works well for removing and reinstalling the spring clips . When I tried to use it on the other end to pry off the door panel -LRB- as illustrated -RRB- , I bent it . Of course , it was also easy to straighten with my hands . I am thinking they could have used a little heavier steel to make it . That 's why the 4 . However , I did buy it for the clip removal and installation , so I am pleased with it .
 I used this tool to replace the crank on my '97 Honda Civic . It worked . It took a few attempts to get it right , however . I 'd say it 's worth the money .
 This thing is as thin as any tool I have ever held but , wow ! I have never had window handles come off so easily . Plus , it is made in such a way that the clip is pushed to the perfect point so that the handle releases but the clip does not go shooting off ... AMAZING ! and dirt cheap to boot .
 I just got a work truck with manual locks and windows . I needed to replace to door speakers and could not get the window crank handle off without this tool . The tool makes it so easy to remove the window crank . I 'm sure there are ways to get it off with tools already in a garage but for the price it 's worth it just to get this specialty tool .
 Every time I use this thing I ca n't help but say , `` What a tool ! '' Maybe that 's why my wife wo n't talk to me anymore . This baby makes removing a window crank quick and easy . I slide it under the handle and spin it and that stupid little clip comes popping out . When that happens I ca n't help but scream out , `` What a TOOL ! My son runs away crying , my wife wo n't talk to me at all . Heck , my dog growls at me now . All because this darn tool is so good .
 Most excellent , worked perfect for my 68 Chevy Camaro window handle removal . Great product , does as described easily . Item is all its suppose to be , A + on the item .
 This fit my 2002 Chevy Impala so for that I rate it 5 stars . The sensor did not fix my non-working air conditioner and thermostat issue , which I thought it would . I give it 5 stars because I ca n't really rate it otherwise .
 Funciona perfecto en mi malibu 1998 , recomendado al cien por ciento ! ya lleva operativa alrededor de 6 meses y todo sin contratiempos .
 I have not installed these shoes yet , but I feel that this product will work fine when I do.Mike
 easy to install . has good looks.works perfectly and the shiftlight is the very precise.nice article.thanks
 This is a great tach all around , Good price , Good looks , Great performance , and its easy to install and set up . I get compliments from everyone who sees it , which is something I did n't really expect . I was afraid it would be a little too big , but I like it and it works very well for me.Pros : Works perfectlyLooks greatEasy installShift lightGood PriceCons : Big -LRB- Could be a plus -RRB- Have to re-set shift point every week or so . -LRB- Could just be mine -RRB- nothing else really.Bottom Line : I love it , it works great , it 's one of the best prices and best looking tachs on the market . If you have room for a 5 '' tach , this is the one for you .
 I purchased this product because I wanted a shift light that I could set . When I 'm winding out gears , I do n't want to take my eyes off the road . With a shift light , I can keep my eyes on the road and know exactly when to shift.Plus it 's a handsome and effective instrument.Satisfied Customer
 Can `` Sweeeet '' be a review ? In this case I think so . It 's a well designed comfortable helmet with high visibility -LRB- think orange -RRB- . Other less expensive helmets just do n't have the robust design . Thicker guide tabs on the face shield and better hardware all around . Highly recommend .
 Installation of this exhaust on my '99 Toyota 4runner was pretty easy . The only hard part is removing the old one.Now here is what I think about this product : Pros : - Awesome sound ! No ones gon na think they just heard a 4runner pass them.-An good increase in HP and acceleration.-Better throttle response-Makes vehicle a little more exciting-The exhaust tip looks really good-It 's clear fine materials are used to make this systemCons
 WOW ... Very nice mats ... Look cool and probably will last me a long long time ... You definitely get what you pay for &#34; top notch product &#34; ...
 Looks good and decent fit . Seems to be very durable . Corners were a little bent in box but followed instructions and bent them the opposite way and now Im happy .
 I had a great experience from start to finish . they look really nice . I wish they made the liners for the back and for the center hump . I would highly recommend them !
 Great fit and great look . Had to return ones that I bought earlier that did n't fitgood . These are quality mats and I am counting on them lasting for a while . I wishthey came with small mats for the back seats , but the back seats are hardly used anyway . So , I am still very happy with the what I got .
 Very good sparkle plugs ! It seems to me my car began using little bit less petroilum after I replaced the old plugs wiith these ones !
 I love ordering from Amazon because I can go on line and find all of my orders on my history , because I can go there and order the same item again.Thank you for keep all of my orders on line .
 Really big improvement over existing headlights . These lamps are the brightest most inexpensive replacement lamps I have seen or read about in some of the magazines . I will definitely purchase these again when required .
 I really like the bright white look these headlights give . I actually ordered the high beams as well . It shines light to the edge of the road much better than original type bulbs . I have these in both my trucks and really like them .
 These lights are great ! They are bright compared to the stock lights ! I purchased these for an 2005 GMC Canyon . I wanted something that has a bright white light and these are Great for the money . Only time will tell how long they last , but I have had mine for 2 months now . You ca n't go wrong with these ! They are fairly cheap and worth the money . You wo n't be dissapointed ! Eventually , I plan on getting HID Headlights which are much , much better , last longer and VERY VERY BRIGHT ! But for now these will be fine .
 I read a few reviews that said these were no brighter than peoples stock lights . They were much brighter than my stock lights . So much so that my night vision has improves so I do n't drive off the road or get pulled over because the police think I 'm drunk .
 Used these to replace my High beams on a 2006 Chevy Silverado . Much brighter than the stock bulbs . Very Happy .
 These lights are absolutely awesome . There is a huge visibility difference . I drive 105 miles round trip to and from work 5 days a week . Inevitably one leg of that drive is usually in the dark . I can see almost twice as far than with the standard bulbs . Also , visibility on sides of the highway was immensely improved as well.My standard Sylvania bulbs that I replaced lasted for 10 years ... I do n't think these are going to last near that long . They are well worth the price though .
 These are the best headlight bulbs that I have ever had , I put them in our Yukon and they are extremely bright , I bought two pair for the highs and lows . Will buy for my other cars as well
 You are getting what you expect to get . A good quality bulb . They are a little brighter than my factory bulbs and have been working great for about 6 months now . They are not a white light or a blue light , just the typical headlight color , but a little brighter . -LRB- these are for the fog lights on my 2008 acura tl -RRB-
 I have installed a set in a Camry and a 4 Runner . Installation was easy . On a normal reasonably well lit street there is no significant difference as expected . However out on country roads there is a significant difference lighting up the sides of the road . My purpose for purchasing this item was to see animals on the roadsides when traveling.JS
 I thought my night vision was waning ! Replaced my Suburbans bulbs with these and WOW ! What a difference ! Do n't struggle with your night time vision . Replace your original or OEM equipment with the Sylvania 's Ultra Bright bulbs . I 'm certain you will immediately appreciate the difference . I did ! So much so that I replaced the bulbs in my Toyota RAV4 and Saturn Vue with these all over a year ago . So far , they appear to remain bright as new . Next my Chevy Impala . Highly recommend !
 These bulbs are nice and bright . I got the cheaper bulbs but they were yellow and not that bright . the new bulbs are white and much brighter . The price was less than the street price by 30 % . They are easy to install too .
 Let 's face it , the stock lights on my honda were just not cutting it . If you driven through Pennsylvania 's back roads you will know what I mean . This is my second try at bulbs for my car . The first failed miserably as the bulbs burnt out ofter 6 months . These bulbs provide a very nice and strong white light . So far they are holding up quite well . Important note
 I replaced my high beam bulbs with the Ultras a few days ago . Much better light pattern now , can see the signs at night much better . The light is much whiter with a blue tint . Would recommend to everyone that drives at night.Some other reviews say that the Sylvania bulbs burn out too soon . Being a technician mechanic most of my life , the main thing you must do when handling these bulbs for install is wear gloves.The oil from your hands will create `` hot spots '' on the bulbs and they will burn out prematurely . So buy some latex gloves and put them on from the second you open the package , to when you are done . Then they will last longer than a year . My 9004 Silver Stars in my Jetta are going on three years now .
 My daughter was complaining that she was having a difficult time seeing any distance while driving at night . She goes away to college , and the school is located in a very rural area . Many of the roads she drives on have no street lighting . I installed the Sylvania Silverstar Ultras in her car , and she was amazed at how much farther down the road she can now see . In fact I was so impressed that I went out and purchased a pair of Sylvania Silverstar sealed beam headlights for my work van . What a difference bright white lighting makes when it comes to driving at night . This product is awesome .
 For several years I was having a problem with the Sylvania Silverstar bulbs burning out every 6 to 12 months . I loved the light so much that I tolerated it and replaced them with the same bulb.I was using the practice of letting the Camry turn the lights on automatically with a turn of the ignition key . The process was -LRB- 1 -RRB- key turned to ignition -LRB- 2 -RRB- lights turn on -LRB- 3 -RRB- engine starts . I could see the lights flutter a little during the starting process.I then experimented by manually turning on the lights AFTER the car was started . It has now been 2 years with NO BULB BURNOUTS . I believe turning the ignition with the lights already in auto on creates extra wear and tear resulting in more frequent burn-outs .
 These are seriously the best headlights ever , clear just like they say and they WILL last , but you MUST -LRB- I ca n't emphasize how important that is !!! -RRB- and I mean MUST WEAR LATEX GLOVES when you install them . You can not touch halogen bulbs bare handed because the oil from your hands will make them burn out prematurely . Once installed correctly , mine have been going for 3 years with no dimming whatsoever . Absolutely makes night driving safer .
 I replaced my stock high-beams with these Sylvania Silverstar Ultra . There is a clear difference when using my hi-beams now , with my stock high-beams which I thought worked well . Were really Dull or like having a hazy sheet of darkness compared to the Silverstar Ultra 's which was like having your own daylight in the direction of your vehicle . I highly recommend this product for your safety and everyone else who is on the road.-Mark Ortega
 These lights are great ! They 're much brighter than the standard headlights , and they have very `` white '' light . They also look good when they 're on as the daytime running lights .
 I am a senior citizen who does n't see well at night . These lights help tremendously
 These bulbs are noticeably better than those originally in the vehicle . The life span remains to be seen ; hopefully longer than the tech rep indicated -LRB- 1 year -RRB- . Installation was easy.Additional information -LRB- 1/7/2011 -RRB-
 In the past I have used other brands of -LRB- Extra Bright Headlights -RRB- , these bulbs fit much better and the road visibility is excellent .
 These Sylvania Ultra bulbs as advertised are definitely much brighter than the factory installed . I bought two twin packs but be aware that the 9005SU is only for low beams . If you are also replacing the high beam you will need 9006SU . I was not aware of that and it does not state that anywhere on the web advertising literature . I only found out when I attempted to insert the 9005 into the high beam recepticle . The 9006 at the local auto parts store was $ 49.95 . It 's a much better deal through Amazon . Returned the extra to Amazon without any problem .
 They are ok , just wish they were brighter . They are brighter then what came with the van , but they sound like they would be much brighter then they are .
 I have been using Sylvania SilverStar light bulbs last five years . So far i have n't had any problems . My last purchase was Sylvania SilverStar Ultra High Performance which is supposed to be quite a step up from regular High Performance bulbs . But frankly i have n't noticed a dramatic improvement . These bulbs are as bright if not brighter than old ones , which is what i was looking for . Main reason that drove me to purchase these was the price , you cant beat Amazon prices . I paid for ultra on Amazon less than i would pay for regular ones at Walmart : - -RRB-
 The quality and color of these bulbs are great when you have your highbeams on , but they do not change the color of the daytime running lights , which is why I purchased them .
 Ok since it 's technically illegal to add HID -LRB- Xenon -RRB- headlights to a vehicle that did n't come with them from the manufacturer , these are the next best thing . Headlights dull over time and so do the lens covers that surround them . It happens so gradually that you do n't really ever notice . But buy and install these and you get a much brighter and safer night time driving experience . A great gift too since it 's one of those things people never buy for themselves . All you need is the person 's year make and model of their car and you can be sure what you buy will fit . These headlights are great and now that I have them in both high and low beam ; I 'd never drive my car at night without them . I guess I 'm spoiled by them now . A small price to pay for safety .
 Just put these in my motorhome and they made a great difference . Just wish I had known about them years earlier . Even if they do not last as long , they will not get near the hours of use ie
 I replaced the high and low beams on my 2005 Silverado with the Silverstar Ultra High Performance bulbs and these are the best headlights I 've ever had in over 40 years of driving ! I 'll be installing factory fog lights soon and will be ordering the matching bulbs for them also . I like to see where I 'm going whether I 'm driving in the country , in town , or on the interstate and I 'm 100 % satisfied with these bulbs !
 Have n't had them that long , they arrived in good condition . So far so good , basically what I expected and they 're a good deal on price . Light emitted is yellowish white tint .
 I recieved my order in perfect condition . Installed them using a gloves as recommended.Will see how long they last :-RRB- -LSB- UPDATE -RSB- July 22 , 2010 . Still working perfectly .
 Amazing improvement over the stock halogen bulbs . The light is MUCH brighter and a crisp white color , not the dull yellow . The 9005SU also have a wider angle of output -LRB- I was skeptical about those claims -RRB- . I replaced the stock halogen bulbs in my 2002 Ford Ranger 's Fog lights . Now they match the light output of the 9007 Silverstars I have in the headlights.Note
 On my 2009 Honda Civic Hybrid , the DRL -LRB- day time running light -RRB- and the high beam are the same light and it uses this 9005 bulb . I wanted to enhance the DRL brightness and the high beam power so I replaced with this set . I have HID kit installed on my regular headlight which is much brighter than the 9006 but also costs 6 times more.I think this Ultra series is good enough for the budget minded people when compared to PIAA or other performance brands . definitely buy it here at Amazon because local automotive shops sell them at $ 50 a set plus tax.Very nice product , highly recommended .
 These are fantastic lights , they are possibly 3 times as bright as my originals . The distance and width of vision is Awesome !! Do n't Touch these with anything but something like steril gloves ...
 Replaced the stock driver-side low beam which burned out about a month ago . Not any noticeable difference from the passenger-side stock headlight on my truck which is still good and bright . Your perceived improvement using the SilverStar will likely depend on what your OEM light was to begin with.Amazon had the right price and quick delivery , and they came through again . Thank you Amazon !
 Since I got these new high beam head lights , I can see much further and clearer than before . Thank you Amazon for the lowest price and Thank you Sylvania for a great product !
 Just what I wanted and the description was what it said it was . The package was not damaged and was packed in the right size of box .
 good lights for the money but not great . better than the original ones for sure . worth the money , I would buy again
 Replaced stock OEM Hi-Beams on Lexus ES350 , once I removed the engine cover , very easy installation . I can see alittle farther , and with brighter light .
 These lights are the only ones to install in your vehicle , low and high beams . Traveling the hinterlands of my state on a regular basis , these allow me to see more of the road and better . Very white light , bright , wide angle and last about two years if used regularly .
 Nice white light . They seem somewhat brighter than the original bulbs , but one is warned that they wo n't last a long either . Apparently , they limited themselves to a level of output that fits within some predetermined level that is in some regulation . Since the regs are based on the average driver 's ability to switch off high beams in the presence of other vehicles , this is probably a good idea . To install , the toughest part is just getting the old bulb loose . Once you get that done , it 's easy .
 My lights work good I will be getting high and low for my wife 's charger And when I need new ones for my truck I will use nothing but Sylvania SilverStar Ultra
 Good quality , very bright , decent output . I use this in my fogs and high beams on my Accord and output is awesome .
 As these are my second pair in 5yrs I ca n't say the burn out is too fast . Light output is as good as you 're going to get without HID .
 Very bright light . The only drawback is the life expectancy is reduced to obtain such a high output . Expect these to last between 6 months and one year .
 Replaced the stock bulbs in my 2012 Honda Civic , which were way too dim . These bulbs made a huge difference , a solid improvement in being able to see at night . If only Honda had not packed the engine compartment so as to make it so difficult to get to the bulb sockets , but that 's not Sylvania 's fault . I highly recommend these .
 Always love the Silverstar Ultras ! I put them in all of my vehicles . Much brighter than stock and very easy to install in most cases .
 These were recommended by a friend and I found them to be a major upgrade from the stock lights I had .
 this is a great product , I could really tell a difference when I compared the two by doing one at a time . Just make sure you dont break any tabs off of your headlight cover when trying to install them . I would highly suggest this to anyone looking to upgrade their high beam lights .
 Great product . Light is a lot whiter than my old ones and lights up everything in a wide range and 40-50 mts ahead .
 The light is very brilliant , and it is good the price if it is compare to auto parts sale price . No so effective as compare to the advertising picture in the bulbs package .
 Much better night driving bright white lights . I wish they lasted longer than 1 year I keep an extra set in the trunk .
 It really does make a difference , worth the money for sure . I replaced the oem bulbs on my Toyota sienna , these are way much brighter .
 These bulbs are superior to the original equipment plus easy to install . The beams are whiter -LRB- brighter -RRB- and wider and reach a bit farther .
 I bought these to replace the Sylvania Silverstar headlights I had in before . I have smoked -LRB- dark tinted -RRB- headlights on my truck and needed some lights that were brighter to shine through . These are very bright even with the headlight I have . The Silverstars had n't dimmed at all over the 2 years or so I had them so I expect these to last just as long . They are worth the extra money for anyone who wants to see a little farther down the road , maybe not for the drivers coming towards you though lol . Once they are correctly adjusted that should n't even be an issue though . They have a blueish look to them that is close to some HIDs I have seen on other vehicles and are simple to install . Both the high and low beams now shine further and look really good as well .
 I installed these in a 2010 RX , DRLs could n't notice the difference , but when using highbeams , it is much brighter . Cheaper than any autostore and great product !
 These bulbs are fantastic . They reach out at least one third more . The white light makes things show up faster . Living in a rural area as I do you are always looking for Deer . These were the bright bulbs and I ca n't wait until I get the dim bulbs for that type driving . I would give them a 10 .
 These bulbs give my 2008 Scion XB a much brighter view of the road when the high beams are on . I just wish Sylvania made an H11 version of these bulbs for my low beams . The difference is amazing.Unlike many aftermarket ultra bright headlights these bulbs are 100 percent street legal . You wo n't have to worry about cops pulling you over and giving you a ticket for using bulbs that are too bright and dangerous for oncoming traffic.In short , if you need brighter bulbs these are your best choice .
 I have fitted the Sylvania Ultra high lamps in my truck to get more visibility at night . I expected a bit more from the lamps , but I am satisfied since the road illumination is about 30 % better.Is it worth the money ? I would say not really , I am still going to fit an extra set of driving lights , what I wanted to do in the first place.My recommendation
 I received these bulbs in a short time , I could n't find them in the town I live in . Very good service , excellant bulbs . J > C > Muscatine IA
 If you happen to buy two sets of Silver Star lamps because , say , you want to install a complete set in your car , be aware that the rebate limits each household to one rebate . In other words , order them separately -LRB- free shipping over $ 25 -RRB- so you have separate receipts to send in for rebate -LRB- one for you , one for your buddy or child at a different address ... I hate to see a rebate go unpunished !!! -RRB- As for the Silver Star product , I like the light produced , but life is a problem , particularly when I added a relay system to run them directly off the batteries of my GMC diesel . -LRB- GM has an annoying habit of undersizing the headlight wire and switch , so you have a 2 volt drop from accessory circuit to lamp , and eventual switch burnout if you use a slightly higher power lamp . -RRB-
 When I first received the bulbs I was n't expecting much of an improvement over the stock bulbs on my 04 Silverado , however once I installed them and turned my vehicle on I could immediately tell they were a lot brighter and more whiter than the stock bulbs . That night I decided to take the vehicle out for a spin and WOW , what a improvement , I could not believe how many things I could see now that I could n't see before with the stock bulbs , they are brighter , whiter and the light pattern greatly improved . We will see how long they last but even if they only last about 6 months , the extra light to spot potential hazards are well worth it for me , not to mention the bulbs are actually Made in the USA !
 I love the Silverstar Ultra 's ! A very bright halogen headlight that burns a hole into the night . With that being said , only for a little while . I get about 8 months of very bright useage out of them , before they burn `` down '' to the equivenlent of Silvania Xtra Vision . The brightness does n't last . We converted our Silverstars to an HID retrofit without issues .
 great fit no mods . 10 times better than stock light bulbs and great price.try them out ca n't be beat for the price
 This item is all it said it would be . I can definately see better driving home in the country at night . Yes , I will buy it again , and highly reccommend it .
 It was a little hard to get the right one in , I had a pipe blocking it , but it was still manageable . Light works perfectly , it isnt the light blue color , but not the light orange color . Its more of a whiter light . Overall good , although be warned on the back it says this one is for performance and the lightbulb life is shorter .
 Great lights . You can see how much whiter theyare compared to standard halogen . Worth the money .
 Product was received promtly and in good condition . SiverStar Ultras make a very significant difference from stock headlights and were easy to install . Highly recommended for night driving away from city areas .
 These bulbs have a brighter , whiter light to them with a mild bluish tint . I think they made an overall improvement in my headlights . You do n't necessarily see farther with them but what you do see is clearer . Road signs seem to shine at a farther distance and animal eyes seem to stand out more if you encounter them , even wet roads are a little easier to see on . They did not last a long time for me -LRB- around a year for low beam , highs are still working -RRB- but I would have no qualms about buying them again . I bought both high and low beams and are happy with both .
 These headlights are great , and much brighter then the normal ones . You also do see farther then the normal lights .
 This provided a very worthwhile upgrade to my wife 's 2005 Altima , which had marginal factory bulbs . She was astounded at improvement . Be aware the kit shown here is only the high beam bulbs . When I discovered that , I also purchased the SilverStar low-beam bulbs , which made the total upgrade really work . Before you try to self-install , check your car manual . The Altima required removing several things to get at each headlight assembly , so I decided to pay someone to do it . Glad I did , as it took them well over an hour to do all four bulbs , and they knew what they were doing .
 I have used Silverstars -LRB- and now Silverstar Ultras -RRB- in all of our family 's vehicles . We live in the country where roads can be very dark and deer and other critters crouch on the roadside waiting to run out . They provide a level of lighting improvement that has to be seen to appreciate . Vision is so much better and eye strain greatly lessened . They do not blind oncoming drivers when properly aimed either . My one negative is that they are not cheap and the increased output seems to come at the expense of longevity . The Ultras are said to last longer than the original Silverstars but only time will tell . Besides , all halogen bulbs lose lumens -LRB- brightness -RRB- over time so headlight bulbs should be replaced periodically anyhow . Install Silverstar Ultras , polish those lenses if they 're fogging and be prepared to be impressed ... good lighting is indespensible .
 These bulbs are a direct replacement for the high beams on my 2008 GMC Sierra -LRB- Denali -RRB- , and they work wonderfully.By way of reference , I have had this truck for over a year , now , and have always been a bit disappointed by the performance of the stock headlights . I 've been hunting for replacement -LRB- 9005 -RRB- bulbs for the high beams -LRB- and low beams , but that 's another review -RRB- for months . I have had cars recently with Xenon headlights and wished for something comparable to that degree of brightness and down-the-road visibility . The stock headlight bulbs , though serviceable , are not on the level of what I wanted . Some other aftermarket bulbs I tried were also a disappointment , more so than even the OEM bulbs . So I decided to give these a shot.I 'm glad I have these on , now . The packaging states that it can improve up to 50 % over existing bulbs . I can attest to at least about a 30 % improvement , if not more , in my non-scientific opinion . The best measure I have of this is the fact that the garage to my house is on an alleyway behind my and my neighbors ' houses . With the stock bulbs , I could just barely see my garage door , about 5 garages down , as I turned into the alley at night . The light just did n't travel far enough . Now I can not only see my garage door , but also the three past it down the same alley . In addition , the light is whiter than the yellow light put off by the OEM halogens -LRB- though still slightly yellow in tint -RRB- , so not only is the bulb brighter , but it produces a more natural light . It is not , mind you , Xenon headlight intensity or whiteness , but it 's approaching that without having to spend hundreds of dollars to change out the whole headlight to an HID model , if they even exist for your application.The only slight downside is that the mounting surface on the back of the bulb that screws into the socket is slightly different from the stock bulbs and the one set of poor aftermarket replacements I tried . This made it a little more challenging to seat the new bulbs into the sockets properly , though only slightly . You may have to work with it a bit.I 'm glad I found these and ca n't recommend them enough.Tip
 Our 1995 Toyota 's light output was pretty horrible for today 's standards . So I looked into a replacement set of hi-po bulbs and came across these at Autozone -LRB- ripoff , should have bought them through Amazon -RRB- . Anyways , I toss one of them in for a direct comparison and the differences were noticeable when the light beam was shown on a garage door . I swapped in the other one and set out for a short drive . Wow , I did n't expect the claims on the package to be believable but the performance truly is outstanding . First , you have whiter and brighter light . Then the beam shoots out a further distance and you also have more left to right coverage . Very impressive !! My only concern is , `` how long will these babies last ? '' Considering the package has a comparison chart with their other bulbs , ranking these Ultras as `` low lifespan '' I doubt they 'll last long but hey , chalk it up as a safety expense . I think they will be worth it as long as they last for a year or so .
 Wear gloves and dont touch the lamps and there is no issues with burning out . I love the crisp light they push out . I bought dims and brights for my 2012 Honda Civic . I did the drivers side and compared my factory stock to these and WOW !!!!! Huge Difference .
 The bulbs are very bright , but they do n't last very long . If you compare prices between similar items you 'll find that these are well worth the money !
 I purchased a package of these bulbs at a local store due to an in-store rebate beating Amazon 's price . However prior to installing the bulbs I read the reviews and was so glad I did - as I would have not known about the ` do n't touch the bulb without latex gloves ' issue!The installation on my 2003 Toyota 4Runner was simple and quick -LRB- wore gloves from the time I opened the box until all were installed -RRB- . When I took the vehicle out for a test drive after dark , I was thrilled with the difference the brighter , blue light made on my visibility of the road and signs . The pattern of light seemed to be broader and further than the stock bulbs.My eyesight has been changing in the past couple years , and I hated driving at night due to poor visibility while driving my 4Runner . I was n't sure if the low light conditions were an issue with the car 's electrical system or my eyes -LRB- the headlights seemed to be doing a poor job and I thought it was possibly a mechanical change or my health affecting my vision -RRB- , but thankfully , it was neither . Just needed some SilverStar Ultra High Performance Halogen Headlights and could see the road again at night!I ca n't speak to the longevity of these bulbs -LRB- the packaging states that it will be much shorter than stock bulbs and a few of the upgrades below the ` ultras ' too ... -RRB- , but better visibility is worth the extra cost to me . I hope that by installing them with latex gloves on , hotspots will be avoided and I 'll luck out on 2 or 3 years of use .
 I replaced the OEM bulbs with this . It 's brighter than the OEM . I have this set of bulbs since mid May 2010 . It 's now mid September 2011 and they are still bright.When I installed them , I made sure I had gloves -LRB- latex or otherwise -RRB- so I do n't get the oil -LRB- from your hands -RRB- onto the bulb . That way , they do n't burn out . -LRB- These bulbs gets hot when you turn them on . -RRB-
 Le quedaron bien a mi camioneta , posee muy buena iluminaci&oacute;n , los recomiendo , voy a adquirir dos pares m&aacute;s para mi otro veh&iacute;culo
 And these fit in place of my Fog/Driving lights on my Dodge Caliber -LRB- higher wattage is always good in driving light ! -RRB-
 These head light bulbs rate in the top three of after market replacement bulbs . At Amazon they are roughly 20 % less expensive than they are elsewhere and have free shipping . Now we can see about twice as far at night as we could with the OEM bulbs .
 These are a huge improvement over the original halogen bulbs in my car . They are whiter , brighter , and shine farther than the yellowish originals . It was definitely a noticable difference , and much needed for night driving in an area with a huge deer problem -LRB- S.E. Minn -RRB- .
 Having dealt with high intensity bulbs in my trade -LRB- electrician -RRB- I was careful to use gloves handling my bulbs as to avoid oils from my fingers creating `` hot spots '' on the bulbs which will shorten the life ... 6 months so far , so good . I am approaching 60 and my eyesight is n't what it used to be ... these bulbs really increased my night distance and overall vision . Good investment for me . 2002 Tundra .
 These bulbs are a nice improvement over the factory bulbs in my 2001 Chevy Silverado pickup . Installation was easy . The bright white light looks a lot better than the yellowish lights from the factory which adds a little pizzaz to my pickup . I subsequently bought some for our 1998 Toyota Avalon and the wife was shocked at how much better she could see at night driving home . Great bulbs !
 I replaced my regular Sylvania Silverstars with these Ultras -- both hi and low beam bulbs -- and immediately noted a significant difference . As an older person with a much younger lead foot , I really appreciate the difference these make for night driving . I can not overdrive these lights . Not only are they much brighter , but the width of the beam -LRB- the amount of road and shoulder covered on both sides seems much greater . They are well worth the price.Sylvania 9005SU SilverStar Ultra High Performance Halogen Headlights , Pack of 2 Bulbs
 Amazing . I decided to replace the headlights on my Chevy Cavalier . I bought the 9006 Sylvania Regular Headlights , and were so impressed by them that I decided to buy these for my brights , which also happen to be my day-timerunning lights . I took my old brights out of my car to see that they were spotted with old brown spots on them and probably explained the dull yellow color . Needless to say I was overdue for a replacement.The Difference was insane . As if my regular headlights were n't enough , these light up just about everything for a good 200-300 feet ahead , and have a huge wide angle that covers I 'd about a 165 Degree angle cone from the car . Meaning you can almost see things directly on the side of the road next to the headlamps . Ever since I installed these , friends and strangers alike have commented on how incredibly bright these lights and how blinding they were up close . Their color is very nice , I do n't like the stupid blue / purple HID 's and I thought these were a cheap alternative . These are a very crisp white / blue bright light and look very nice . I actually get flashed by other drivers to turn off my brights now as I drive by -LRB- sometimes we forget , right ? -RRB- . Pros
 GREAT PRODUCT ! AWESOME ! VISIBILITY IS OPTIMAL ! BEST I 'VE EVER SEEN AT NIGHT!GREAT PRODUCT ! -LRB- Do n't touch the bulbs they burn out within 3 months if you do ! -RRB-
 Made driving on dark roads better and less tiring . Have no problems seeing while driving now .
 Since Amazon is not clear on their website ... hopefully , this will same someone some irritation ... . THESE REPLACEMENT BULBS ARE FOR YOUR HIGH BEAMS !!! Amazon has the part checker to ensure they fit your car - could they just add a line after it says `` they fit '' that also mentions what the part replaces -LRB- ie . High Beam , Low Beam , etc -RRB- ? This was the first time it was worse for me to buy online rather than physically in-store . I thought I was being smart by ordering instead of going to the local auto shop , but last time I purchased , the giant encyclopedia they have to check your part clearly told me what I was buying . How stupid of me , BUT Amazon could help us out and give us a little more detailed information .
 The funny thing is I had just replaced the passenger side headlight with a cheaper Sylvania bulb several months ago . When the driver side went out , I figured it was worth at least trying out these new fancy bulbs to see if they make a difference . And my oh my , what a difference ! Both of our headlights have some serious fogging going on , and the driver side actually has more fog . Despite the fogging we have a constant side-by-side comparison and it is easy to tell which of the two headlights is the new Sylvania and which is the old.We live in rural Minnesota and there are miles & miles of road which we travel frequently that are not well lit which makes these headlights well worth it for our needs.If your night driving is mostly in-town in well-lit areas then you could probably save the money and go with a lesser bulb . If you 're driving at night in poorly-lit areas , these bulbs are fantastic .
 These Sylvania bulbs do provide brilliant , perfect white light . What the novice needs to know is these lights are STREET LEGAL . For me , a Blackman in this country , is important to get along with the police , for too bright a bulb can get you pulled over . If you are looking for the super bright , perfect white , crispy light , that makes your fellow driver squint , you may need a HID converter to keep from burning the bulb harness in your car . These particular SYLVANIA bulbs are not the `` screaming '' white ones . I do n't know why SYLVANIA does not make a low beam application for regular driving lights , but these high beams do exactly as advertised . If you understand what I have stated here , you will be satisfied as I am .
 I bought these because it said it would fit my 1995 Honda Accord , the only problem is they are for * HIGH BEAM * lights . Turns out I needed the 9006 lights -LRB- for the non high beam lights -RRB- . So the only complaint I have is that I wish it had mentioned they were high beam only .
 I really wanted to install Pure Bright White Halogen Light Bulbs for my Camry 2009 as the reviews were impressive ! But sadly , these do n't fit in my Car!Only H11 's will fit which come in High Performance types only and Sylvania does n't make Ultra High Performance Headlamps for Camry , that was really sadLoved the product and I wish it could be installed !
 I have only used it for three weeks so i can not talk about how long it 'll last , but it is brighter than stock light .
 The cheap ones that they sell at the local auto parts store do not work with Factory mirrors with OnStar but this item worked perfectly
 This is thee best place to buy your replacement parts.I saved 40 % buying it here opposed to going to the auto part store.Great quality part . OEM Specs.Bolted right on and operattes perfectly.I will buy here again .
 Got this to use for traveling when I need to charge a phone or for other 12v uses and it is great ! Have used it many times and feel it holds a charge well and is exactly as described . It is smaller than others I have found and reasonably lightweight . Very pleased with my purchase and great price too !
 The Clore CarStart CS1000 Portable Jump Starter is a nine pound unit with two 27 inch long , # 6 guage cables , an LED light and a power port to charge and operate anything requiring up to 12 amps . It provides 225 crank assist amps and has an LED display that indicates its state of charge.The CarStart CS1000 Jump Starter , with 225 crank amps is technically adequate for jump starting a vehicle of up to 225 cubic inches or 3.7 liters . I own a CarStart CS1000 and have used it several times to jump start my Jeep Cherokee 4L . One of these times the battery was completely dead , not turning the engine nor giving any clicking noises . It started on the first attempt , although I failed to allow the engine to warm up and removed my foot from the accelerator allowing the engine to die . The CS1000 did not have enough charge to start the Jeep again without recharging the unit . But , it did start the 4L vehicle.I have to say that I do not find too many negatives when I keep in mind the design and intended use of the CarStart CS1000 Jump Starter . But a few are worth mentioning .1 . The small battery in the unit is very sensitive to temperature . Its ideal storage temperature is 68F . This requires removing the unit from the car whenever you are finished driving for the day .2 . When jump starting a 3.7 L or 4.0 L engine in very cold temperatures the CS1000 may only provide one attempt at starting the vehicle without needing to be recharged .3 . This unit will likely not work for anything larger than 4L and certainly not for V8 engines , but lets keep in mind that it was never designed for these purposes.I recommend the Clore CarStart CS1000 Portable Jump Starter for use on vehicles up to 3.7 L. I have had only success in starting a 4L engine , but I must keep in mind the design of the product and the experiences of others to the contrary.I also recommend the CS1000 because of its versatility in jump starting cars , trucks , personal water craft , lawn and garden tractors and motor boats.Finally , I recommend this product because of the power port which will charge or operate any device requiring up to 12 amps.I payed over $ 60 for my CS1000 Jump Starter . Currently , Amazon has listings for as low as $ 32 . Really , this is a very useful , well designed and well built product . For $ 32 , I can see no reason to not purchase this item . http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=me%3DA1AUFI5NHGNZ61&field-keywords;=cs1000+jump+starter
 This is a must have for any new drivers or anyone without a new vehicle . It is great to keep in your car in the event of an emergency .
 This is such a nice little compact unit for the price . We have used it only once and the vehicle started immediately . I gave it as a gift to my son who drives an older compact car . You may need more cranking amps for a larger vehicle . It works great for him and provides piece of mind knowing it 's stored in his trunk ready to go .
 I purchased this for myself and was so happy with it that I bought a second one for a gift . Works great and is small enough to leave in the car . It sure beats hooking up jumper cables if someone needs a jump ; and sure beats running the risk of ruining an alternator . Great idea !
 Okay , let 's get the obvious out of the way . The little flashlight head is nothing more than a dust cap to the 12V port . You wo n't be able to see anything with that thing . At best , you may be able to read a comic book under the covers when the lights go out at camp . Get a real flashlight.What you get is a well built , self contained , rechargeable 12V power source with only one outlet . 900 amps is plenty for running a cell phone , IPod , laptop computer , and most other small devices . A little over 2 feet of cable should be enough if you plan balancing this unit on your fender . The 6 gauge wires are thick enough to handle the capacity and length . Full size clamps are easier to handle than those flimsy little nipple clamps that come on other units.A good battery , such as anOptima Batteries D27M BlueTop Group 27 Marine Battery , could have 1,000 cranking amps and 800 cold cranking amps . Can you jump that with 225 cranking amps ? Maybe . Maybe not . It could be okay if your battery is not fully drained . If your car was left in cold weather and the battery is low , and this jump starter just came fully charged out of a warm house , this might work . But if this unit was sitting in the trunk of your car , then it is just as cold as the battery under the hood.For $ 35 , you get what you pay for . It 's a great portable , light weight , power supply . Will this actually jump start a car ? It might . But there is a reason why tow truck drivers are n't using these . You do n't use a floating lantern battery to jump start car batteries . It 's small , does not take much space , and even your teenage daughter could handle this with ease.It would work great as a back-up device for peace of mind , on your teenage daughter 's little sub-compact economy car if she left the radio , vanity mirror light , or interior cabin light on overnight . I could count on it to jump start a motor scooter that has n't been ridden all winter . But I would have reservations about using this to power up the dead battery of The Pork Chop Express on a dark & stormy night.Keep in mind that today 's modern vehicles are usually equipped with technology to turn off the headlight and radio when the key is turned off or out of the ignition . Even American cars which are engineered for the headlights to operate independent of the ignition switch feature some sort of warning chime . The chances of returning to a drained battery are slim . A simple way to prevent this from happening is to install aPriorityStart ! 12 Volt ProMaxor aBattery Protector -LRB- T4 -RRB- . Units such asJump-N-Carry JNC1224 3400/1700 Peak Amp 12/24V Jump Starteroffer up to 3400 peak amps , with 850 cranking amps.Coleman Cable 08862 25-Foot Ultra-Heavy-Duty Truck and Auto Battery Booster Cables , 2-Gaugeare 2 gauge . You can go really overboard and set up aWARN 32966 24 ' Quick Connect Power Cablewith aWARN 26769 Quick Connect Booster Cable Kit . Or just buy one of these , and subscribe to an auto club membership . No shame in calling a tow truck , and letting the professionals do it .
 My battery was dead so I bought with 2 day shipping . It arrived , I charged it up overnight , connected it to the car and let it trickle for 15-20 minutes , then turned the key -- the car started up . Compared to the price of having somebody come over to jump start the car , this starter has paid for itself already , and the 15-20 minutes I let it trickle was faster than waiting for somebody to arrive .
 This jumper is a total life saver ! My husband 's car battery was on it 's way out and we never knew if the car would start or not . It was so nice to have this in the trunk just in case while we looked into buying a new car battery . Once you charge it , it stays charged for months , so you can leave it in your car and forget about it .
 I have a car kept in the garage.Bettery goes bad if I do not run regulary . I use it when the bettery is out.It works great.Thanks
 i was having problem with my car starter / battery . but thanks to this handy device . I am having no problem in case of emergency start on road . it is must have item specially for old car .
 My order was received promptly . I tried the jump start on my 04 Cadillac Deville , Drained my battery watching a movie , The first try was unsuccessful , but the second time it started with no problems . . i think this is a great item to have . Especially if you watch tv or listen to radio in your automobile . . thank you
 Great deal , better than hooking up 2 cars . After I bought mine I discovered there was another model with an air compressor .
 I bought this as a lighting deal around black Friday and got a great deal on it . I have a fleet of business vehicles and I 'm kicking myself for not buying a few more . Recently we had a faulty battery in one of our vans and we had to use this 5x in one day until I could get the battery replaced . It worked all 5 times without a recharge in between . The flashlight that comes with it is very cheap and dim but I could see it being useful if you were changing a tire or something . Nothing else.It is also fairly small and lightweight . I 'd recommend it to anyone as an occasional backup incase of a dead battery .
 I bought this as an emergency battery for taking wintery trips in a Nissan Murano . That vehicle has a 3.5 liter V-6 engine . On the one occasion I accidentally ran the battery down and tried using this , it did start , but the engine did not turn over very rapidly . Now , this is something that others had already reported in reviews , so I was not overly surprised.On the other hand , I have a small convertible with a 40cylinder engine that site in storage all winter long . The battery , even disconnected , needs to get a good zap of electricity it order to be used . This little marvel not only got the Miata started in under 5 seconds , it had enough power a week later to give a friend a `` jump '' in her Honda Accord . But again , that is a 4-cylinder engine.If you have a big honking truck or a Caddie , get something larger and more powerful . If you have a small car , this is more than a good deal .
 I have a large motor home with a number of batteries , all of which I foolishly allowed to die in my driveway since I did n't use it for many months . Since I could n't get my car near the RV to jump it , I thought I might try this charger . Although the charger did n't have enough power to start this large vehicle , I was able to plug it in and trickle charge the batteries for a few hours . I do n't know if this is recommended procedure , but it turned out to be a good solution to my problem and got me going with no apparent damage to the charger .
 ... guys and gals , the trick to using this gem of a tool is to use it as a trickle charger for the `` dead '' battery . Clamp this little guy on , and allow 10-15 minutes for it to do its duty -LRB- the wait time is trivial-how long would you wait for AAA ? -RRB- . REMOVE the clamps and clear the Clore unit safely from the vehicle , and turn the key in the dead vehicle . This way is safest to recover a disabled vehicle -LRB- no sparks , no explosions or fire , no melted or shorted wires or cables , no injuries ... -RRB- , be it a car or a 1-ton pickup-with ANY size battery.JUST keep it charged ; that 's all it asks of its owner ... The 12V outlet is nifty -LRB- its cover , disguised as a utility light , is a clever idea-use it for small-space illumination -RRB- ; I use it to power my netbook and my tire inflator ... I look forward to sharing many years with this clever tool ...
 I 've had mine for at between 5 and 10 years . I know that I 've used it maybe 10 times in all . It has worked perfectly 9 out of 10 times . The only time it did n't work we had discharged the battery of our Ford Escape V6 until it was totally dead . Then and only then it did n't work . I have a really heavy Jump & Start portable jumper and that would n't jump start the Escape either . So , I have 90 % success and the one time it did n't work , I do n't think anything else would have worked either . I am not an expert , but I 've have nothing but good experiences which has left me very confident in this unit . Yes , it 's small . I think that 's a good thing.On several occasions when I 've helped people who 's batteries are dead , they are amazed at how well it works , particularly because it 's so small . I have jumped SUV 's , small cars and larger cars . It has been my experience that this unit is just as reliable as my larger , presumably more powerful unit . I charge it up about once a year and that 's all i 've done for years to maintain it . After reading many of these luke warm reviews I do n't know if I would buy this , but the fact is , it 's so easy to use and it almost always works ! I prefer it over the two other units I have that weigh at least 3 to 4 times as much and are much larger as well . I guess if you have an 18 wheeler then you probably should n't rely on this , but if you do n't have an 18 wheeler why would you want something that big to jump your normal sized car or SUV ? I give this an enthusiastic 5 stars .
 I have a larger all-purpose jump starter -LRB- with inverter and air pump -RRB- , which I keep at home or tote with when I use one of the trucks or cargo van . But , for my passenger vehicle , I wanted something small , inexpensive , and just powerful enough to start my 4 cylinder Hyundai Sonata . I do n't need a ton of crank amps to turn this engine over , so there 's no point in paying a lot for big heavy SLA I do n't need - especially considering how reliable my car has been with its new Optima battery . For my purposes , this is perfect . It 's value priced , has enough muscle to start my car up without difficulty -LRB- I 've done a few tests -RRB- , recharges quickly , and is a fairly sturdy & compact design . At such a low price , I wo n't feel guilty if it 's lost , stolen , or only survives a few seasons in the trunk . It also makes a modest power source to recharge portable electronics , via the 12V DC socket . I 'm quite pleased with this purchase , but I recommend folks evaluate their needs before buying it - it 's not really suited for bigger engines .2013 Update
 This portable jumper worked GREAT on my little honda civic and after it jumped my honda it still had almost full charge and then 2 days later jumped my sisters ford escort and it still had some juice left in it . its a great value and nice to have and cost about the same as a pair of nice jumper cables.GREAT BUY for four cylinders
 With my wife driving long distances and at odd hours I wanted her to never have to worry about a dead battery . This jump pack is lightweight and easy enough for her to use if she ever needs it . I top it off once a month just to make sure its always charged and ready to go . The 12v light is pretty useless but you never know it might just come in handy one day . The price is great compared to other jumppacks in this amp range as well . Just remember this is for a compact car , it probably would not work very well on a V8
 The light pulls out to give you a 12v socket , the charge holds steady for 5 months so far , it 's compact , lightweight and simple to use . Bought one , then all family members wanted one so we now have 4 . Solid buy .
 I have a Honda Civic and I 've had to use this product on it at least 5 times . I used it at least 3 times without recharging it . It 's a time saver because I do n't have to inconvenience anyone to help me jump start my car .
 Excellent price on a special . Our old one died and this a great replacement to have on hand in case you happen to leave a light on overnight and drain the battery down ... this will get you speeding off to work without having to wait for AAA , or a neighbor with jumper cables !
 I needed a battery pack to jump start my mower , but needed some thing small and lite , This battery pack answered all my needs .
 After charging this unit-it did a great job of starting a very low battery on my lawn tractor . It does have an attached flashlight for night use plus can use the 12 volt function for cellphones , etc. .
 Right out of the box , the Clora CS 1000 Ultra-Portable 900 Peak Amp Jump Starter works ! As advertised , it is ultra-portable , pounds lighter than another brand . Would have given five stars if it were delivered by UPS to my door . UPS instead , delivered it to the post office which does not deliver to my door ,
 This company makes one just like it for twice as much . It 's black and has a 1-yr . warranty , as opposed to this one , which is 6 mos . Have n't tried it yet , but it looks like it will do the job . Very lightweight .
 This wiper arm is as good as OEM or better , stronger spring than OEM.Better coating than OEM I think.Will buy again when needed
 These worked great and I saved a lot of money changing these myself . It took a while but was worth the effort .
 I bought this relay recently . The relay itself works fine at this time , but the front lock tab broke when installing ? I am a technician that works for Ford and almost 20 yrs experience . I know how to install a relay ! The plastic lock downs are thin ! But , I would probably buy this again due to price , and free shipping .
 This product saved me tons of money . Works and fits great on my mini-van would have paid alot more if I would have ordered from a local parts store .
 Product works as expected . Wired up to coil driver circuit instead of rpm signal bc of ease of access . Very clear and easy to use . Also painted Black as to not be so reflective on back side .
 I bought this tack and it works very well for the money . shift light is right on the money and im very happy with it .
 THIS IS A HIGH QUALITY TACHOMETER MEET ALL MY EXPECTATIONS WORKS VERY EFFICIENTLY LOOKS REAALY GOOD WILL RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 Awesome product . Easy to install and looks great . After sometime the face starts to rattle but its nothing majorm blue light looks beautiful . I use it for down shifting .
 this is a good tach use it for a chevy caviliar 1999 only tach that will work is a tach with 2 cid settings , works great
 It 's def a big tach . Thankfuly my girl likes a guy with a big tach ! Came as described with all the pieces and wiring and installation was a breeze . It 's accurate too from the readings I obtained .
 I ordered this as a surprise for my boyfriend to go in his 90 fox body mustang and I have to say it 's much larger than I thought . The other one I have in my car is flat on the back . I hope it fits ok . It kinda reminds me of an old headlamp out of a 30s Buick .
 I ordered this for a friend because he needed a new exhaust for his car . He seems to really love it and has n't had a problem yet .
 I had a hard time finding a sound that meets up to my liking , and when I installed this exhaust . If you are the type of person not wanting anything too loud or causing any attention then this will be for your s2000 . It has a deeper tone on lower RPM , and when your pushed your car 's motor it has a higher deep tone that sounds even better.You probably wont get noticed comparing it to other exhaust that is just loud . Tanabe is a very good brand just like other Japanese exhaust makers , it is very affordable and does pretty much the same as all exhaust with higher price . I dont understand why people would spend thousands of dollars on high end name brands when exhaust is an exhaust . Everything matters catalytic and up to your motor . Dont get me wrong Tanabe is a good high quality brand just like others but pricing is just right if your looking to work more in your motor and not spend on the output because regardless it only prevents your restrictions and weight reduction .
 These are the OEM spark plugs in my 2006 Jeep Liberty 3.7 L gas engine . I ordered six and installed them , and the car runs great . The gap was consistent out of the box on all six . Replace them on time , and they 'll help keep your vehicle running like new .
 Our 2008 Liberty has just a shade over 100K miles . I replace these plugs personally every year -LRB- first replacement was @ 40,500 miles , then @ 64,200 miles , then @ 85,500 , now will be @ 100 + -RRB- Overall no complaints . The plugs come out looking fine . Someone has mentioned that the service intervals to be followed closely , and I fully agree . These are not iridium or platinum plugs that will last 100K miles comfortably . These are good ol' copper , and their life is pretty much limited to 30-40K miles . Do n't forget that worn out plugs will eventually destroy your high voltage coils . $ 3-4 per replacement plug vs. $ 30-40 for a replacement coil is a no-brainer to me . Do n't skip on basic maintenance ; you will pay more in the end .
 I had never heard of NGK spark plugs until after purchasing my 2006 Ram 1500 4.7 L . Many people on the truck forums swore by the V-Power plugs . I have to agree . I found that my idle smoothed out instantly and that I noticed an increase in power when accelerating . Some have mentioned an increase in MPG , but sadly I have not . These plugs are worth the money .
 The plugs are quite decent and will serve one well if one follows the replacement intervals found in the vehicle 's manual . Different vehicles burn through plugs at different speeds . The v-groove does n't last long ; once it 's gone the central electrode becomes an ordinary copper post and any benefit of the groove should be quite gone too . My manual says that the plugs must be replaced every 30K miles , and after 30K the central electrodes are but gone .
 I have been using NGK V-Power plugs in my vehicles since 2005 and have never had 1 problem . I will continue to use them until they stop making them . And hopefully that does n't happen .
 Shipping was fast . My son loves the Fox Racing Main Pro Goggles . The Riot Frame is a cool design and sturdy . He loves the tear off lens !
 These shoes fit perfectly and work quietly -LRB- 05 Scion xB -RRB- . They were well-packaged , and cheaper than the local auto outlets . No complaints.I added the official Beck-Arnley photo for these shoes , since they definitly do not look like a brake rotor .
 I needed a new clutch cable after wrecking my bike & breaking my neck & back in 17 places . I am sure cable will work fine , I just hope my back does also !!!!!!!!!
 Needed something that would prevent slipping on the boat . This CLEAR coating was just the ticket ! A clear grit that will prevent broken bones , etc. . My wife really appreciates the way she can now climb aboard with wet shoes with out slipping . Thanks for a wonderful product .
 I bought this to use on a shoe rack with metal rods from which the shoes all slid off . I took it outdoors and sprayed on about 6 light coats as per the instructions over two days . The results were totally satisfactory . The shoe rack now works !
 I was very please , we had two pourchs that have slick tile . sprayed some on , it is clear so ca n't see any difference , but put some water down on an area treated and the other area untreated and you will notice a whole of difference when you walk on it . It makes tile not slippery at all , but not sticky or anything like that . works perfect , highly recommend .
 I recently had an incident in which one of my children slipped and injured herself on our rock waterfall . I sprayed this product on my waterfall in areas where people walk . It provided excellent traction wet or dry . Having this product resulted in no more issues with slip and falls . I also sprayed it on the walkway leading into my garage from the pool area and I must say , AWESOME !! This was the end all with resolving slippery surfaces ...
 I am pleased with this product . An inexpensive , easy solution to my exterior entry way that became a tripping hazard when wet . I am ordering more cans for other areas .
 The porcelain tiles on the deck and stairs were slicker than I thought they would be when they get wet . I needed something to prevent accidents while going up and down steps.I sprayed three thin coats and it worked beautifully without taking away from the look of the tile we liked so much .
 Very cheap and effective fix to a slip problem on our Trek style deck . Masked off step area I wanted to cover and sprayed . Very simple solution . FYI ... deck area where I sprayed dried a slight bit darker then unsprayed area at least on my mfg decking . By taping off area I wanted sprayed it gives appearance of highlighting step area and looks great .
 I just started to ride a quad and all my colors are pink , white and black . I have had many compliments on them , fit great , tint on lense is very good and I would n't hesitate to purchase another for a spare . Good quality product .
 a good product exceeded my expectations if I really recommend the product I wanted because I did not find in stores
 Love these goggles !! They are super comfortable and fit great ! I love the tint that is on them . They 're perfect
 Great product , I would buy again in the future . These plugs solved my misfiring problem on my aging toyota .
 This wiper arm fits my 1997 F-150 perfectly . Sitting in the drivers seat , it is not the correct arm for the driver side or -LRB- left -RRB- as it clearly states . It is the correct arm for the passenger or -LRB- right -RRB- side , as it also states . I call your attention to the fit guide that says it fits only the passenger side of all the vehicles that are listed on the guide . The guide is correct . The description of the product is wrong .
 Although I 've tried diligently to track down the source of the draw down for the battery on my 87 Porsche , I was unable to find the cause . After five or six days of sitting covered in the garage , the battery would simply draw down . I looked at the reviews for a small but efficient charrger that would not only charge , but also maintain the battery for long periods of time without danger of overcharging it . I found the Battery Tender met those criteria , and was substantially cheaper than the one that had the Porsche logo on it for $ 130 . This charger also comes standard with additional accessories that other units charge extra for ... like the terminal ring plug-in , the cigarette lighter adaptor -LRB- $ 17 -RRB- , and the alligator clips . I set up the car with the terminal ring plug and left the plug secreted in the corner of the front grill so I dont even have to raise the hood , but simply plug the charger into the discreet small black plug . Many of the Porsche or other classic car afficianados will extoll the virtures of the higher priced units that might come with a Porsche , Corvette , or other specialized logo ... but the Batter Tender Plus does everything the high priced models do with the same efficiency , but costs less , and includes accessories at no extra cost .
 I live in south Florida where home generators are a part of survival in summer due to past hurricanes . This is a great product . I have it connected to my generator battery and also have used it for my marine battery . The Amazon price was also the lowest found .
 I have purchased a total of five of these charges over the past several years . I use them to keep the batteries charged on a number of pieces of farm equipment . They work well in both the warm summer months and the cold Michigan winter months . With a large number of animals to feed , it is very important that the equipment start when needed . I highly recommend this product .
 I have a 2001 Mazda Miata that is rarely driven in the winter and not at all in inclement weather . So it spends a lot of time covered in the driveway . I have always had a problem with the battery draining down . I would regualry have to charge the battery overnight or leave it disconnected . Since I began using the Deltran Battery Tender in December I have not had a problem . The charger electronically supplies the optimal amount of juice to keep the battery in tip top shape . I just unplug and go.Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender Plus 12-Volt 1.25 AMP Battery Charger
 PRO
 I 've had this item for several years , which I use to maintain standard starting batteries on my truck & tractor . Has worked great since day one & has definitely increased the battery life to my batteries . It will work for larger deep cycle/rechargeable batteries as long as the battery is fully charged & there are no drains on the battery . I recommend the Power Tender Plus 5 amp unit for larger deep cycle/rechargeable batteries . Its fully automatic so you can leave connected all the time without worry . It also comes with a 10-year warranty , which is the longest on the market . Well worth the investment .
 I purchased this to maintain the battery charge on my &#34; summer &#34; vehicle based on the reputation of the Battery Tender brand . It arrived on time and was well packaged . The instructions are clear , and the hook-up was easy using the included clamps . My only problem was that the battery on this vehicle is located in the trunk , and as long as the truck was open at all , the courtesy lamp in the trunk remained lit . This minor concern was solved by removing the appropriate fuse . Once connected and plugged in , the unit worked as promised , charging the battery and then dropping down to a lower amperage to maintain the charge . If you store a vehicle in the off-season , I 'd definitely recommend purchasing this item .
 It 's much more cost effective to keep your $ 100 battery maintained at all times . This works on all 12 Volt auto/air . marine & RV batteries . It will save you BIG money in the long run .
 The problem is that I have n't used it yet because I will only use this tender when I 'm leaving my car garaged for extended periods.I 'm sure it will maintain my battery charge while I 'm away . It 's got a guarantee in case it does n't do the trick .
 I have been using the battery tender I first purchased in 2000 for my Harley since my mechanic said just riding to and from work was not enough to keep the battery charged . It has always worked well . I purchased my second one most recently because I was tired of moving from my bike to my wife 's . Now I have one for each bike .
 this is an addition to the Battery Tender I already own . They do exactly what they claim and my other one is 10 + years old .
 I ordered this battery tender from Amazon with the standard ground shipping and hoped to receive it in a week , to my surprise the unit arrived in less than two days . -- Kudos to the Amazon delivery team . Out of the box the unit seemed smaller than what I thought , but its performance was wonderful . It comes with an alligator clip cable and another cable with ring connectors for permanent attach to the battery posts , so one can leave it in place and charge without popping up the hood . After I hooked up the unit to my battery and plugged to the wall , the red light came on right away and stay steady on , indicating that the unit was correctly connected and charging . It took about six hours for the light to change from steady red to flashing green , which means 80 % capacity had been reached . I left the unit connected over the night and found it fully charged the next day -LRB- steady green light on -RRB- . The battery on my 2008 sedan had been under charged for some time due to my short distance driving to and from work . It kept resetting the trip odometer and clock every week . I complained to the dealer and was told that the car needed to be driven 30 miles one way every day to sufficiently charge it &#8212; something that can &#8217; t be done when I live close to work . But the car still started on its own power and had never been jump started ; it was just annoying that I had to reset the clock every few days . Then came the cold snap week at the end of December that I guess made the battery losing its power even quicker . Clock and trip odometer reset every time I started the car . That prompted me to look for a battery charger and this battery tender came along . Now a month after that full charge my battery stays strong , the car starts quickly every time , and I don &#8217; t have to reset my clock again . I recommend this unit to anyone who has a car with less driving to help recharge the battery when needed .
 I am trying to figure out how anyone in a colder weather climate can survive without one of these attached to whatever you have in our garage . I have two of these and they work amazingly well . The only issue is that you almost HAVE to buy the extension cord as very few vehicles will be within a few feet of the outlet in a garage ... and even if it does fit , you 'll likely have the tender in a place where you do n't want it to remain . The only complaint is that they should give you a 10 foot cord instead of the ridiculously short one they send out with it now ...
 I use this to keep my Harley battery topped off , as well as my MGB and a spare car battery I have in the garage . Despite its size , it will charge a car battery without issue .
 Have used Battery Tenders for years as they always keep my motorcycle and garden tractor batteries fully charged and ready . This replaced a Jr. unit that fell off of a work bench .
 I have used Battery Tender , on my motorcycle , for 6 years . This is why I purchased one for my wife 's Mustang that will also sit through the winter . I am also pleased with this new unit , which I have hooked up buying the additional cigarrette lighter adapter . Note
 Needed a charger to keep batteries fresh when not in use for weeks at a time . Overall I loved the price of the charger that was almost half that of other auto stores or the actual web site . The charger is working perfectly ! I love the two cables it is supplied with and the cords are long enough to reach around and through the vehicals . Looking forward to not losing any batteries this winter season .
 I have a Mercedes SL500 that I rarely drive . The car has two batteries ... one for starting the car and another for most of the electronics , e.g. , the retractible roof , the steering wheel tilt , the door locks , etc. . Long-story-short , it was very stressful and frustrating always wondering if the car had been sitting too long . Initially after hooking the charger up , I was concerned the charger was working because it took longer than expected to charge the battery . However , after a few days , the green light came on indicating the battery was fully charged -RRB- . I now have a new sense of confidence when I get in my car , and I owe it to this little device!It 's LEDs glow red when charging . Green and red blink once 80 % has been achieved . Solid green at 100 % . It 's very small size makes it extremely easy to use and store . And it will not overcharge , so you do not have to babysit the process.Highly recommended .
 Easy to use and lights let you know which level it is charging , 80 % or trickle . Has quick disconnect one with clips and eye lets to charge different types of batteries .
 I work at home and drive my car infrequently , once a week . That drains the battery , especially in winter months . So this winter , as with many winters past , my battery had gone `` dead '' . I took the battery out of the car , brought it inside and hooked it up to my new Battery Tender Plus . It took some time , about 40 hours to fully charge , but when I put it back in my car it was like I had a brand new battery in there . It was easy to use , very straightforward . The steady red light came on to indicate charging , then the steady red and blinking green lights to indicate topping off the last 20 % of the charge , and finally the steady green light to indicate my battery was fully charged and ready to go.When I did n't get the blinking green light after 16 hours I called their help line and talked to a very courteous and knowledgeable rep. She told me that it can take up to 72 hours , and not to be impatient . She was right on the money . Great customer support.I 'll never be without a Battery Tender Plus from now on !!
 My car was having electrical issues that kept draining the battery . I could n't figure out what was going on after swapping the battery out - so I needed a way to recharge the battery so I could start up the car . After reading reviews on Amazon , I decided to get this charger . I followed the instructions and was able to recharge my car battery and get it to the mechanic . It 's a great backup if you need to recharge your battery whether you store a car for a long time , or have a short commute like myself where I would never be able to recharge the battery just on running the car from work to home and back .
 I purchased the battery tender because I have a 2nd car that I rarely drive and the battery had gone dead . I tried to jump it with my other car , but the charge would not hold . I received the battery tender from Amazon and hooked it up . Because the battery was so dead , I kept getting the flashing red light , which meant it was too dead to charge and I thought I would have to buy a new battery . Anyway , before going the new battery route , I tried jumping it again with the other car . This gave it enough charge to get the steady red light . After the steady red , you get a flashing green when the battery is at 80 % . The only problem I had is that I never got a flashing or a steady green light . I left it hooked up for several days before I tried to start it . Well , when I did attempt to start it , it cranked immediately . I have been trying to drive it now at least once per week and have not had any problems with the battery . I think this product is wonderful , except for never getting the flashing or steady green light .
 I am very pleased with the battery Tender . I own a Harley and have had no problems . I just unhook the tender and the bike starts right up !
 You 've seen all the other reviews , I wo n't be able to add anything that has n't been said already about the great job this does topping off your batteries . Like others , I 've been burned by the failing batteries of less used vehicles and got this to help the situation , after seeing how good it works I bought an additional unit . I was worried about how much current the units drew from the wall while idling as that could potentially drive up the cost and negate the benefits of maintaining your batteries so I conducted a little test.My test has a group size of 1 so it does n't take in to consideration larger or smaller battery sizes , but here are my results : My motorcycle 's stock battery is a yb18l-a and is rated at 270 cca @ 0 degrees.Put the tender on last night and the tender drew 30 watts from the wall.When it went to 80 % it was down to 23 watts.This morning it was fully charged and my meter was toggling between 2 and 3 watts.What this means is that it draws about 1/2 the current of a 5 watt nightlight . Most of us use many times that amount leaving unattended wall-warts plugged in and any remote-control device draws at least that much to operate it 's remote on/off circuit.This tender wo n't add anything to your electric bill if you just unplug some other item that draws about the same . A simplistic approach , but we 're talking about 2 to 3 watts.I 'm sure someone who 's good with the whole amp/hours thing could figure out exactly how much it costs per month at that rate but I 'm not gon na worry about it.I bought an extra battery connector and the 25 ' extension cable which both had free shipping . I used to enjoy making these kinds of things but these have nice molded ends with rubber dust covers and you ca n't beat the free shipping so it 's worth the money .
 The Deltran Battery Tender Plus has performed exactly as I anticipated . It took my `` winter stored '' battery and has charged it to 100 % . I have left it connected while I cleaned and prepped my boat for the summer season . No complaints .
 I ordered the Deltran Smart charger -LRB- tender -RRB- as it 's the same unit that BMW uses . It had nothing but great reviews and so far I 'm very pleased . I have it hooked to my Generater to keep the battery charged and ready as it 's Hurricane season in FL . They claim their charging method will actually make the battery last longer , that would be nice , but time will tell . Comes with two end , standard clips and type that you can bolt on to the battery lugs . There is a disconnect in the cable so you can leave it attached to the battery and just plug the charger . The side on the battery even had a nice little plug so you ca n't short out the battery if the cable is moving around after being disconnected . Very pleased so far and would buy another one if I needed it .
 This charger/tender works exactly as promised . I like the fact that you dont need to babysit it . My only concern is that it gets very warm while charging my trolling battery . That may be normal but should there be a problem , there is a 10 year warranty . How many products do you know of which have THAT ?
 Battery Tender Plus is the most amazing little charger I have ever owned . My 1990 Corvette ZR1 is a garage queen , driven only to shows and on special occasions so needless to say the battery would never stay charged . That thank God is no longer an issue , nook it up , turn it on and walk away , never a dead battery again . I should have purchased one long ago.Ron
 What can I say ? the Battery Tender Plus is the best thing to happen to vehicle batteries since ... well , electricity!I have three of them now for my motorcycles , and there is no doubt that they help extend the serviceable life of your battery . You NEED to get one of these ... . or three as the case may be .
 As usual it arrived from Amazon within 3 days and works perfectly on two motorcycles . It is bullet proof with no set up requirements . I bought the extra accessory with ring terminals so both bikes can be plugged in at will with minimum effort . If you do n't use your vehicle daily then this will pay for itself easily by maintaining the battery at full charge without overcharging and shortening the battery life . `` A must have item '' .
 Bought this Deltran battery charger to save the dead battery in my Honda Reflex scooter . Plugged it in following the directions and left it on overnight . The next morning , my battery was good to go . Now I do n't have to worry about a dead battery after weeks of not riding ! I plan to use this charger for my car , too ! Go Deltran !
 I thought this charger was a bit pricey at $ 50 . And to my displeasure it 's made in China . So labor cost was low to produce . That being said , it does a nice job so far charging car batteries . And it has a 10 year warranty . The microprocessor make this thing pretty much Idiot proof . You can leave it on for days and not worry about it blowing up , or frying your battery.Like others have said , it needs a day or two to charge a fully drained battery . So if you need something faster , then look elsewhere . Otherwise , plug it in overnight and Fu-get about it .
 I have tried many other types of battery tenders , only to have them either fail or over charge the battery . This one works extremely well and I would recommend it to anyone storing their classic .
 I 've used this continuously since purchasing it and it works great ! I drive my NSX rarely and need to keep the battery charged .
 My harley is sitting in my garage , put battery tender on now and then to charge battery . My bike already had the connector on so now i dont need to remove seat to charge
 It works ! Now I do n't have to jump start my car every day , love it ! Very easy to use . Wish I would have it sooner .
 Well worth the price . I 've had different brands & styles of trickle chargers . Hands down this one by Battery Tender is by far the greatest , plus you can reach their support staff if you have any questions ...
 Works well outside in freezing weather and does n't take a long time to charge a 12 volt battery . I like the options that come with it .
 Easy to hook up use . Does what I expected it too . Will probably buy another one . I recommend this too anyone .
 I have been using one of these Tenders for over 20 years so that I do n't have to pull the battery out of my scooter or Trike for the winter . I have one for every vehicle and my riding lawn mower .
 Purchased this charger to replace a smaller one which broke . I use it daily for my motorcycle battery and it works great to keep the battery in great shape .
 Excellant quality and should last forever . A little pricey but it 's the best that I have found . I would reccomend this product to others .
 I really like this product . It seems well built and charged my dead motorcycle battery up really quick . Now I use the quick disconnects and just leave my motorcycle plugged in when I 'm not using it . This is the lazy mans device !!
 It took me a while but this is just what my husband wanted . Arrived on time and packaged nicely . Thanks
 Great unit . Just plug it in , make the battery connections and off it goes . It monitors and charges automatically . What could be easier ?
 These battery tenders are by far the best on the market in my opinion ... . At these prices you can justify more than one considering they sell for $ 100 dollars at the part store , for just one !!!! As long as your battery is not drained completely it will keep them up and charged ...
 My Corvette convertible does n't get out much in the winter so this is perfect for maintaining the battery and not having to jump it when I do get to drive it after sitting a while . Really like the simplicity and quick connect/disconnect wiring .
 This is not my first Battery Tender nor shall it be my last.Not because they break , cut I keep buying more motorcycles.I 've had one of my Battery Tenders for 5 years and it has never let me down.For long term storage or for when it 's cold , this Battery Tender will keep your batteries fresh!Also , a Battery Tender will keep your batteries from dying ... I would not buy any other brand !
 I have used this for years on my motorcycle battery . The adapters are included , so I leave it hooked up to my battery and run the wire under the seat . When I 'm ready to hook it up , all i have to do is plug it in . This one i bought for my mother to use when her car sits idle for a few months every year while she travels .
 I have a habit of not using my toys enough to keep the charge in the batterys up . Battery tender includes a quickconnect attatchment that you leave on , thus making it more convienent to keep things charged.I would definitley recomend this product .
 I had previously purchased another brand of battery maintainer that did not last . I returned it and was given another one , same make . I was told if the second one did n't last , it would not be returned . With Battery Tender and their 10 year warranty , I do n't worry . It works flawlessly . I already have one and have had it for several years . I 've had no problems with it at all and needed a new one as a gift . I knew what I was going to buy !
 I use this to maintain a strong battery charge on a vehicle that rarely gets driven over the winter . I opted to use the fast connector leads so I did not have to fret regarding propping the hood up to clear the red and black clamps on the battery terminals . I just wish it was a little more portable like theNOCO Genius G3500 6-Volt and 12-Volt Automatic Multi-Purpose Battery Charger and Maintainer -LRB- Grey , 3.5 A -RRB- because I do like the quality of both chargers .
 My husband really likes his battery tender . Easy to use . . just what he was looking for and at a good price .
 It does everything that it is suppose to do . I put it on my Harley and forgot about it . Take it off , hit the start button and it starts . I have 3 of these , put one on my classic camaro , which sits alot . turn the key it starts , took it off and the battery is still up and running fine 4 months later . Great unit .
 The battery tender worked as described , and was able to keep my motorcycle battery at its peak performance without worrying of over charge . Great product .
 I chose a 5 star rating because my previously under performing battery has died on me several times with minimal usage . Now that I have it connected to the tender , I have n't had a single issue with my battery . Very happy to have purchased the tender .
 We have a low-use car that would be a non-starter every couple months . At first we thought there was an issue with the battery and then the car and finally decided it was an issue with lack of sustained driving . The Battery Tender Plus was easy to install and appears to be keeping the battery ready for use all the time . I appreciate that it can remain attached to the battery with only the connector showing through the grill . We now just detach , go , return , reattach with ease . The indicators show that it is recharging and when it is at full charge . At full charge it turns off so you never have to worry about an overcharge . Modern cars often are active for 15-20 minutes after turning off the vehicle and if you drive the car regularly and long enough to charge the engine , it is never an issue . For low-use vehicles it is a big issue as we found . We spent quite a bit until realizing how to solve the problem in an economical way . No mechanic suggested an item like Battery Tender . Live and learn I guess . I appreciated the other reviews which helped me decide on this version of the Battery Tender . I look forward to no issues during the coming winter months .
 This I my second one and I will gt another if I need one . My fist was lasted 8 years . Got another car that sits a lot and the first thing I got was one of these again .
 Nice battery charger . Does not over charge . Nothing more to say , this is a great charger . Good quality.The price is higher than most but worth every penny .
 Works great keeping the battery on my Corvette charged and ready for use . In the past , I have killed batteries or have had to jump start the car because the car is used so infrequently . The only complaint is that I wanted to use the additional adapter that came with the unit to attach permanantly to the battery so as not to use the aligator clips . That way I could raise the hood and just plug the unit in but the terminal ends on the cord do n't seem designed to be used with side terminal batteries .
 Battery Tender Plus works great at charging and maintaining car batteries.Controls are clear and easy to use.Vendor pricing was excellent .
 The product arrived on time and in good shape . I ' v only used it for about a month but works great .
 This is only my second Battery Tender . I replaced it because I let my first one go with the sale of a bike . I have been using Battery Tender for 7 years now without fail , and if I had n't let it go , I do n't see that I would have needed to replace it for a very very long time .
 my bike came prewired for a battery tender , so finally broke down and ordered this model -LRB- 021-0128 -RRB- . so now when she gets parked i just plug her in and have no worries about a charge being there if she sets a while.quick delivery -LRB- amazon always is -RRB- and less expensive than a dealer purchased item.cause you know HD stands for hundred dollars ... Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger
 Great product , great price . Exact product as seen in auto parts store priced at $ 65.00 . It shipped the same day and receiced in two days -LRB- free -RRB- .
 I purchased the Battery Tender Plus for my vintage Mustang that sits in the garage over the winter months . I use to have my battery run down and have to replace them much earlier than I would like over the years . The Battery Tender keeps everything charged up and ready for any nice weekend or evening prior to the car show season . Great product . One thing I did do was purchase the 25 ' extension cord so that I can put the Tender on my bench and run the cables anywhere I need to for access to my vehicles . Great product . Worth the price . Amazon has great shipping times as well .
 My wife 's van sits for a week or two at a time , which can be rough during cold Idaho winters . After fumbling with jumper cables a time or two , I decided to try the Battery Tender . Car has started instantly every time since . Great product .
 Now it did take a while to completely charge it , but it did the job ! I recommend it for any 12V charging purpose . Keep in mind it `` tends '' batteries , so it wo n't over charge your battery . Definitely a worthwhile investment !
 One of the things about having this device is it 's great for maintenance on so many other 12V batteries besides my car and has no trouble with any of them . I would recommend this device to anyone that has a 12V battery installed in a scooter or razor bike as it seems to do better than the stock chargers they come with .
 With 574 people giving this a 5 star rating , there is little I can say that someone else has not.My situation was I own aVector 2/10/25 Amp Charger with 75 Amp Engine Start , Model # VEC1095Awhich as you can see by the ratings is charger that folks have problems with on occasion . It gets worse as you look atBlack & Decker VEC1093DBD Smart Battery 40/20/10 / 4 Amp Battery Chargeryou quickly realize that Black & Decker is a Vector charger . As a matter of fact B&D ; bought Vector in 2006 . The main complaint is when a battery gets too low , these Vector/B & D ; chargers refuse to charge the batteries.So faced with owning one charger that works well sometimes , but not for VERY drained batteries , I needed a solution . The Battery Tender Plus was a good choice . I convinced myself that if this did work , I could use two chargers or send it back if it did not.The result was this charger has charged three batteries that the Vector could not bring back from the dead . As I was in a hurry , once I got one battery charged up for a few hours , I was able to transfer that battery to the Vector to finish charging while using the Battery Tender Plus on the second battery.In short , when my Vector charger says a battery ca n't be charged , the Battery Tender Plus can charge it . I would have been out of the cost of three new batteries without this charger .
 I had issues with my ATV loosing a charge after sitting for a month at a time . I brought it to the dealer who recommended a new battery ... well after I purchased that , the wheeler continued to loose a charge after sitting for a long period of time . I knew that something must have been drawing some energy but I did n't have the time or the funds to be dumping into such a project.So I bought this Battery Tender and my ATV has aways had a complete charge when I need to plow or do work around the yard . I was curious of how much wattage it used while on , and after hooking it to a wattage meter I found it only used 10 watts , -LRB- that 's less then most efficiency light bulbs -RRB- ! I 've been so impressed in this little trickle charger in the past few months that I 've come back to order two more , one for my lawn tractor and another for my father 's birthday present.Thanks
 I have this installed for over one year now on my car . It is indoors in my garage and I do not have any issues . I read the previous reviews before purchase and have not been disappointed .
 This Charger is exactly what I hoped it would be . I especially like the harness that can be left connected to the battery , very nice touch ! Once the harness is connected to the battery , connecting or disconnecting the charger only takes a second , regardless of where the battery is located . No more having to dig out the jumper cables for my RZR 800 in winter after a couple weeks of not using it . I 've only had this charger for about eight weeks , but so far it 's perfect !
 This item was listed as brand new and that 's how it came . The product is an very efficient charger . I am very pleased with the charger .
 Over the past 10 or 15 years we 've tried All Kinds of battery -LRB- Keep It Charged To It 's Fullest -RRB- devices.There is no need to mention the other 4 or 5 chargers that we 've purchased but ... There IS a need to mention the Battery Tender Charger . This little thing works perfectly ! I 've had one connected to a Mighty Mule gate opener for years and years now and the battery remains Fully Charged without Overcharging!So I 'm ordering a couple more to keep the battery in my old truck -LRB- which I do n't run often -RRB- and my tractor -LRB- that does n't work much in the winter -RRB- . Believe me when I tell you that I 've tried ALL KINDS of battery charger/maintainers in the past and NONE of them work as well as the little Battery Tender.Fantastic Product !
 Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery ChargerWith so many new cars , these days , there is continual battery drain , even sitting idle in the garage . So much so , it 's become necessary to recharge the battery about once a month . The best way is with a ` battery tender ' that recharges slowly , overnight , and then switches to standby , once recharged . I purchased the above ` Battery Tender Plus ' , from Amazon . Com . a couple of months ago - and have used it several times on both cars . To date , it works well , and will complete it 's function in about an eight hour timespan . Great for ` topping off ' a battery - without fear of damaging the battery .
 I 've been using this Battery Tender for many years , has never let me down . Recently I ordered a similar product from another company to connect to my Vette which basically hibernates all winter . It basically fragged itself within a year . I went out to the garage and it was off . Picked it up and it sounded like a box of rocks ... it also blew the 7 amp fuse in my battery connector . Needless to say it went straight in the trash and here I am ordering another BT to replace the trash product I tried out . It plain works , and my original has been bullet proof all these years of me dragging it around the garage connecting it to bikes and cars . You ca n't go wrong .
 I HAVE 3 MOTORCYCLES AND SOMETIMES I DO NOT GET TO RIDE THEM FOR A WEEK OR 2 . BUT WITH THE BATTERY TENDER I HOOK IT UP TO ONE MOTORCYCLE AT A TIME FOR A DAY OUT OF THE WEEK FOR EACH MOTORCYCLE , AND IT IS JUST LIKE TAKING THE MOTORYCLE FOR A RIDE.I CAN ALWAYS RELY ON THE BATTERY TENDER TO KEEP MY BATTERIES MAINTAINED.EXCELLENT PRODUCT . 5 STARS FOR SURE !!!!!
 I am a amateur radio operator and I have many 12v batteries around the house and I have a few larger battery chargers around also . What I needed was a battery maintainer to keep the batteries up after being charged . I had bought another brand and it did n't hold up very well so I bought the Battery Tender plus . The first week I had it , it stayed hot on my various batteries . I found I had some batteries that it could n't charge because of low internal resistance . The Battery Tender plus would never go into float/maintenance mode . In fact these batteries would get warm to the touch so I know not to use it on them . Nothing wrong with the Battery Tender plus , it did what is is designed to do . So now I rotate the Battery Tender plus around to most of my batteries and they stay fully charged , ready for any emergency I may need to respond to .
 I 've tried a few other battery chargers/maintainers and this one is by far the best of the lot . I use mine with the optional cigarette lighter adapter and it works like a charm . My car 's battery was completely dead and this baby brought it back to life in less than 24 hours . Now I just plug it in and leave it with no concerns about overcharging or damage to the battery . Great product .
 I bought this to keep the battery on my pop up trailer charged . My battery was pretty wellcharged the first time I used it and was totally charged in less than a day . I inadvertently leftthe fridge on battery mode , and when I noticed it after getting home from a 3 day campingtrip , it was completely drained . Even the little warning light inside which takes verylittle power was out . I was afraid the battery tender may not be up to the task , but I pluggedin in anyway , and lo and behold , it was completely charged in 4 days . I am very happy withthis investment . It is light and very portable and highly recommend .
 I operate a professional Home Watch Service and Private Home Management group -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and use these chargers for all my clients vehicles while they are gone for months at a time . They have proven themselves every time . Excellent investment . Mark , theHomeWatchGuy , author of `` Leaving Your Home-ALONE ''
 The Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger was delivered promptly and functioned as advertised . While installing the charger leads -LRB- in the dark -RRB- on to my Motorcycle battery , I connected them wrong -LRB- reversed -RRB- . The charger detected the connections were improper and flashed an error code . I switched the leads and charged my battery . The small MC battery took 6 hours to reach full charge .
 product was as described , did as described and is the best thing for my car that sits alot
 I wish I would have purchased this years ago , I usually have a second car and/or motorcycle that I only drive when there is no salt and snow on the roads . I have always had to hookup/unhook a battery charger a couple of times a month in storage on each vehicle and I still had batteries die too early because I was not attentive enough . With this product you can set it and -LRB- almost -RRB- forget it -LRB- and you do n't need to disconnect the battery from the vehicle -RRB- . I can see the indicator lights every time I go out to the garage for any reason and they remind me to do a simple check for heat build up in the battery every few days . Excellent product , I am buying another one . Also , do n't think that because a car is new the battery is fully charged , my new Miata 's battery needed 2-1/2 days to fully charge up on this device .
 Great product ... hooked up to my C6 Corvette which has been put to sleep for the Winter here in NJ . Very easy installation & piece of mind that I wo n't have to worry about a dead battery come Spring .
 Purchased this for a car that is only driven a couple of times a month . The battery charger is compact and works as advertised . However , when charging a car battery that is still connected to the car , you may have to try 3 or 4 locations to get the right ground spot to attach the negative terminal clamp to the engine compartment . Otherwise the red indicator lights will flash and wo n't charge the battery .
 The battery tender is a great investment . I have 2 , one on my sump pump battery and the other in the garage on the summer car . They are well built -LRB- steel cabinet -RRB- and quickly charge the battery and keep it there . The two LEDs tell the status quickly . I bought a off-brand model and it could not get the sump battery fully charged . The Battery Tender did it in less than 1.5 days . I should have bought one for the Vette years ago as I used to replace batteries every 2 years . I also got the extension for the charge cables . Nice little addition so that I can keep the unit on the shelf and not in the vehicle .
 I had no clue what I was ordering , other than a battery tender was on my husband and son-in-law 's Christmas wish list . Both stressed , not a battery charger , which I did know what that was . Anyway , this battery tender is exactly what they wanted and now my husband is saying he needs a couple more for the boat and Jeep .
 Love this battery tender , living in Florida and riding al year this keeps my bike battery charged and ready to go . I upgraded from the battery tender jr. . I got 5 years out of my OEM battery and thats great for Florida . I owe that to my battery tender . Every biker should have one .
 This product works really well . I am very happy with it . It is easy to install , it took less then 10 mins . to install .
 The item arrived promptly , and plugged it up to an RV battery on our back porch . It 's been subjected to freezing temperatures in the teens , and still the green light indicates the battery is in good shape and fully charged . It may be premature to give it a thumbs-up ... the real proof will be if that battery is in good shape in the spring ... but so far , so good .
 What a wonderful device ! I used the pigtail conn , so its a quick release to the trunk where my battery is located . Just as the doc cited , the LEDs cycled normally all the way to solid green and a 13.5 + v battery . The car its used for sits alot and after 3 weeks or so , sometimes you could see the drain in that the windows forgot their positions and the airbag warning stays on . With a properly charged battery , this does not happen . Very satisfied with this small box so far .
 The battery Tender is just what I needed to keep my second vehicle ready to run when I needed it . Sure glad I saw your TV ad . IMO
 This battery was installed in my car because I do n't drive it very much and we want to make sure the car battery does not die . This is a useful product and was easy to install by a car mechanic .
 I left my lights on overnight and my car would not stop . I had a docter 's appointement late afternoon but I still had time to charge my battery . I started charging it and 6 hours later when I needed it , it started so it paid for itself the first time I needed it .
 Bought this for use w / my ATV . It can be a couple weeks/months between uses for my ATV and it was getting to be common place that whenever I would go to start it up I 'd hear nothing but that familiar click w / no response.Because of the infrequencies of its use , I researched trickle chargers and this was one of the top hits . A trickle charger w / a processor to regulate the battery w/out harm . This charger has performed above expectations . Not only does it perfom just as it states it will but the addition of the quick-connect attachments w/in the cords is beyond convenient . I 've perminently attached the eyelet attachment to my ATV battery and can quickly connect the battery to the charger via the quick-connect connections . The unit also comes with your everyday terminal clamps in a quick-connect format . Which makes it easy to quickly swap back and forth from charging my ATV to charging my lawn mower.This review may be slightly user specific but it 's performed way above any prior charger I 've owned , is a 1/4 of the size of typical chargers & has the plug-and-forget advantage.As for value
 Small and compact works like described . Would recommend this to a friend.Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger
 I purchased my Battery Tender Plus primarily because I bought a new motorcycle and I wanted a reliable way to keep the battery on it maintained . The Battery Tender Plus does an excellent job . Unlike my old trickle charger , you can plug-in the Battery Tender and not have to worry about the battery boiling dry . This particular model is compact and comes with a quick disconnect pigtail and a set of aligator clip cables which is real handy when you have a motorcycle and a riding lawnmower -LRB- the other thing at my hourse that likes to eat batteries -RRB- . The compact size makes the unit very easy to store or to carry with you and the long cords give plenty of reach to that one outlet in the garage behind the freezer . Do n't let the size fool you either - the Battery Tender Plus can charge car batteries just as well as it does smaller ones . For me , the Battery Tender Plus was the perfect solution and it really does work as advertised . It also comes with a ten-year warranty which is pretty stout these days .
 I was a bit apprehensive buying the Battery Tender , after reading some of the more negative reviews . My experience was complete positive . Here are a few of my thoughts : - This machine is programmed to `` understand '' how lead-acid batteries work , and as such , it will work aggressively on troubled batteries and can possibly restore them to health . - It 'll give them a long hard charge if they are discharged , and this will cause the Battery Tender to get quite warm and the battery to outgas - i.e. bubble - quite a bit . Make sure you 've followed instructions and topped up battery fluid with distilled water before charging . - The green light will then start flashing and it will start a slow ramp-down of charging , which can also take a while . - Then the red light goes off and the green light stay on and the ramp-down continues , until the Battery Tender is no longer hot or even very warm . This will keep the battery a peak charge indefinitely . - Note that if power is interrupted to the Battery Tender , the process will start all over , and it can take quite some time to get back to steady-state , but not nearly as long as with a discharged battery . If you have poor AC power , this unit may not work well for you . - Of course , the unit is made in China , as virtually all electronics are today . Business economics have dictated this , unless we can find skilled worked here that work for $ 5 an hour ... - I also go the 25-foot extension cord and the cigarette lighter plug , both of which increase the utility a lot .
 This item works exactly as expected . I work from home now and my car is not driven daily . My car did n't start one cold day and I had to have it jumped . The battery was n't very old and it only happened once , but I did n't want it to happen again , so I purchased this item . This item kept my battery charged throughout the winter so that it started up whenever I needed it to without any further problems . Do n't need it during the warm weather months , but will continue to use it religiously during the cold , Chicago winters .
 The battery tender is easily connected -LRB- especially if you purchase the plug-in adapter -RRB- . This is true only if your 12 volt receptacle in the vehicle -LRB- that used to be called a cigar lighter -RRB- is hot when the vehicle is not running . You can judge that by observing if your mobile phone charges without the ignition being on . The tender charged the battery up to the proper level , then auto-switched to a trickle charge mode . The status lights are easily interpreted . Altogether , it does what it promises at a modest cost .
 The 1.25 amp tender came fast , was easy to use and does the job that so many reviewers said it would . If you have one of the newer cars with electronic everything this unit is cheap insurance that all that gadgetry will work every day .
 This is Battery Tender 's `` smart '' charger which can be used with the new AGM battery technology - which is exactly why I bought it . It works great and my seasonal sports car -LRB- allergic to ice and snow -RRB- will require fewer batteries now . This is the best product of its type on the market .
 This battery tender works great . I have one for each of my bikes . Price here at Amazon was the best .
 I like the idea that it monitors the conditions to perform the charging activity.The only issue I have is why the connection cable to the bike/car is so short . I have a tender `` junior '' that plugs directly in to an outlet and the cord to connect it is upwards of 12-15 ' long.I am going to have to spend additional $ $ to obtain an extension so that this charger does not have to sit on the floor by the bike under foot :-LRB- -LRB-
 I have had about 4 of these chargers . I use them to keep my motorcycle battery on the ready . I hook the pig tail directly to my battery for a permanent installation . It has a rubber cap that covers the connector to keep the dirt and water out of the connector . When I finish riding I plug the charger in . It keeps the battery fresh without over charging .
 Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery ChargerI bought this Battery Tender to keep the battery in my 52 Chevy fresh and topped off over the winter . But the battery in my pick-up started to falter a little and I would put this baby on my pick-up when I got home from work and I would take it off in the morning and it kept my truck battery charged until I had time the next weekend to replace it .
 I 've been using one of these on my motorcycle for about 10 years now . I recommend them to everyone I talk to that stores any kind of vehicle for extended time periods , such as motorcycles , cars , airplanes , etc.My motorcycle is typically stored for 6 or 7 months and in the time I have been using this charger I have only had to replace the battery once -LRB- and it was about 10 years old at the time -RRB- . I firmly believe this will extend the life of your vehicle battery and I have never had any kind of problem with this charger.I am now buying a second one for a new riding mower .
 We have a total of 4 now . Just bought 2 more based on first 2 's performance . Excellent and saves lots of work.Use the on bikes , boat and camper . LOVE THEM !
 Pretty straight forward , safety features , multi stage , I have four Battery Tender chargers and they all do a great job keeping my AGM/SLE batteries in great shape !
 This is the third battery tender I have purchased and I have no complaints . I would highly recommend to anyone with a vehicle that is not driven on a regular basis . Great for motorcycles , too !
 Great Item and service . Will order from this vendor again . Future customers should highly consider this item and vendor . Thanks !
 It costs more than other chargers , but it offers a much more intelligent charge profile . I replaced a cheaper unit that I was using to hold a charge on a battery for an emergency generator . The generator is stored in an unheated out building , so the the charge maintenance on this is critical . Just read the features to see why I chose this unit .
 Bought three of them -- One for our sports car , and 2 more for our ATV 's . Plugged them in -- battery charged and then its on maintenance . Last year the battery died on our sports car so this year I am prepared . Great product .
 I 'm a big fan of this little quality machine . I bought it because I own a classic muscle car , but since I 'm in an apartment , I have no garage ! No worries , my car is safe under the carport , but I do n't always get to drive it . My battery loses it 's spunk between the alarm being armed and a mystery drain that 's never been found . On occasion over the years , I 've had to take my battery down to a store to have it charged . What a pain ! So I invested in this little wonder . I love it . Drag the battery inside for the day , set it up on the Battery Tender , and I do n't have to worry about it anymore . It 's very small too , so I barely notice it even in my tight quarters .
 Saving money on expensive atv , car , riding lawn mower , and tractor batteries that discharge and are ruined in the off season is my goal . Battery Tender is the best and only choice because it allows a maintenace charge and lets you know the condition of the battery with it 's coded light system . It has never let me down and with battery prices for my veicles from $ 70 . to $ 140 . dollars it is a dependable alternative to early replacement and unwanted downtime . I own eight Battery Tender Plus chargers and I have eliminated problems with jumping/replacing expensive batteries on top of wasted time when you find you need to replace a battery that has gone bad over the winter months . After using a regular charger and being too busy to remove it in time -LRB- ruining the battery -RRB- one Battery Tender charger is half the price of a replacement . I have used them for over a decade and continue to buy them for any battery that does not get used frequently saving alot of money and frustration , plus knowing my veicles are always ready when I am .
 My first experience with Deltran 's Battery Tender was back in the early 90 's when I installed the quick disconnect cable -LRB- included -RRB- on my new 1992 Yamaha FJ 1200 motorcycle . Back in those days battery life for seasonally used motorcycles was n't more the three maybe four years at best . I left the Battery Tender plugged in and connected to the cycles battery year round and as a result I got seven years out of the original battery and I only replaced it purely out of guilt . I probably could have gotten a couple of more years out of the OEM battery but felt it had served me well and was long past replacement time . Since then I have installed Deltran 's Battery Tender 's my 1966 Thunderbird , and two other motorcycles and have enjoyed the freedom from worrying about my battery 's state of charge . Battery Tender is the way to go , hook it up , plug it in and forget it . Well worth the price . 5 STARS all day , every day .
 I bought this to keep my harley charged when not riding during the winter and it works great for that and more . Recently while I was working on my car I had left the door open for several days in the garage and killed the battery . Hooked up the battery clip attachment and charged my car battery overnight and car started right away the next morning . Would buy this again if it broke .
 The item was exactly what was needed to revive my battery in my motorcycle and garden tractor . It came with leads I could leave on my bike , which is a huge advantage , since I have to disassemble body panels to access the battery terminals . It also came with spring clips that most chargers have . I would recommend this to all charger to all bike users .
 It was delivered on time and as promised . I am using it on my 99 Porsche which just sits in the garage 6 months out of the year . The tender starting by charging the battery then switched over to tend mode . I like the quick connect feature that I leave attached to the battery all the time . Great product .
 Small , easy to use charger for cars , etc which sit unused for long periods of time . Keeps your battery in top charge
 This is a must for anyone who has a vehicle to store for the winter . This is the second one I 've bought as I now have two cars to store over the winter . Best price I 've ever seen was from Amazon and it had free shipping . You would n't be dissapointed with this purchase
 Do not go cheap on a battery tender - I am a firm believer in `` You get what you pay for , '' and this is no exception . Just reading the amount of reviews for this battery tender was enough to make me choose it , and I was NOT disappointed . Nice , metal case , and you can just tell that this thing is of quality construction . The information provided by Amazon is enough to answer any questions you may have , so I will not bother - just know that you will not go wrong with this product . I use it for my cars , as well as my deep cycle marine battery . Superb piece of equipment !
 I purchased the Battery Tender Plus to maintain the batteries in my RV during the Winter season . It works very well for this purpose but it should be noted that the batteries should be fully -LRB- or nearly fully -RRB- charged before using this smart charger . I alternate the charger between the house batteries and the chassis battery but will probably purchase a second unit so I do n't have to switch it back and forth . This is a better choice -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- than the Battery Tender Junior -LRB- which I also have -RRB- as its charging output is a little greater . Very satisfied .
 This is the second one I 've purchased . I bought my first one about 4 years ago . Since then my father has pretty much taken ownership of it to keep his boat battery charged in winter.Last spring my motorcycle battery was dead once again from not getting the same treatment . Rather than take mine back from my pop I opted to buy another one for myself.I 'm happy to say after a bit of charging my motorcycle battery is in Storage mode . I shouldnt need to drop another $ 80 + for a battery this spring!Jim
 I 've used one of these for years , as I do n't drive one of my cars enough to keep the battery charged . I bought one this time for my sister , who has been trying not to drive their minivan because of gas prices . This unit is great . You can leave it connected 24/7 if you want , as it will turn itself off when the battery is fully charged , then monitor the level and turn back on when the battery voltage has dropped below the setpoint . It is great for vehicles that are n't driven all the time , since today 's vehicles used electricity just sitting in the garage -LRB- alarm status lights , self-checks , etc. -RRB- .
 I am so happy with the merchandise !! It arrived quickly in time for Christmas , and I ca n't wait for my husband to get it ... thank you . .
 this is my 4th battery tender . i collect motorcycles -LRB- 4 -RRB- all are ready to ride and kept that way.the battery tender keeps the batteries fresh and fully charged , also a great storage charger for your garden tractor , snowmobile , etc. or any seasonal piece of equipment that needs a battery to operate
 I credit this battery charger for the longevity of my batteries . I have used Deltran for my last 3 motorcycles and never had a problem starting . Hook it up and forget it , its that simple .
 This is my second Battery Tender Purchase . I 've had the first one for 2 years and it still works like a champ . This is a great product as I have two corvettes and a lawn tractor . I use the battery tender between seasons on the lawn tractor to keep it 's battery fresh and ready for use . Same with my corvettes , as I use one for winter and one for summer . That 's why I purchased the second unit . The battery Tender is a great product , all you do is hook it up and it works every time ! What more could you ask for in a product ?
 I use this on my ATV and it works perfectly . I really like the quick disconnect feature . I made one up on another battery charge maintainer but the Battery Tender came with one.Completely satisfied .
 I bought this for my motorcycle on the recommendation of a couple of friends . It has worked wonderfully so far , keeping my battery fully charged on trickle mode and charging it up from almost nothing in the first place .
 This is the second Deltran Battery Tender Plus I have purchased . The first one keeps my Corvette battery in top condition through the harsh Michigan winter . The second one is now installed on my Generac 10Kw standby generator , which sits out in the cold . The generator came with a cheesy trickle charger , which I ripped out and replaced with the Battery Tender Plus . I have lots of personal experience with ordinary trickle chargers ruining expensive lead acid batteries . The Battery Tender Plus does a terrific job .
 I bought this to help with a car battery that sat in a vehicle that was rarely used last summer . The battery was slowly drained by a car alarm that did n't care if it killed the vehicle by flashing it 's little red light forever.I took the battery out and hooked it up to this charger in my basement . It took a bit to get the contacts to sit right against the side terminals , but once that was done , I let it sit all night and the battery ended up charged.It does take a bit of time depending on how dead your battery is , and my battery was too dead to even run the lights of the car . Since charging it and driving around once or twice a week , the battery is fine , even now that it 's fairly cold . I could n't test the effectiveness of the plug for the car 's lighter , as I had to physically remove the battery from the car , because as soon as it tried charging , the alarm tried draining it .
 I originally bought the Battery Tender Plus in November 2009 for over-wintering my motorcycle battery . Here in Michigan you 're lucky to get 5 decent months of riding . I now alternate it every three weeks between batteries in the motorcycle , a riding lawnmower and a second automobile . It now never takes more than an hour or so to top-off any of the batteries . It definitely outperforms the other battery chargers I used in the past !
 Old one finally died after 20 years so I had to get a new one . Have put these on my motorcycles and sports cars over the winter for a long time and find them indispensible . I expect this one will last a long time too . I highly recommend it if you need to store a vehicle over a long period or winter .
 Very easy installation . Works as advertised ; plug and play . The charge cord that attaches to the battery could be a little longer so that it could be easily routed thru the grill , rather than raising the hood to connect the charger . There may be a longer accessory cord , but it has n't been enough of a hassle for me to look .
 The Battery Tender Plus , Is One Fantastic Item . I Have 6 Of Them On MyCollector Cars . Your Vehicle Will Always Have A Fully Charged Battery , And Be Ready To Start Up . Before I Used The Battery Tender Plus It WasA Real Fire Drill To Get My Cars Going Every Spring . Now I Even Have OneOn My Garden Tractor . If You Store Any Vehicle , This Is The Unit To Get.High Quality Product , That Has A 10 Year Warranty .
 Using this on a 2004 Corvette that is used as a secondary car . Works great , keeps the battery topped off when not being used . It was extremely easy to install - simply bolt the quick disconnect wiring to the battery posts , plug in the charger and connect the charger quick-connect end to the battery quick-disconnect cable and you 're set !
 Does it really work as says ? Absolutely so ! The weather changed drastically for a period of approx 12 days -LRB- broke Alabama records -RRB- where the nights were in the low teens and days below 32 degress . Because I use my truck randomly -LRB- usually once but maybe twice a week -RRB- I placed the Battery Tender Plus on my truck during such hard freezing temperature . NOT ONCE did the truck battery drag or fail . I am very pleased . It is worth it , I would purchase again if needed .
 WORKS GREAT , I HAVE A CORVETTE THAT NEEDS A SLOW CHARGE FOR THE WINTER . WITH SAFETY BUILT INTO THE CHARGER . THE TENDER PLUS HAS ALL OF THE THINGS YOU WILL NEED IN A CHARGER . AMAZON DOES N'T PACKAGE THEIR ITEMS VERY GOOD .
 Not sure what else to say other then it works in charging and keeping my batteries charged . I chose this one over the jr. as I 've got two deep cycle batteries -LRB- group 24 , 85ah -RRB- that I put in parallel and so need them charged faster .
 I have used Battery Tenders for several years -LRB- most of mine are labeled INTERTATE BATTERY -RRB- and never lt down , In freezing winter I leave a preconnected unit on my wife 's Jaguar with the battery in the trunk , it fires up like a summer day . I also have a 1972 Cadillac -LRB- with 9200 original miles -RRB- stored in a garage without electric power , I have a power inverter in between a marine deep cycle battery and the tender , I hook the 1972 battery up and turn on the inverter for 24 hours every few weeks , when the marine battery gets low I bring it home for a fresh charge . I have 3 Harley D 's with Interstates best -LRB- YUASA -RRB- batteries , when they are not running they are connected to a tender , I have not changed batteries in my bikes in less than 5 year cycles , not to many Harley owners get more than a year or so.NB : Bike owners would be wise to purchase their batteries new `` in the box '' , do n't use GEL types , use the flooded type and add the acid yourself following the manufacturer instruction . It is very important to set a 100 % deep charge before using the battery , using the Battery Tender , leave it connected for several days if you can . We non-engineer riders think that if the battery turns the engine over it has performed as designed , if the bike is hard starting it must be a fuel delivery system problem . PAY ATTENTION , the battery has to smartly spin the engine over AND ALSO fire the ignition system , the spark plugs need a PROPERLY CHARGED AND CONNECTED battery and it will start a Harley normally with no other adjustments needed !
 The Battery Tender is a great little system ! I have a 1956 Lincoln Premiere and I would have to buy a new battery for it every year , even when I would take the contacts off . But now I can leave the contacts on and never have to worry about it starting right up ! I love it ! I would recommend it for anyone !
 Smart charger and several cables included to connect to multiple batteries -LRB- one at a time -RRB- . My ATV battery was relatively new , but still was down on charge . I now keep it connected to the Battery Tender and it is always fully charged when I 'm ready to ride .
 ` Took a few days to recharge an optima red top ... but the slow charge is less damaging than a quick charge , so I 'm happy . Nice features like 4 stage charging , auto shut-off so it ca n't over charge , and the no spark feature is neat . It 's just what i was looking for .
 I 've had one for years on my Harley FatBoy . I got 7 years out of the HD battery cus this thing is always on the bike when the bike is parked in the garage , a fantastic product , low cost top quality . It keeps the battery in perfect shape , always . It does everything claimed by the mfg. I have even used it in an emergency once for my car battery , where I left something on inside the car all week without realizing , battery was dead , rather then jump and possible cause a problem in the newer cars with damaging all the electronics in the car I put the Deltran on for a couple of hours and it brought the battery back to life to start the car . This tiny thing charged up an Audi A6 battery which is enormous , and it paid for itelf over time by keeping my HD batttery good for 7 years !!! And bike batterys sit around unused a lot more than a car does . Fantastic product , it is teh best out there too , other brand chargers have issues , these do n't . Perfect
 Great product , keeps my motorcycle battery charged when it is collecting dust . Quick plugin accessory is nice .
 1994 Toyota 4 Runner . Yes , we ought to drive it each week , but ... Anyway , you hook this up , plug in it , and the battery charges . Really.Way worth it .
 Best thing I 've purchased for my Yamaha TW !!! No more dead battery . No worries whenever I decide to ride my bike .
 Keeps the battery on my Corvette charged so I do n't have to jump it after long periods of inactivity
 This charger did exactly what it was supposed to do ; keep my extra 12v charged and ready . After sitting for more than a year , the Battery Tender Plus charged it up in just a few hours . The indicator lights told me it was charging and when fully charged . I had a question for customer support which was answered overnight . Highly recommended .
 I have the battery Junior on my DRZ400 . I decided to get the Battery Tender Plus for my VTX . All in all both are great products . Easy to install . Why would I want to get any other brand ? I would n't !
 This is a great product . Your battery will always be fully charged and ready to go . Also you wo n't have to buy a new battery every spring after the cold winter temperatures and lack of use zap it . It really pays for itself .
 These are the best products for insuring your sometimes-used batteries do n't go dead from lead plate sulfation . When this happens , your battery will no longer hold a charge , nor can it be charged with a charger . Computer controlled , they are completely foolproof . I 've been using them for years as I have collector cars that are driven infrequently . Additionally , when you are not using using your riding mower , the batteries sometimes go dead from inactivity . Battery Tenders prevent this from happening.I have no financial interest in this company , etc. , just a satisfied customer .
 As of this post ... Highest Price
 This is the third Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender Plus 12-Volt 1.25 AMP battery charger that I have bought . Great product . Love the electronics that ensure no overcharging .
 I have four of these for my classic car collection . Highly recommended , easy to use . Great for your battery and piece of mind .
 A good reliable product . I have several of them in service with no problems .
 Have used it to charge my Beemer . Good unit , I believe the OEM BMW unit is also a rebranded Deltran . I fried the first one by plugging it into a 220V outlet and bought a second one with no hesitation .
 I have owned a Deltran BT Plus for over 12 yrs now for my motorcycles . I keep the bike plugged in 24/7 to maintain the battery at peak level . I use the quick connect and have always connected it to the battery permanently . I will say all my batteries have lasted 5-6 years , which I eventually changed them out of guilt ... never lost a battery ! This unit has been used on my past 3 bikes and now is on the new # 4 . Fantastic accessory for any vehicle .
 Simply stated , the product does what it says , and is the mainstay of the car collector circle .
 This Deltran battery charger is compact and very easy to set-up . I am using it to monitor and maintain the battery from my RV . Highly recommended !
 If you need an excellent charger and battery conditioner for your riding lawn mower , this is it ! Plus it 's incredibly priced !
 I have a '01 Yamaha FZ1 with a 10 year old Battery Tender attached to it for at least 6 months of the year . The Yamaha/Yuasa sealed battery is still the original factory unit , to my dismay -LRB- I grew up with wet 6V Yuasas on the 70 's -RRB- . Battery is going on 10 years but starts strong and holds charge without a problem ... it is hard to believe.This would NEVER occur before I started using this thing - any bike would have a weak battery within 4-5 years of installation if the bike saw no action for a good part of the year.I also have a Ford Powerstroke Diesel truck -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- with its two batteries that sees very little use during winter and sits outside and exposed . I have a Battery Tender attached to it and the truck starts strong . This was not the case before I replaced the batteries and installed a second Battery Tender for it.Last but not lease if you go to any BMW dealer you will see BMW re-badges Battery Tenders and sells them as a BMW accessory to help keep their electronic-heavy models from dying in the garage when they are not used often enough ...
 I recently bought my first motorcycle . I did n't know how bad cold weather effects a battery , until it dropped in the 40 's and my bike 's battery seeemed to always be low on juice . I read all the reviews of other brands , this one had all the best reviews . I bought the Plus instead of the Junior because it charges quicker . It 's simple to use and understand . It 's recommended to charge your battery once a month , but I do it every two weeks and my battery runs fine and I do n't have to worry about it anymore . Only problem I see is that there is no instructions on how to hook up the quick charge cables ; I do n't know if I can use them on my bike , if I could it would make it even more convenient .
 I bought my first Battery Tender for a BMW M3 that I drive infrequently because of travel . The car uses a lot of power even when turned off and idle . After having to replace a dead battery my dealer suggested that I purchase a charger to keep my battery in good shape . I believe BMW sells this unit under their logo , but I bought it from Amazon for much less $ $ $ . Problem solved ! Even after a one month long business trip my car started immediately . Seeing that green light on the Battery Tender gives me peace of mind that my car will start when I need it and my battery will stay in good shape.When my wife 's Honda S2000 would not start after sitting in the garage for a few months , I thought I would try my Battery Tender before calling AAA . After an overnight charge the car started right up . After an additional 24 hours the green light was constant telling me the battery charger was in maintenance mode . My wife asked me to buy one for her.One Note
 All I can say is that it works great and I love the adapter that allows you to charge your battery without opening the hood each time . I use this on my 67 Caddy which I do n't get to drive at all 6 months out of the year .
 I have a garaged car that only gets driven a couple of times of month at a weekend home . After about the 5th time of jump-starting a dead battery , a friendly neighbor/garage enthusiast informed me about `` battery tenders . '' After reading the reviews here , I pulled the trigger on the Deltran Tender Plus , and am very happy . I hooked up the ring terminal harness in about 2 minutes and started the charge at around 8PM . Red light stayed on overnight , and by morning the green light was flashing and the red light was on , indicating an 80 % charge . Getting to the steady green light with red light off -LRB- full charge and trickle maintenance -RRB- took another 6 hours or so.Using this could not be easier , and it is tailor made for someone like me
 This is a super nice product that I use on my motorcycle battery . Just install leads to battery and plug in & discharged problem solved . No worries whether bike will start or run poorly due to low battery charge . Once you hook it up it takes care of all charging functions with safeties built in . Give yourself a gift and buy one . It does what it says and is money well spent .
 I bought the Battery Tender as a trickle charger for my motorcycle over the winter and it works great for that . I also used it to charge my car battery last weekend . Worked perfectly . I paid a bit more for this product , but am not unhappy about that because it works so well . The built-in electronic circuitry does all the thinking for you . Just connect it up and plug it in ; the Tender does the rest .
 I bought this charger and an extension cord and boy am I glad I did ! It saved me from buying another new battery . The only thing that is not apparent is that it will not revive a dead battery , you have to get a charge and get it to hold it , THEN hook up the battery charger and it does the rest!If you have a Garage Queen that you do not drive on a regular basis I would recommend getting this product and hooking up the permanent leads to your battery . The extension cord is worth it too as you do n't have the charger in the vicinity of the battery.READ the instructions first !
 I own 2 Battery Tenders and they 're both busy babysitting a couple of batteries for me . One is hooked up to my RV battery in my garage and the other one is keeping my truck battery that 's sitting in my driveway charged . We keep our 5th wheel in a storage lot so we yank the battery when it sits for more than a week . The Tender can be plugged in and forgotten about because of the 3 stag charger that does n't let it overcharge . The truck sits most of the time when we 're not towing and the battery would quickly run down during these cold Michigan winters if not for the Tenders . When we go south in a few weeks , I 'll put a Tender on our Jeep battery that 'll be in the garage while we 're gone and the other one will go with us on the trip . They work great & save me a lot a lot of extra grief .
 This battery tender works great , keeping the battery charged and ready to ride after an exteneded time sitting up .
 Was at the Peterson Automotive Museum in LA this weekend . I was inspired to write this review after having bought my Battery Tender and seeing that every car in the temporary Supercar exhibit had one tucked under it . We 're talking about a Bugatti Veyron , Elvis ' Yellow Pantera he shot on multiple occasions because it would n't start -LRB- Fords ... -RRB- , and an elusive '88 Porsche 959 , all with a Battery Tender hiding underneath them . I was pretty impressed and happy I owned one .
 Works great ... good price ... extends motorcycle battery life up to 75 % . Easy to hook up to bike , also with clamps you can charge other batteries without disconnecting line from motorcycle .
 This is the third one of these that I have bought . Again , Amazon had the lowest price . I use these on 3 of my vehicles that do n't get much use -- my lawn mower , a only-on-nice-days Camaro , and now my Harley Sportster . With the lawn mower and the Camaro , it seemed like every other year I was buying a new battery -- they just would not make it through the long cold winter with no use . I bought the first 2 Battery Tenders about 4 years ago and they keep the batteries charged up during the winter months . No problems starting up either in the spring . This new one will keep the Harley 's battery charged up and ready to go .
 We purchased this as a gift as we already knew the value and integrity of the product . Love that you can never over charge . Great for winter storage for motorcycles , boat batteries , etc. . Highly recommend .
 I 've been using Battery Tenders for over 15 years and I 've never had a problem starting my toys after sitting for long periods . I have one on my '67 Corvette , one on my Harley , one on my John Deere and even a 6 volt on my '53 Moto Guzzi . I just purchased a BMW M3 that I plan on driving on Fridays and weekends so I just picked another up . BMW sells the same Tender with the BMW logo on it for about $ 25 more than I paid here . It even has a BMW part number . These things are must have items for your toys .
 Who has n't accidently left the headlights on , or taken so many small trips with your car that the battery is consistently bordering low charge to no charge . After having had issues with both over the last couple of weeks , really not the norm for me , I borrowed a Battery Tender from a friend and tried it out . It seems very well built , easy to use , and a great accessory to have in the garage . It is easily be connected to the negative and positive terminals of a well drained batter and has it ready to go in 24-36 hours . Although I have n't done it myself , my friend uses the quick connect cable installed on his motorcycle that allows him to connect to the battery that is tucked away under the seat and charge it after extended times on no use . Great item .
 The Battery Tender Plus 021-0128 worked out well for me.I have a car that sits more than it gets used.Most of my trips are short , so the battery never really gets charged up enough from my use.It ` s nice to be able to hook it up and not be concerned of over charging.It came with options of how you can connect it.If needed , the optional stuff you can get to help with your situation is priced reasonable.There might be better items that do the same or more , but for now I ` m glad I bought this.It is basic and simple .
 This tremendous little device has solved my problems with starting my John Deere tractor/snow thrower . I used to have to put a block heater on it for hours ahead of time in order to insure it would start . The quick release feature also helps . I can now go out and know I have the cranking power to start the beast and it 's easy to use . It also replenished the same tractor battery this summer during a dry period in which I did n't run it for a month and it ran down . Only a few hours and it was charged enough to start easily . The best part is that it uses very little electricity and only monitors the battery for depletion if it occurs . This is the best product I 've purchased in years in that it alleviated a problem that I had to deal with every winter .
 I do n't drive my convertible very often the winter.The battery would sometimes go dead from non-use . I would have to jump the car . What a pain.Now , with this battery tender , the car is always readywhen I want to drive it . Simple to use . Will neverovercharge with this tender . A great product at avery good price . Highly recommend.Plus Amazon service was quick and easy .
 My mother has two cars that she does n't drive -LRB- but enjoys being driven in ! -RRB- , and I have to keep them both running nowadays . After a year or so of never being quite sure if the cars would start -LRB- and then restart -RRB- , I got one of these to keep in her garage . I do n't tend to keep it on the car all the time , but put it on a few days before we plan a road trip . Have n't had a problem with that battery since . I got a second one to keep at my house , for the truck -LRB- which sits outside -RRB- , and I plan my day so that I get the car , park it overnight on the charger and it 's good to go the next morning . It told me when I truly needed a new battery on my regular vehicle -LRB- would n't hold a charge after over 24 hours on the tender -RRB- . I also have the 25 ' extension cables.The only thing I do n't like is that I have to use the alligator clips . The O-ring adapter is not sized for auto batteries , but the smaller posts of a motorcycle battery , unless you 're willing to unscrew the posts to get the adapter under them . That 's the only reason I gave them 4 stars .
 Charges much faster than my cheap-o charger ... I would recommend the 25 ' adapter if you plan on charging things that may or may not fit into the garage . -LRB- because we either do n't keep them perfectly clean or you do n't feel like backing out the minivan ... but mainly because I 'm lucky to have a walkway in my garage that I can safely walk through.The indicator lights are a nice touch if you 're charging multiple batteries and do n't remember when you put them on the charger .
 This is the second Battery Tender product I 've owned . The only reason I bought this on is because I gave it to the guy I sold my old bike to . Best way to charge/store your battery .
 This is actually my third Battery Tender . I like this device because it is simple to use and it does what it is supposed to do-charge and maintain batteries . Red light , then flashing green , then solid green . Lets you know whats going on at any charging phase .
 I was able to install the leads on my 05 Triumph Bonneville in minutes . Now there will be no more missed rides due to a dead battery . I would recommend this to anyone with a recreational vehicle .
 I like these chargers so much I have 5 of them . They get the job done and are very dependable .
 Worth your time and money . Works as adverised . Have it on a classic car and have NO complaints . It will charge a completely dead battery -LRB- will take 24-36 hours but will charge it -RRB-
 recommended to anyone who has batteries that are n't used but need to be kept ready for 5 more words hummmm
 Perfect for all my small batteries . I have 2 small ATV - 1 Marine/RV and a riding lawn mower batteries , and this charger does a perfect job keeping them up to full capacitity ! Buy one , you ca n't go wrong .
 I bought this to keep a battery charged for a car I rarely drive . It has worked flawlessly so far .
 The BatteryTender keeps my car , that has two 12 volt batteries , charged as needed . The previous trickle charger was not able to do so . Great product .
 Previously owned a battery tender Jr. and it works well so I decided to buy this one for my Corvette winter storage battery maintainer . Battery Tender has a very good warranty also , everything is working fine .
 This is the charger/Tender to have . I own a 1996 Harley Davidson Fatboy and have used the smaller version of this Battery Tender called the &#34; Jr &#34; for years and it worked okay . This Battery Tender Plus is amazing ! I charges twice as fast ! It 's a small little box that is a must have for anyone who has a Bike , Car , Truck , Boat , ect ... If you let whatever you have sit for long periods of time buy this charger you wo n't be disappointed . My bike starts right up after not touching it for 3 months through the freezing cold NY winters . This charger is made by Deltran . Look on the back of the charger at the Local Harley store and see who manufactures theirs . You will see the same name just with the Harley logo and a huge mark up in price . Amazon has the best prices for these chargers anywhere trust me I have looked . This seller was great , fast shipping , item was exactaly as described in the advertisement . One side note ; I also ordered the 12.5 ' extension just to make life easier . I can plug my little tender in almost anywhere and leave it there . No need to take it out to plug it in everytime I need it and then put it away for the summer . I leave it in one secure place and just run the wires to the bike anywhere in the garage . Hope this helps ...
 Great little gadget to have around ! Bought this for a gift for my father . He uses it to charge up his lawn tractor .
 Seams to be doing what is suppose to be doing . Had one before before about 8 years and it finally stopped working .
 We use this to keep the batteries on our two motorcycles charged and ready while they are stored in our garage for the winter . We just rotate the charger between the two bikes each week . Also we use the same unit to keep the full sized batteries for our boat and travel trailer up to snuff through the winter storage time.Prior to getting the Battery Tender , each spring we would need to replace the batteries for our bikes . This unit works so well I bought a second unit to use on our farm at another location to keep the tractor battery charged up.THE BEST PART is the FLOAT charge intelligence - this keeps your battery from overcharging and cooking the battery . Frankly the FLOAT charge on the &#34; BATTERY TENDER &#34; works better than the &#34; float &#34; chargers I tried in the past .
 I purchased this battery charger to maintain the battery in my lawn mower and my 4x4 truck , which I drive very little . This product does exactly what it is intended for . I leave it connected to my truck battery constantly and the battery is always fully charged and ready to go . I would recommend this charger to anyone who needs to keep a battery fully charged when not in use .
 Read the reviews , ordered the Battery Tender , connected it to my car -LRB- directly to the battery in the car -RRB- , left it for several months , came back , disconnected it , started the car immediately and never missed a beat . Nice .
 I park my car unused for quite a long period of time and this makes sure its always fully charged and ready to go . I also use it to charge up the battery in my ride on lawnmower before winter storage.There really is n't a reason not to have one of these .
 My husband uses this item on a 1991 Lincoln Town Car that we keep in our garage He says it 's quite and does the job that he expected it to do ???
 Charges my Harley Streetglide battery flawlessly . I love that it also has a storage mode on it so that you do not overcharge your battery . For the price it is a must have in your home or shop .
 I have 2 motorcycles and use this alternatively on each . Keeps the battery topped off every time . Works great . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Keeps a constant float charge on the battery once it reaches full voltage . I just should have gotten the two-battery charger !
 Wow ... I used this on a car that was parked , and not driven for SIX months . Got in the vehicle and it started right up !
 I bought this for my motorcycle for winter storage . Very easy to set up and the indicator lights make it to understand . My friend recommended it and I definitely give it an A + . Girl approved .
 This is a very compact unit and an effective way to charge a battery . So far I have charged one near dead battery . The unit was hot to the touch while charging , but the next day it started flashing to indicate that the battery was over 80 % charged . A short time later the unit showed a steady green . I have kept it on the battery since , no problems . Recommended .
 Came as promised . Works Great ! I would recommend this Tender to every motorcycle rider I know . My son recommended this tender to me . Happy Customer !!!
 So far it seems to be working flawlessly ... we 'll see in a couple of months when I go to start my Nova !!
 Always first rate . Work well . I have never had an issue with them . Currently have six of them in use .
 Have used this model of Battery Tender for many years on my Harley . Keeping the battery charged does seem to extend the battery 's life . Have gotten 6 years out of the stock battery before I got a new one -LRB- battery still worked , just did n't want to be on the road and have it die -RRB- . Have also used it to recharge my car/truck batteries . It 's a little slow but gets the job done .
 I have used the battery tender and charger for about 8 months now . Since I leave my car for periods of time when I am away , this has prevented `` no start '' surprises . I am happy with the product . It was easy to connect and small enough for easy storage .
 If you only drive your car once a week or less , you will definitely need this . I currently have two cars that I garage , and the battery of one used to die on me if I did n't drive it for two weeks -LRB- battery was two years old , just did n't have much capacity -RRB- . But with the Deltran Battery Tender Plus , I never had to worry about dead batteries again !
 I love this battery charger . I own a 2004 Honda Civic that is virtually brand new and just sits in the garage because I drive a 1998 Honda Accord that belonged to my mother . The battery kept going dead and finally my repair man talked me into this battery charger , this exact name brand , etc. . It is fabulous . Easy to apply . Everything about it is great and now my new battery stays new so when I want to take the car out I can without having to jump start it !!
 Best little invention since sliced bread . This is the second one I have purchased and they do a great job with extended storage . I highly recommend this product .
 Does just what it says it is supposed to do . Easy to use.Super happy with the product and the price I paid .
 I bought a bike that had the Battery Tender connection already installed . My battery died over the winter so I hooked this up , left it over night and in the morning it was all good to go . Not much else to say but it works . My battery was dead , now it 's charged . Simple !
 I have several of this model and one with less output but that one is weather/water tight for my boat and jet skis and have been using them for around ten plus years and none have failed yet , other chargers I have bought at auto parts suppliers have never lasted and did not maintain batteries as well it is apparent the batteries are either made better or these charges just maintain them better I am pretty sure it is these chargers .
 Works excellent . I do n't use my car everyday -LRB- sometimes a few weeks -RRB- but with this hooked up when I do want to use my car , the battery is fully charged . set it and forget it .
 Works just as described and the price was right ! Easy to use , small , affordable and powerful . Takes overnight to analyze and charge the battery , but keeps it stable from that point forward .
 This product is just awesome ! Charges fast , and tells you the current condition of the battery . I just love it !
 Three knowledgeable mechanics could not find out why my '87 Nissan Stanza battery went dead over-night , every night . I ordered this wonderful ` gadget ' Nov 2010 and my battery is never dead . It stays pluged in 24/7 and is always ready to go when I am .
 great charger , fully recharged my optima battery from 5.5 v in less than 2 days . I would highly recommend this charger .
 battery tender plus is great , easy to use better then the older battery charger so big an cumbersome , also my tender is great for that slow charge over the season
 Good product . Have 4 will buy more . Keeps batteries charged but not overcharged and ready to go . Use on boat , motorcycle , ATV and lawnmower batteries
 The Battery Tender was everything it said it would be ! Brought back to life a battery I thought was on its last legs ! Glad I purchased it !
 I 'm using one for each of my Kawasaki jet skis , never a problem , my skis are always ready and never have to pull a battery again . This is an excellent product .
 This is the benchmark everyone measures against . It 's still one of the best , most dependable and easy to use battery chargers in the world .
 Easy to use . Compact . Pulls battery back to full charge and then keeps it at 100 % automatically . Works with both conventional lead-acid and AGM types .
 The Battery Tender Plus is a complete recharging station for the batteries used in lawn care equipment and scooters for the disabled and elderly . The unit is sold with all the cables needed to connect to the battery and a clear set of instructions for setting up the charger safely . The instructions could use some editing to explain the light functions ; they are anything but intuitive . Once I figured out the lights , I was able to put the charger to good use bringing several apparently dead batteries back to full life . Note
 Received this item very fast . I shopped for some time and could not come up with a better machine for the money . Highly recommended to anyone looking for a basic one stop battery charger that does it all .
 This product is easy to use , comes equipped with adequate instructions and does what it is advertised to do . It has kept the batteries in my cars at peak charge and a simple indicator light lets you know the status at a glance .
 I purchased two , one for my Goldwing and one for my new riding mower . Letting a battery go all winter without charging and then charging it in the Spring will compromise battery life as it will not recharge to it 's maximum capacity . A device such as the Battery Tender Plus will maintain that battery at its peak performance throughout the life of the battery extending that life and maximum capacity . Battery Tenders are used largely in the motorcycle community , where protecting your investment is a prime concern .
 This Battery Tender is my second . I have two cars with special insurance , so they sit in the garage for a month or more at a time . Battery Tender makes sure they 're ready to do when it 's a nice day for a drive .
 Excellent Product . Performs as advertised . I 've used a Battery Tender Plus for 5 + years on one of my cars and never had a problem . Now I 've purchased for my friends and family .
 Much better than the less expensive chargers you can buy at the big discount stores . When those go bad , which 2 of the 3 I purchased from Wally World did , they do n't let you know that they are bad . Subsequently , I had to replace the battery in my motor cycle and my lawn tractor . No problems with the Battery Tender brand after 2 years .
 This is an awesome product ! I bought this for my dad for Christmas and he has n't been able to walk away from it yet ! Very good charger and Very quick shipping ! Buy with ease !
 It 's perfect , and way cheaper than the Harley-Davidson battery tender they sell for $ 100 + at the dealer ! The only negative thing is that it 's a 110V only , so international buyers might face a problem with compatibility but not where I live at . Overall , it 's a great product and worth the price . I even used it to charge a car battery and it worked !
 the battery tender is a must for classic or antique vehicles that are kept in storage most of the time . Keep your battery in ready to go shape with the battery tender . I have 3 classic vehicles and now I have 3 tenders . No more worries that the vehicle wo n't start when I want to cruise .
 This is working great . Battery is sitting at full charge and awaiting spring time to roar back to life . Very happy with the purchase and happy with the 10 year warranty . If you want to keep the battery in your ride alive and not have to remove and end up reprogramming in spring , this is the gadget for you !
 This product works perfectly as intended . would highly recommend and although a bit expensive , you do get what you pay for . . Very Satisfied
 This is my second battery tender . I have had my other one for two years now and it works great . I have used it to maintain my motorcycle and lawn mower batteries during the winter and I have also used it to bring back batteries that I thought were no longer usable . I think it 's a great product for the price .
 Battery Tender is easy to use and works great . It is well worth the amount of money they are charging . I have used it to charge my motorcycle battery and my car battery . I would recommend it .
 My wife and I love our Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender Plus !!! Our Harley Sportster loses its charge when we do n't ride it for a week or two . I used to have to open the trunk of my car , take out the emergency battery `` jumper '' - pull off the side cover to access the battery , connect the two alligator clips and start up our bike that way . Not a big deal , but now , with this cool charger , we just unplug the Battery Tender cable , hit the `` start '' button and it fires right up . This charger does exactly what it says ; brings the battery up to full charge , and the lights change from red to green . Then the charger just `` floats '' and maintains the battery 's proper voltage and charge . The first time we used it , we had n't started our Harley for almost a month . We hooked up the charger the afternoon we received it and saw the red light glowing showing it was charging . The next morning , the solid green light showed us that we had a full charge just overnight -LRB- only about 10 or 12 hours -RRB- . It is an excellent product - I do n't know why this charger is n't included with every motorcycle sold as `` standard equipment . '' And with a 10-Year Warranty , you ca n't go wrong !!! Excellent product !!! Highly recommended for anyone with a motorcycle or other vehicle that is not driven on a daily basis and wants to keep their battery at its best for as long as possible !
 This is the 3rd Delron Battery Tender Plus I own , It will never over charge a battery and keeps a battery in a fully charged state so they will last a long time , I have a 10 year old battery in one of my bikes and I 'm sure the only reason it is still good is because of the Delron unit .
 This is a wonderful product . Great price and notice it is more than a charger . Instead of a trickle charge which can ruin a battery over time , this product monitors the actual level of the battery and adds charge when necessary . I had this unit on my airplane which we did n't fly much in the winter and it never failed to start no matter how long it had been since it was last flown . This new one goes on my wife 's Thunderbird which sits all winter long in the garage . I started the car last winter every month , but it still had a dead battery almost each time . This solves the problem .
 I 've used these and the Juniors for many years . They cost very little to use and they keep you from constantly replacing the batteries in your vehicles . It 's a no brainer , they 're well worth what they cost .
 I like the blinking light indictor system it hasWe use it on our fork liftWe went through many batteries before we started using this type of chargerIt is a MUST HAVE for any auto , motor cycle , or machine that has a long down time between use.I you want the best , this is your charger , it will more than pay for it self in the first year .
 this will be my 3rd battery tender . one for each of my bikes . great quality and value . i 've never had a problem with them and they keep your battery maintained properly.buy it and you wo n't regret it ...
 Arrived in good time . Well packed . Working well as decscribed.Use it to keep the ATV , lawn tractor and travel trailer batteries healthy.Recommend the product and that Deltran ` stand by their products ' .
 The Deltran Battery Tender is an excellent battery charger.My last one was in constant service for over 10 years.And the price from Amazon is the lowest I found on the net .
 Very satisfied with Battery Tender Plus 12v . I bought it to keep the battery up on a 1983 280ZX that has been restored and sits for long periods . The unit is compact and I like the fact that it has a quick disconnect harness that is mounted on the battery posts . It took almost 24 hours to bring my battery to full charge and then switched to `` float '' . The wires are fairly long making it easy to connect and place out of the way .
 The Battery Tender works as advertised . Initially my battery needed to be recharged and it took quite awhile for the Battery Tender to do this -LRB- ~ 30hrs -RRB- . Once this was done later recharging only took a couple of hours to get the Battery Tender to run through its cycles and maintain the battery .
 I have a single and a double and so far so good !!! I bought three as Christmas presents for my sons in law . .
 I 've used a Battery Tender Plus for over six years now . When ever my vehicles are not in use for more than a week , on the Battery Tender they go . Have n't had a battery die on me yet .
 Learned about this on Classic Car show on TV.Exactly what we needed , at a good price.Fast Shipping and good packaging too !
 No more periodically having to start a sitting vehicle , only to find the battery dead one cold winter morning . This product has performed as advertised for six months now . We have even bought 3 more over time for other vehicles . So pleased .
 I am so happy I got this for my motorcycle while it sits in storage all winter . I should have got one of these three years ago . It is simple to hookup , use , and is quite as a mouse . Having one of these will prolong the life of your battery , especially in the colder climates like mine . It keeps the battery ever so slightly warm and it get 's below zero in MN a lot . Eric D. , Wanamingo , MN
 I have used these before , and in fact have another one on my tractor . This one is connected to my Goldwing motorcycle and maintains the battery at full charge which extends the life of the battery considerably . I would certainly recommend this unit to anyone .
 Just like the hundreds of reviews before mine , this product is perfect . I was amazed by how small it was and by how well it performed its job , even in the cold.My Ducati sits a lot during the winter so I start it up at least once a month . Went out to start it for December and the battery just was n't going to do it . Pulled the battery out -LRB- was not comfortable charging the battery one inch under the gas tank -RRB- and but it in the shed , hooked the battery tender up using the alligator clips , plugged it in and off it went . Lights are very easy to read and understand . Check the battery this morning and it has solid green , 100 % . Took less then 12 hours to fully recharge my 10Ah battery . Could have been less time but I charged it overnight and then came back to it 12 hours later.With a 10 Year Warranty , 252 + Reviews w/5 Star Average , and Only $ 42 !! This is one of those products you just have to pull the trigger on . Aside from the few DOA or Defective units -LRB- which exist everywhere -RRB- you will not regret this great product .
 It is very handy to have battery tender around at Winter . It will not overcharge your battery . It is a wonderful devise .
 I did ! -LRB- Need a `` spark '' , that is . -RRB- My riding mower sits all alone in the cold , dark garage all winter and when it 's time for that first spring mow ... the battery is always dead ! Not any more ... hooked on this little charger and in a couple of hours I was in the seat bouncing merrily along mowing like mad . I 'm as dumb as dumb about anything electrical , but this was a snap to use with easy instructions ... I did a lot of research and came up with a WINNER !
 I usually only write a product review to share unfavorable information that I wish I had known about before buying a particular item . In this case I would simply like to extend kudos for a really fine product . If you want a very fine battery charger at an inexpensive price you need look no further .
 It is the best product of it 's kind that I have found . It is solidly built anf includes a 10 year warranty and all the connectors needed . I have one for each motorcycle and they just work . It could n't be easier unless they hooked themselves up when I pull in the garage .
 This was a must purchase for me seeing I kept killing batteries every two to three years . I was told about Deltran buy friends of mine that swear by them . I did my research before i bought the product and Horsepower Tv recommended this product and gave wonderful reviews on it . Its definitely doing what it says and is a great product if you own vehicles that sit for long periods of time then you will need one of these . Easy to hook up and most people that are electronic savy like myself do n't need to read the directions at all . Its pretty straight forward product right out the box .
 I purchased the Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender Plus 12-Volt 1.25 AMP Battery Charger to charge and maintain two batteries . One for my pop-up and one for the trollign moter on my boat . The product is a four step charger with a flaot charge for maintaining the battery . It has worked perfect for my needs and at a much better price than other chargers .
 I bought this charger for ATVs and Motorcycles . It works great , and is made much better than the cheap Wal-Mart battery charger . The permanent plug attachment for the battery is long enough to easily connect to the charger without removing the seat on my ATV . Amazon 's price was cheaper than buying it directly from the manufacturer .
 This is a compact charger that does everything it 's suppose to do and more . I would highly recommend it !
 Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender Plus 12-Volt 1.25 AMP Battery ChargerThis battery tender is great . Not only will it keep your car or motorcycle batteries from sulfating , they will always be fully charged and ready to go with no worries about overcharging . Theoretically , a vehicle battery can last practically forever if it is properly maintained and does n't sulfate . Using a `` smart '' charger is the only way to do this . I have two , a .75 amp unit for my Harley and the 1.25 amp unit for my 2 cars and I `` top off '' the batteries weekly on all of my vehicles . The bike stays plugged in all winter while it 's in storage and it never fails to fire up immediately in the spring just like I had been riding it all Winter . I 'll be using battery tenders on all my future vehicles for the rest of my life , that 's for sure .
 This is definitely the best battery charger/float charger I have ever had . This is my second one . I bought it for my son because I use to get two years out of my motorcycle batteries until I bought one of the Deltrans . I am now on my fifth year and it still seems strong . I have tried other cheap ones over the years but they did n't seem to help the life any . I would recommend this battery tender to anyone with a seasonal use battery .
 Works great . This charger is all it 's supposed to be . Maintains a static battery and always keeps it ready and full of charge .
 I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE BATTERY TENDER I BOUGHT , I ALREADY OWN 1 AND HAVE HAD GREAT SERVICE WITH THIS PRODUCT . I ORDERED THE BATTERY TENDER FROM AMAZON.COM AND I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THERE SERVICE . I RECEIVED MY PRODUCT IN A VERY TIMELY MANNER . I HAVE ORDERED A LOT OF PRODUCTS FROM AMAZON AND I HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM .
 I have had two Battery Tenders for many years on my boats.A local power fluctuation burned out one of them and Imade the mistake to trying to replace the damaged onewith an inferior product.After buying a new battery - I corrected my mistakeand bought another Battery Tender .
 NO PROBLEMS SO FAR ... . BUT I 'VE ONLY HAD FOR SEVERAL MONTHS ... THE CORDS ARE STIFF AS MENTIONED IN OTHER REVIEWS ... BUT NOT A MAJOR PROBLEM ... GOOD PRICE ...
 This is the second battery tender I have purchased . It does the job . No fuss . Keeps the battery in the cars fully charged and running well .
 Batteries are expensive , I am hoping that by using this I will extend the life on my batteries , worst case scenario my batteries will always be charged . I got the extra quick connect adapter , so I have a quick connect on my four wheeler , and one on my lawnmower . I just switch them over every once in awhile .
 Awesome I luve it it works great buy one it is great for riding mowers God is able to do great things
 I wish I had known about this item years ago . I have a classic car that is lightly driven . It was always such a problem to recharge the battery each time . Now Battery Tender keeps my battery charged . It was a little slow to start -LRB- red light on for quite a while -RRB- but it was a big battery and once it got going , the green light is always on . Thank you for such a great item . This would be a wonderful choice for all classic car owners .
 nice to see a product work as it is supposed to . I have only had it for a month but so far , it is exactly what I expected . Shipping was pretty quick too .
 I owned a brand new multi charger and when i plugged it in to keep the battery charged on my 93 Ultra Glide it made a loud annoying buzzing noise that would not work for me , I seen the Battery Tender 021-0128 on Amazon and bought it along with a 25 `` Battery Tender 081-0148-25 25 ' Quick Disconnect Extension Cableand I could not be happier with this purchase ! No more buzzing sounds .
 I got this because my battery kept dying on me . I think I found the source of the problem after I ordered it but this thing will make sure my battery is kept at full charge . It comes with 0-ring terminals and alligator clips . The alligator clips are very easy to put on the terminals . I read somewhere that the 0-rings are for motorcycles and lawn mowers and stuff so I will just keep them for that . Anyways , I used regular jumper cables to give my battery enough juice to start my car . No where in the instructions does it say if the vehicle should be on or off while charging . My best guess was off since it takes almost 2 days for a complete charge and who leaves their car on for that long , and plus you can charge it with the battery out of the car . So anyways , I made that little charge for my battery to get up and running and disconnected the jumper cables . This next part is very important . First you should connect the alligator cables to the quick connect ends on the battery charger . Then put the alligator clips on the car positive/negetive leads . Then if you used an extension cord like I did , plug that into a socket . Now line up the charger end with the extension cord end . Make sure all your connections are well on , and then connect the extension cord to the battery charger . If all goes well , like it did with mine , the red light should come on and say Charging . I read somewhere that if both the green/red lights STAY on , that your battery is completely dead and that you should disconnect the battery right away or it could lead to bad damage . The red/green lights flash at startup but then it turned to red . So anyways , now I am waiting for the complete charge to fill up my battery . It is 3pm now on a Thursday and I will fill in this space with when it completed . Keep in mind the instructions say to keep this charger as far away from the battery as possible while charging . I have mine on the ground right in front of the car so that should work just fine . I would n't recommend putting it inside the engine anywhere like the instructions say . All in all , for the money of this thing , it is definately worth having around . I wish I knew about this when I had my motorcycle , because that thing died on me every other day and the quick connect on this would have made charging that thing a breeze . Also with a riding mower that wo n't start . I might get a socket end for the cord so it can charge while in the car . Other people have said this in their reviews and I will see what it 's all about . Good luck charging!Edit
 I picked this charger over the rest because of its small size . Do n't let the small size fool you it works ! I do n't need my battery 's charged NOW ! I want my batteries to be at their best , and this charger does that for me . Its ability to `` sense '' what the battery needs to complete a full `` safe '' charge . The hookups are great ; that you get 1 clip style and a permanent hook up for hard to reach places.I have the permanent set hooked up to our boat battery that is a pain to get to . I just pull the boat in and connect the charger and forget about it . Makes it so easy to replenish the drained deep cycle after a long day of boating , and I know that the battery will have the slow safe charge it needs to last us for years!So for a small size charger that will work will all battery types out there this is a good choice.Solid constructionlong cablessmall package10 yr warrantyease of use
 This product is excellent . I tried it and it works wonderfull on all my batteries on all my cars .
 I have one Battery Tender Plus and love it , No problems with it . Works Great on the quads and motorcycle , Also put it on my electric start generator . I make a habit of every month to swap it from one unit to the other for a couple of days.Till fully charged . All batteries keep at full charge . Also put it on my pick up and jeep when i do n't drive them much.Also i charge the battery in the trailer . I guess i am to cheap to buy another . But this way i look at the batteries and check.The pick up and Jeep and trailer have big batteries and take a little longer to fully charge . Great unit.A must have and AMAZON has a great price .
 I use this charger to charge the marine battery of my 15 ft boat which I keep in my garage . I really like the red and green lights on this charger . If it 's red , it means it is charging , once it 's over 80 percent charged , the green light starts flashing , and at 100 % , the red light goes off and you only have a steady green light . As long as you leave it plugged it , it keeps the battery fully charged without damaging it.It is also a very small and light weight which is good.The charger does what it is supposed to do 100 % and it costs less than 50 bucks ! Since I bought it from Amazon , I did not pay any tax or shipping charges -LRB- ground shipping only -RRB- . You reall ca n't beat that ! I bought itI highly recommend it.Ray - Miami , FL .
 To start , I ordered this product with 2 day shipping on a special with Amazon , got it the next day . Wow that was sweet and unexpected ! I am glade I made the decision to purchase a Battery Tender product , I been very happy with the product so far and do not see any issues going forward . I thought that this was a bit small when I received , but that is a good thing for storage purposes or having to leave it out on the work bench too . I bought this so I would stop killing my garage queen 's battery when not in use . I hooked this up as soon as I got it and it charged my battery in about 2 days or less on an almost completly dead battery , not bad for the size of this thing . I am mad at myself for not purchasing one of these sooner . This is a `` Must Have '' for anyone or your die hard garage guys or gals !! No need to spend a ton of money on the big chargers or tenders , this just just fine and since have had it connected to my car now for a month and it is doing perfect .
 I have to give this product 5 stars just based on the build quality and circuitry . The case is a vented metal case of durable guage and a good quality paint job . The case top and sides extend slightly over the front panel to protect the LED indicators , this is a long standing proven design.The power cord , battery wiring and extra fused connectors are also of excellent quality.The circuitry is very advanced using 4 modes ; battery verification , bulk charge , absorbtive , and float . This is quite advanced and really takes good care of the battery . No fear of over charging the battery when leaving the Battery Tender attached!I tested this item on two old sealed lead-acid batteries I had on the shelf -LRB- one was defective and the other was just discharged -RRB- . The Battery Tender immediately identified the defective battery , did not try to charge it . On the discharged battery , the Battery Tender identifed it as good but discharged , and initiated the charging cycle.MANUFACTURER TAKE NOTE
 I have used the battery tender for several years on nearly all my equipment . It has saved me from having dead car batteries and makes sure that all my equipment in the barn starts up when I need it . I have a diesel arc welder that has a deep cycle marine battery . I put battery tender on it about 4 times per year just to make sure the battery is all charged up . I do n't have to worry about going back out to the barn and disconnecting it to prevent overcharging . Battery tender has the electronics to not harm the battery.I have n't had any dead battery issues in any of my equipment since getting Battery Tender .
 bought this to revive an old bike battery that was dead over winter . plugged it in for 2 days and it fully charged ithopefully it will last me this summer
 nice idiot-proof charger - easy-to-interpret status lights with explanatory legend on the device if you forget . Reverse-polarity protection , built-in battery testing , hi-temp protection , and multistage charging makes it idiot-proof and safe for short-term charging of a dead battery , and for long-term maintenance charging in winter or summer.Note this battery comes in many minor variations and prices , such as with or without a 12-foot charging line , so search around for what options you want . My kit 's line is about 6 feet and costs a little less , and also came with a 3-4 foot charging line with ring terminals which is perfect for permanent installation on a motorcycle or ATV .
 I have a 1998 Camaro Z28 , bought new in 1998 , and only has 57,000 miles so it sits in the garage most of the time . Had a Duralast Gold battery -LRB- 75-DLG -RRB- with 8 year warranty with no problems . After 8 years , I bought a new 75-DLG . But since there was a blizzard last year , I thought to buy this just to be safe . Works fine .
 This product was recommended by the auto repair shop that takes care of my car as they personally use it for their own vehicles . It arrived promptly and in great shape . Hope it works well during the soon arriving winter season .
 12/23/12 over a year and still very happy . Have kept it outdoors -LRB- covered -RRB- to keep trickle on a larger quad , or on a diesel truck with two HD batteries that doesnt get driven much . VERY happy with quality and functional use , and as stated originally , it has higher amperage which is better for some charging uses . -- 11/6/11 higher amp which was recommended for initial charge of quad battery . I have two other tenders . . this is the best and highest rated . USe it on two quads , and Diesel truck with HD batteries . works great to tend.charge all .
 I 'm one of the klutzy people who really ca n't manage technology , but I bought this one because my friend suggested it . I loved how easy this charger was to use , and it came with very easy to follow instructions . It 's a really top notch product , and I recommend it to all my car-savvy chicks .
 I purchased this unit to replace an identical one -LRB- received as a gift -RRB- which was burned up by a power surge . I have two vehicles , and I am concerned that all the electronics will drain the battery if the vehicle in storage is not driven for an extended period . This unit is ideal for `` topping up '' and then maintaining a battery on a vehicle which is in storage , as it first charges the battery and then switches to a low-voltage `` maintenance '' mode . The unit is very simple to use as well , which is a bonus . I typically transfer the unit between vehicles as the seasons dictate , as my primary vehicle is not suitable for driving in snow and ice , and we have had significant snowfall in winter for the last two to three years . The unit would also be ideal for maintaining the battery of something which was in long-term storage , such as a collector car . All in all , I am very pleased with the unit . The only reason the unit does n't get five stars is because I do n't think it should be quite so vulnerable to power surges .
 I use this on my 2003 SVT Cobra which is rarely driving . It has 10900K miles it now and so I needed something to keep the battery charged . This product does the job . I was concerned that the wire or cords would get hot at some point , but it never does . Highly recommended
 The Battery Tender Plus performed as advertised . I have only used it briefly , but everything worked as described . The Product seems to be well made and is basically foolproof to use . My only complaint is that it will only charge 12 volt lead acid or gel type storage batteries and can not be adjusted for different voltages . However , based on my limited experience with it , I would highly recommend it to anyone needing a battery charger for these types of 12 volt batteries .
 The battery tender works as promised . Came with detailed instructions and seems to be well built . I bought this after ruining a few batteries through overcharging . About 3 days after receiving it my wife 's car battery was completely dead . This was a great opportunity to test the low amp charging capability and it worked great . I left it on overnight and the next day the car started and seems to be working fine . I would recommend this product .
 Works great on the motorcycle through the cold winter months . Keeps the charge without overloading , as some other models are prone to do . I really like having this , rather than having to buy a new battery every other year .
 I left my lights -LRB- brights -RRB- on overnight and , even after using a battery booster and my wife 's car to jump it , the car refused to start . Ordered this thing overnight shipping hooked it up let it sit all day and again the next morning until the light turned green . After that my car started up no problem . The only problem i saw in it is that its not waterproof . So unless you have a garage or absolutely no chance in hell of it raining i dont advise using this unsupervised -LRB- in other words , dont go to sleep with it running outside -RRB- . This charger saved me from needlessly buying a new battery and if i ever find myself in a similar situation i will use it again . It isnt being used to `` maintain '' a battery so i suspect this charger will last me for a very long time .
 Have n't seen it in action . Gave it to my daughter for Christmas and she thinks it will be great to have .
 Because of ongoing illness , I rarely leave my house any more . Despite my best intentions to start up my vehicle every few days ... or once a week ... or ... whatever , its battery kept dying ... because I did n't start it up often enough ! I finally decided there had to be a better way to deal with this than continually getting the battery charged . That 's where the Battery Tender Plus comes in.I did some research to look for possible solutions . Once I learned about battery tenders , I was pretty sure I 'd hit on a good one.Keep in mind that I 'd never used , never even HEARD about , battery tenders before . So I plunged in a little prematurely when I ordered this one . Let me explain . I was in such a hurry to get one that I did n't bother reading all the fine details about all the different tenders I viewed . I read good reviews and saw good ratings for this particular brand , went to their web site , found the correct voltage for my vehicle , and then ordered it . It was n't until my friend and I were installing it that I realized it was n't really suited , logistically , for my particular situation . I park my vehicle in my driveway -LSB- because there 's no room in my garage * sigh * -RSB- . Once we attached the tender we realized I 'd goofed . When it 's attached to the battery , the hood of the car can not be closed all the way . It 's a combination of the clips adding height to the battery AND having the power cord hanging out.You 're not supposed to let the charger get wet , as in being outside in the rain , so we were kind of stumped . This model was clearly intended for a vehicle stored in a covered structure , where the hood could be left up and the charger would n't get wet . Before deciding to send it back , we thought we 'd try doing a little rigging to make it work.I pulled my SUV all the way up to the garage door , then we stuck the charger inside the garage and let the door down gently ; the power cord fit under the door without being touched , so that was fine . I have a Toyota RAV4 , and its battery sits IMMEDIATELY below the windshield ; its cover actually forms part of what you see as the exterior of the car , i.e. , if you 're looking at it from the front , the part just below the windshield wipers actually consists of the battery cover on one side . Because we could n't get the battery cover back down into its normal , flush position , we could see that this would be a problem letting rain in . We put the hood down -LSB- almost all the way -RSB- , being mindful not to crush the cord . Then we took a plastic bag , covered the area where the battery cover is , anchored the bag under a windshield wiper , stuck something on top of the bag to keep it from blowing off , and , voila ! , problem -LRB- s -RRB- solved . : -RRB- If I had it to do over again , I 'd definitely do a better job of researching the different styles battery tenders come in . I 'm assuming there are self-contained units meant to be left installed at all times , with the hood shut , on vehicles not stored for months in a structure , only plugging/unplugging their power cord as needed . But live and learn!Note that although the instructions strongly warn against using an extension cord `` unless absolutely necessary , '' the supplied cord is ridiculously short . Personally , I do n't have a GFCI outlet right next to my vehicle , so I had no choice but to use an extension cord.The tender is working as expected . Its manual explains what its various lights signify when they 're flashing or solid.If I remember correctly , the manual says that the tender will NOT charge a dead battery . So if your battery is dead , get it charged first and then hook up the tender .
 This is just what I need to keep my truck battery ready during the winter when I do not drive it every day . It maintains a full charge . The computer/electronics are running even when I leave the truck setting for a week or more and the tender keeps it ready to start .
 works as advertised . had mine for a couple years . its been dropped , stepped on and general beating.still works fine.larry
 Arrived on time . This is more than a battery charger . A must have for the winter months . Make sure you get the plus model .
 Purchased for my Dad . He has a Camero , boat and 2 motorcycles and loves these battery tender . He was super happy with it ! ~
 I had heard of this item from a friend and bought it as a quick fix for a motorcycle with a short that goes through batteries every couple of months . It took my totally dead battery and made it as good as new . Highly recommended !
 This product does exactly what it 's suppose to do and is very easy to use and setup . I would recommend this for all my friends . Especially , anyone who owns an antique car and stores it for the winter .
 i bought this a few days ago . hooked it up to my lawn tractor because last winter the cold killed my mower battery . working great so far this winter . come spring will find out if the charger was worth the money . so far so good .
 This has been the best charger I have ever purchased . I was experiencing trouble with a ` click ' once in a while and now it 's gone for good . When the car sits , I always have the Battery Tender hooked up to my battery . It takes a few minutes and then I forget about it . The car sits in a very cold garage for maybe 2 weeks and starts first time every time.This is the BEST PRODUCT I HAVE PURCHASED IN THE LAST 10 OR 15 YEARS . Buy it through Amazon for the best price and free shipping . Very highly recommended .
 Prolongs battery life - use it on short to long term storage of vehicles.used for 10 years on 6-month storage of boat and classic car , also onpickup used once a week .
 The Tender arrived on time and I have no complaints . The battery tender I should have purchased before I purchased a battery charger . It has saved me from purchasing new batteries for my lawn tractor , and other vehicles that sit for long periods between start ups .
 This is a great product at a great price . I have another one for one of my vehicles so I was familiar with the quality and ability of this battery charger
 I have three cars one truck four motorcycles and two scooters . . And have not had a dead or weak battery since.just move it around every couple of days.Plus it does not cook the battery .
 Battery tenders are a great idea . If you are going to leave a car unattended for long periods of time , you do not have to worry about a dead battery when you return .
 Bought it for keeping motorcycle and quad batteries charged . It did that small job fine , or it appeared to . The first time I used it on a dead car battery the `` Battery Tender '' died , probably too big of a job for it . No lights on the battery tender or anything . I tried it on a charged battery to verify the unit is dead , it was . Would not use on a car battery.WOW Update . I contacted the Battery Tender company and explained my history with their product . They told me to send in the charger with my receipt and they sent me a new or like new one back . WOW . . I have only tried the new one on two small 12v batteries and it performed better than the original . I never got to a solid green light on my first charger . Will try it out again this weekend . If all goes well will give it a 5th star.Ok , the 2nd battery tender works great . The first never got to a sold green light , which means completely charged . The second unit has done this 3 out of 3 times . I have not tried it on a car battery yet , want to talk to fellow workers who have used it on a car first.Bob
 There are few things more frustrating than to hop on your lawn tractor that has not been used for a couple of weeks -LRB- or longer -RRB- , turn the key , and have nothing happen . Arrrgh ! I hate that ! Well , no more . The Battery Tender Plus , model 021-0128 , works exactly as advertised . I attached the permanent cable setup to the tractor battery so now it 's `` plug-and-play . '' These are short cables with rings on the end of each that attach to the + / - terminals . A set of these comes with this model charger . I bought a cable extension kit as well because the nearest outlet was too far away for the Battery Tender 's cable to reach . It works well too.While some reviews of the Battery Tender systems have been a bit negative , particularly those from several years ago , I have only good things to say about this model and its accessories at this point.A cautionary note ; there is another Battery Tender model that is advertised as `` for Gel-cell batteries . '' That is not the same model as this one and is , allegedly , not usable with lead-acid batteries . I 'm certainly not an expert on this , but I am passing on information that I used to make my decision as to which Battery Tender model to purchase.As usual , Amazon had the best price on my unit . The tax-free purchase and the free shipping are always appreciated .
 Love this little gadget.Use it on my Hot Rod that I do n't drive much and it keeps the battery up and even makes the battery last much longer.I 've been using a battery tender on two Harley Davidson M/C 's for 20 years and I continuously get better service and longer lasting battery life out of all my M/C batteries than the riders who do n't use tenders.I just switch it between the two bikes from week to week depending on how much I ride one or the other .
 If you do n't drive your toy enough , this will keep the battery ready for when you do have the time .
 I bought two . One for the riding mower and one for the Harley . I hear nothing but good things about its performance and extending battery life . I can see why other bikers use it . It easy to hookup and plug in . It is keeping the charge . The 10 year warranty is a big plus .
 I 've been using this for quite a while now and it keeps my battery charged on my Harley . I have the security system so there is a constant drain on the battery , especially during the cold months , but I can go out and start my motorcycle any time thank to this product .
 Using it on a Z06 Corvette for winter storage . So far so good . Car starts right up . No issues so far .
 Hooked to battery and within a day it was showing green . Battery has been staying at correct voltage , clock etc stays set . Works exactly as advertised .
 Simple easy to use.Cables are simple to use and between the clamps and post ring extension I was able to use it just as easily on my motorcycle or my lawnmower .
 I originally purchased a generic battery tender for my motorcycle at a big box discount store about a year ago . It lasted six months and did n't even make it through the winter . So I bought the Deltran Battery Tender and , so far , I 've been very happy with it . Just in general , the construction is much more robust with heavier duty cables and nice touches such as a cap over the end of the battery cable hook up to prevent accidental shorting when not in use . I 've also observed that it cycles through the charge/maintain modes as I would expect . I guess none of this is particularly exciting but it 's nice to see something that works as advertised .
 Great and sturdy . It is a float charger so it is safe to leave your battery plugged in forever and it will never overcharge it . For those that do not know , trickle chargers pay no attention to the discharge rate after it is full so it may overcharge , ie shorten the lifespan , of your battery . Float chargers on the other hand charge as much as the battery discharges over time . I left a size 27 deep cycle charging a few days before sandy to have power during the store , with an inverter , for some lamps and small devices . Worked wonderfully . Does n't heat up and the full metal construction is a great thing .
 This product is very easy to use . It recharged a battery that had lost its juice -LRB- starting capability - would still turn on lights and indicators -RRB- in less than 12 hours . It did not start it up in less than five minutes , but it probably would have in less than 12 hours , but I just put the jumper cables on , walked away , and when I came back , it showed the battery as fully charged and scooter started right up .
 I have used battery tenders for 10 Plus years ... . My reason is to replace my last one that finally gave up ...
 this item fit all my needs . very easy to use . i should 've got one a long time ago !! great price too !!
 This is my second unit and they both keep their batteries fully charged with no worries about overcharging . This is a great product and I urge anyone that has a rig that sits for long periods to get one .
 We 've had this for a while and finally used it today . My car is a 2007 and we have just a little over 8,000 miles on it . Does that tell you how little we go out ? Anyhow , the car will sit for 2 weeks sometimes , especially in winter when I tend to be more of a hermit than usual . We knew we had some super cold weather coming , so the day before , hubby ran the car in the driveway for about 30 minutes . The next day he tried starting it to no avail . We let the car sit for a few days after that . One of those nights it got down to 15 below zero . Today it warmed to a balmy 12 degrees , so he decided to hook up the Battery Tender . We expected it to take until overnight to charge . When he checked it after a couple hours , it was fully charged & ran like a top ! Could n't be happier ! If I had called a garage to come out for a jump start it would have cost me as much or more than the battery tender , so it has indeed , paid for itself in one use !
 I have a muscle car that only gets driven a handful of times a year , this tender has worked perfectly so I can start it up more frequently to keep things smooth.Solid construction and connectors , I would buy another .
 This product has worked exactly as described . I use it on my John Deere Riding Lawn Tractor and my Suzuki M109r Motorcycle and it keeps both batteries charged . I like that it comes with two different terminal connections so I can have them hooked up on both items without having to switch connections around etc. .
 I have one of these and it works great for my motorcycle in the winter . I purchased this for a gift for my dad -LRB- 86 yrs old -RRB- to keep his generator battery always charged and ready .
 This charger is great for anyone that needs to charge their car or motorcycle battery and is a must for cars that do n't get used often , cords are long also . Had this charger for about 1 year now and has n't given me any problems .
 Good product and easy to use . Comes with a semi permanent quick hookup . would definitely recommend . The size is a plus .
 This has kept my 883 Harley charged and ready to start , its given me no problems , I think the attachment accessories that it comes with are superb .
 Exactly what i wanted and needed and fast shipment . Well informed of the total process . Thanks for the excellent service .
 Received quick . Plenty of cords to reach cars -LRB- about 12 feet total -RRB- . Put it on a low battery , which it indicates , and charged it up .
 I love this little guy ! Do your research and you 'll come to you need more than just a trickle charger for your batteries . I live in Montana and the winters are bitter cold . In my un-heated and un-insulated garage I have 5 batteries hooked up in a series -LRB- not their recommend way for this product but has worked for me 3 years -RRB- I just make sure the positive lead from this maintainer is on one end of the batteries and the negative is on the opposite end of the positive lead . That way it tends to act like one big battery . Just make sure your battery is charged before adding it on this device.As long as its lasted me I would be another if it fails but even with my setup it does n't have to work very hard so I am expecting it to last a lot longer.Recommended product buy this brand !!
 I use this to maintain a strong battery charge on a vehicle that rarely gets driven over the winter . I opted to use the quick connector leads so I did n't have to worry about propping the hood up to clear the red and black clamps on the battery terminals .
 ... or anything with a 12V battery that is n't driven regularly . I 've been using Battery Tenders for years on my motorcycle and airplane-both of which are usually battery-a-year propositions . I now have one for every vehicle but my daily drivers-even my hydraulic dump trailer . It 's simple to use : clip on the battery leads , plug it in , and forget about it . You do n't worry about a dead battery when you need the vehicle , and you do n't have to worry about overcharging , either . If it saves one battery from seasonal replacement , you 've paid for the unit a couple of times over . Money well spent .
 For ease of use , The Deltran Battery Tender is an excellent way to charge and maintain the battery on your motorcycle , snowmobile , or even a heavy - duty vibrator , not that I would know anything about that ! The kit includes a BMW type plug for machines so equipped , and an SAE adaptor with alligator clips . You can also wire the SAE adaptor right to your bike 's battery and have easy access to the plug - in . The battery is maintained in a peak state of charge , with no worries of over charging .
 Good product for keeping battery fully charged . Keep in mind it 's only 1.25 a , so it 's not good for charging a big battery from a discharged state . I use a 10a charger to get the battery up to about 90 % , then switch over to this thing . Indicator lights make it easy . Set it and forget it .
 If you have a vehicle that you do n't use very often , use the Battery Tender to keep the battery charged . It slow-charges your battery , then maintains the charge . It works great !
 Most people labor under the misconception that periodically driving their car will keep their battery charged . Unless you are regularly putting up hours on the highway this is n't the case . Average around the town driving does n't run the alternator enough to charge up the battery fully . This situation is exacerbated if you run the battery down for some reason -LRB- like leaving a light on or running the battery while parked with the engine off -RRB- . When a battery is used for any length of time with less than 75 % charge , sulfation begins to take place . Sulfation is where the sulfur in the sulfuric acid which acts as an electrolyte in the battery bonds to the plates permanently , reducing the battery 's ability to be recharged and basically killing your battery . There 's an easy solution - buy a decent battery charger and be sure to top up your battery 's charge any time you run it down - or periodically regularly for any car that does n't enjoy long trips where the alternator gets to charge the battery for hours at a time.There is n't a better charger around for the price than the Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender plus . It 's the granddaddy - and it does the job quickly and well for a very good price . It has two indicator LEDs which show 4 status states -LRB- Verifying the battery , charging , charging with battery level over 80 % , and fully charged - on trickle charge mode -RRB- . This makes it easy to see what the charger is doing and when your battery is ready to roll . The Deltran SuperSmart is has a robust powder coat painted metal body and a modular plug attachment that allow you to hook up various battery connectors . It comes with two connectors -LRB- clips for car and marine batteries and rings for motorcycles -RRB- . While a battery charger can not bring back a battery that has fully sulfated , a good one like this definitely can reverse partial sulfating . It 's better to prevent sulfating in the first place - and regular use -LRB- i.e. quarterly and after each significant battery run down event -RRB- will keep your battery in good shape for as long as possible . It 's like dental floss for your car 's electrical system .
 Three of my cars are in storage during the winter months , and I have learned the hard lesson that storing a car without a battery maintainer is the sure way to kill the battery in three other cars and a boat I previously own . So , per my mechanics recommendation , I started putting my cars on the maintainer.I have two BMW battery maintainers made by Deltran -LRB- Battery Tender 's manufacturer -RRB- . They have both worked for a couple years trouble-free . The only complaint I have is the cigartte plug is a little flimsy and if you drop it enough times , it will crack . But otherwise , they work flawlessly in my cars.With my other car , the BMW charger does not work because the cigarette socket is disconnected when the car is off . So I bought a Battery Tender Plus . The first unit had a defective LED -LRB- though it worked properly -RRB- , I exchanged it for another new one through my dealer . The new one worked properly for 18 months , then it failed . I sent it back to Deltran for warranty repair , and 10 days later , I received a brand new charger from them , which works properly now . In all fairness , all three chargers are running 24x7 the entire time , in temperature ranging from 10F to 100F , which is perhaps pretty tough on them.The difference between the BMW charger and the Battery Tender is that the Tender does not include a cigarette plug , which requires one to open the hood to connect it . If you have a car with a cigarette plug which is always on , the BMW charger is much easier to use -LRB- also more expensive -RRB- . One comment , the Tender only puts out 1.25 A . So it is not a fast charger . If you have a badly discharged battery , it could take a couple days or more to charge it -LRB- a fast charger puts out 10 + times more current -RRB- . That includes new battery you buy from the auto store , they are not 100 % charged when you get it home -LRB- all batteries self-discharge when they are just sitting on the shelf -RRB- , so do n't expect it to go into storage mode in a couple hours . And for a defective battery , it may never reach the storage mode.To cover all my needs , I also have two automated fast chargers to handle the normal fast charging duties.Original manufacturer 's batteries for European cars are very expensive , and the on-board electronics also does not like a dead battery . Therefore , I view the Battery Tender as a very sound purchase.The only reason I did not give the Battery Tender Plus 5 stars is the two failures I had with it . But since Deltran and my dealer took care of it quickly , I do n't think it is a showstopper.I am not sure if the BMW charger got extra QA because it is branded BMW , but they are trouble-free for both units I own , they are definitely 5 stars .
 This is a great product . I have it on my Corvette and it seems to be working just fine . I have n't even thought about it . I know when the weather gets warm again , my car will be ready to go . But one if you 're thinking about it .
 I bought two of these for my motorcycles and they work great , very simple to use with the plugs that come with the charger .
 I 've been using this for years and I have eight years on my Japanese motorcycle battery . Need i say more ? ` Nuff said .
 After having my motorcycle battery discharge due to the alarm and stereo system , I bought the battery tender . I have not had an issue since . I also use it to keep the batteries for my back up sump pump system fully charged . This product is a must if you have batteries sitting idle . There is a natural discharge rate , and if you do n't keep your batteries charged , they will fail you when you need them most . Spend the money and buy this product . 5 years of trouble free service earned this a 5 star rating .
 I have had a lot of the cheap trickle chargers that are not really a trickle charger at all , this one is great and works exactly as advertised . I have several cars that I use it in to keep the batter topped off , works great and I never am concerned about leaving it plugged in like I was on the others .
 This product is great and so is the company that supplies it . I had questions as to which product was best suited for my needs so I called the headquarters in Florida . The people there were very helpful and guided me to the correct choice . The Battery Tender Plus is well worth the price . Does everything ... it charged the battery and keeps it charged.I purchased this from Amazon ... Naturally .
 Your product was perfect . it was made to a high standards . I am glade with the choice I made by purchasing your product . Your Price was fair and Delivery was fast as I received it two days after purchase . Looking forward to future purchases .
 We own a older VW Cabrio convertible that 's in great condition that we keep garaged . Since we live in New Jersey it often does n't get driven for extended periods in the winter months . This product provided the perfect solution to a chronically dead battery . Once I had it hooked up using the adapter with the eye holes -LRB- included -RRB- screwed to the battery this thing was up and running in 5 minutes . Especially nice is the the cable which runs from the charger to the battery has a coupling in it that 's in a perfect spot so I can unhook it and drive away with barely opening the hood .
 Exceeds expectations , battery always ready on my motorcycle all winter long ! What more can i say ? Ok is that enough words forya ?
 Bought this to recharge my riding Lawn Mower battery . It has not been run during the winter as my grass is dormant . I tried to start it the other day and it just would not start . It sounded like the battery was getting weak . So I purchased this at a reasonable price and tried it . It charged the battery over night and now it starts just fine . Easy to use . You can leave it attached and after charging the battery , it will switch to the &#34; trickle &#34; mode , keeping the battery charge topped off .
 Great device . I 'll sometimes go a week or more without using my car and will find with current draw from modern car systems will seriously reduce the battery charge . With this charger , I plug it in and forget about it . The literature claims it will prolong battery life ; likely true as everything I 've read indicates deep discharge will damage automotive batteries . Good purchase .
 EXPERIENCE
 I purchased a couple of these units for cars that are store for a week or two between drives . The choice of cables allowed me to set things up so that I dont ever need to access the battery or leave a door/window open . I just plug the unit in and my batteries are always fully charged . After having to jump start cars a couple of times , it is really great to get into the car and have it `` come to life '' instantly!Great product . Worth every penny . I recommend the 25 '' extension too ...
 I 've had my Battery Tender for a couple of years now and I do n't know what I would do without it.When I need my car to start ... it 's a good thing the Battery Tender is connected!And when I get back into the garage , the first thing I do is hook up the Battery Tender!What I love about it is that I never have to worry that it will overcharge or fry my battery.It wo n't jump a dead battery , but I did n't buy it for that . I wanted a trickle charger , and it does the job beautifully.If you 're a person who walks out and realizes you have n't driven your car for awhile , then this is the perfect solution.Battery Tender will take care of it all for you !
 I purchased my Deltran Battery tender 17 years ago as an accessory with my PWC . It has paid for itself many times over by extending my battery life to 4-5 years instead of changing battery every year or two . I have used my tender for the last 4 or 5 years outside in the harsh winters with no problems . I have gone through 4 lessor quality maintainers that were hooked to my other toys . I now only use and recommend Deltran to anyone interested in a quality reliable maintainer than you can be guaranteed is keeping your battery at it 's best . The cheaper brands all seem to last two years and then they go bad . Deltran just keeps on ticking , who knows how long my 17 year old tender will last but I would guess it will out last any toy I have it hooked to . I just ca n't say enough good about this maintainer it 's the best I have ever used and I 've had many attemps trying to find a cheaper alternative .
 A must for anyone leaving their car parked for more than a week especially in cold weather when battery power is reduced . Easy to hookup . Good price compaired to similer products.Would recommed .
 The Deltran Tender Plus 12 volt is a perfect solution for heeping my chasis battery peaked for use during winter stoarge . I wish I had found it before my less than two year old battery was drained by parasitic power -LRB- radio clock etc. -RRB- of power and frozen solid . With the cigarette lighter adapater for connecting it to the battery it takes less than 5 minutes to hook up and I do not have to raise the hood.I had a couple of questions which I posted by email at their site and I got 48 hour responses both times that were articulate and a complete answer that had been obviously researched by the person responding .
 This is a very carefully thought out and well made product . It does its two jobs very well
 Installs easy on nearly every bike , so now you never have to remove the seat of my bike to charge my bikes battery . Also when I am not using the bike plug -LRB- battery to SAE -RRB- to charge my bike , I use it to charge my cell phone . So the SAE plug -LRB- the thing you attach to you battery -RRB- is extremely useful on long trip -LRB- after I bought the adapter from SAE to cigarette lighter -RRB- .
 Hook it up , plug it in , and forget about worrying if that vehicle will start the next time you need it ! A great price for a quality item , that will keep your battery alive far longer than one that just sits and can drain itself down after a period of time . Self regulating , and goes to `` storage mode '' to keep from over charging a battery . An excellent way to prevent buying another battery that costs far more than this charger . As a mechanic I highly recommend this easy to use unit !
 I am very pleased with the Deltran Super Smart Battery Tender . The only negative is that it was 4 dayes late of the expected delivery date.I purchased it to charge my 20KW emergency generator because the installed charger in the 200 Amp transfer switch did not maintain the Interstate battery for more than a week . I had an authorized Guardian technican test the installed charger and it is defective and will replace it . After that I will have the Deltran for emergencies.It did a great job standing in.I am adding this review to the previous review because the trickle charger in my transfer switch failed and I am now using the Deltran Super Smart full time now to keep my battery charger to start my generator for exercising once a week .
 I bought this product on the recommendation of a friend , when I told him I was still having problems keeping the battery in my VW Jetta diesel charged sufficiently for cold morning starts in the winter here in Iowa . And it works like a charm ! Even when the temperature got down well below 0 F here this winter , the battery still had enough punch to get my car going . I had just a block heater before this , but that was n't enough ; this tender was what I needed , especially since I do n't use my car everyday . It 's nice not to have to worry whether the battery will have sufficient charge next time I go out .
 Keeps batteries up and ready to go when you need them.I switch between my boat and lawn tractor batteries , No more dead batteries period . used to have to buy new battery some times yearly.great product ...
 Works perfectly . Easy to use . No more dead battery in a little used collector Porsche . Highly reccommend .
 This unit is much smaller than I thought -LRB- about inches high by 4 inches wide by 7 inches long -RRB- . It works great to keep my lawn tractor battery charged up . The cables that come with the unit are about 5 ft. long and the power cord is probably 5 ft. long as well , so if you are using in a garage and want to leave you batteries on their equipment , getting the 25 ft. extension cable would be a good idea .
 I ran the battery down on my ninja 250 such that she would n't start and as most riders know , your motor wo n't recharge the battery enough on even a 30-60 minute trip . Storing your motorcycle during long periods in the winter will also kill your battery . So I decided to pick this up to see if I could bring back the dead one in my bike.The charge took a little over a day but it did the trick . I have n't had any other problems from my battery . This device is also quite a bit cheaper than the battery tenders they will try and sell you at the dealership and works just as well if not better.Pick it up , you wo n't be sorry .
 I have a collector car that I only drive to shows or a very occasional joy ride . I 've tried a few other brands and was disappointed . This seems to keep the battery charged -LRB- without over-charging -RRB- and works flawlessly . I 'm going to order another one for my ATV !
 I liked mine so much that I bought another one for my 2nd car . The charging system does a beautiful job . I will hook the permanent stay on cord and just tuck it away out of sight.I do n't think you can go wrong buying this . If one of mine ever stops working , I willabsolutely order another one.You will love it !
 I have a motorcycle that I only ride occasionally , the trickle charger was always over charging . I set this up plugged it in and now the bike is always ready to go , and I 'm not continually refilling the battery or replacing it . The lights let me know what the status is so it is easy to know how the battery is doing .
 I use this to trickle charge my 2001 jaguar XK8 convertible . I only drive it occasionally , and hardly at all in the winter here in Ohio , so this is a very handy device . Turn the key after 2 months of no driving and it fires right up . No problems to speak of thus far after almost a year of use . It 's basically on all the time in my garage . I 'll post later if it has any issues come up . So far , so good . I was concerned about over charging , but it seems to know when to turn itself off and on .
 I bought 2 of them one for Motorcycle and one for other stuff . This I luv works great . I bought one 6 yrs ago and it works really great , that 's why I bought 2 more .
 The Battery Tender Plus is a quality battery tender/charger . You can connect to your battery how you like with the supplied quick connect leads in a temporary or permanant fashion . Just plug it in after connecting and the unit will take care of the rest . Use it for your motorcycle , lawn tractor , ATV or anything you want to maintain your battery on . There is a noticable difference in engine performance when you have a fully charged battery vs a weak battery and this tender will provide that when you leave it tending your machine while you are away . While costing more than the Battery Tender JR , this is the superior unit if you are serious about maintaining your expensive batteries like me . Amazon pricing is very competitive and shipping is immediate .
 This is a very good idea and it is working just fine for me . It is hooked up to my Mini Cooper S which is not driven much . I like the size of it and it seems to be well made . It has been hooked up for weeks and it does not get hot . It 's really a neat device and I hope it works well for many many years .
 The item works as described . I leave my motorcycle battery attached over night , and it 's fully charged by morning . yea
 We have amassed a number of products -LRB- besides the family car -LRB- s -RRB- that use 12 volt batteries to power their starter . -LRB- Motorcycles , lawn tractor , leaf vacuum , etc. -RRB- I rotate the use of this maintenance charger among the various machines -LRB- depending on season and use -RRB- . This product works perfectly as advertised . Never experienced a weak or dead battery in any of my equipment since I began using it . I have recommended this product to family and friends .
 I have used a Battery Tender Plus for sometime on my 2006 Honda S2000 and my car battery keeps on ticking . On a recent trip to the dealer for my wife 's car a 2009 Honda Accord , I was told I would need a new battery of course not under warranty . I told the dealer I would think on it!I went home an ordered another Battery Tender Plus , for the accord . The battery has been replaced and when the car is not in use its on the Battery Tender . With the electronics on cars today , it puts a big drain on the battery . The Battery Tender Plus alleviates that problem .
 Amazed at how small the tender is , just thought it would be larger.Had an an SAE plug installed on my motorcycle -LRB- Ducati Diavel -RRB- from the dealer that is hardwired to the battery . Simply use the SAE plug that comes right off the unit and plug it in and leave it.The Ducati battery tender is around 200 bucks , so I 'm certainly glad I looked around for something a lot more reasonable and likely more useable .
 Great product ... simple and easy to attach to the vehicle ... Checked prices with stores and Amazon had the best one ... Arrived in a timely manner and in great condition ... This will save me from replacing expensive car batteries in a vehiclethat only gets driven occasionally ...
 I had looked at the Harley Davidson battery tenders for the motorcycle I had just bought and was going to be storing this winter . The unit I bought here was much less expensive and does the same job . The beauty is that I just plug it in and leave it . It keeps my battery conditioned and charged and shuts off automatically when it senses the battery is full and starts up automatically only when it needs to . Plus it has several different connector types so I might even bring this home to use on my boat 's batteries before the season starts . Great little product and it 's easily small and light enough to transport
 I have used tenders on my vehicles for years ... from my motorcycles , scooters , lawn tractors and Jeep it keeps the battery charged without overcharging it . I use it for daily use as well , not just on the stuff I have that sits for long periods of time.Great seller and Amazon .
 Exactly what I was looking for , I use it on my collector car that 's stored for the winter . It 's made well , the cords are long enough and it comes with two kinds of attachment options ; alligator clips or a permanent attachment . Great warranty too .
 I did not need anything too fancy with buttons galore ... I just needed something to charge and maintain my AGM battery . This fits the bill perfectly . Nice and compact in size , and it comes with an assortment of attachment options . The price was right too . Reccommended .
 Charges fast any product you need to charge . My husband really likes this product . Would highly recommend . Very fast shipping . Excellent overall product .
 I have used a Battery Tender before on my motorcycles with good results . So I did not hesitate to purchase the Battery Tender Plus for my 2007 Mustang . This unit keeps the battery at the correct level of charge without hurting the computer in the car .
 Every time I roll back into the garage I plug in the Battery Tender using the permanent connection that is supplied with the unit . My batteries last me about 5 seasons doing this and it is a big , hard cranking motor . My buddies that do n't use a battery tender get two , maybe three seasons if they are lucky . With the price of a good battery hitting around $ 100 , this tender saves you money and guarantees your bike fries up fast by keeping the battery in top condition . Remember , this is a charger/conditioner , not just a charger that can actually ruin batteries . My opinion ? I ca n't see anyone going wrong using this battery tender .
 Real happy with this battery charger . Easy to hookup and with the new technology you can not over charge your battery . Also charger will alert you if hooked up wrong or not a good ground .
 I purchased two of these and both have met my expectations . Battery Tender Plus works as advertised and has a nice long guarantee .
 Great little machine . I use it in the winter on my truck and back up generator . Battery is always charged and machines always start first time up . Would not be with out one of these little machines .
 This battery charger does everything advertised . I mainly use it on tractors of various sizes , and so far it has done everything I 've needed it to .
 Ca n't beat the quality and performance of this charger . 5 year warranty , will never need it . Bought several of these for all of my toys with out any problems .
 The Battery Tender is the real deal ... it 's easy to use and does what it is supposed to do . It will keep your battery at peak charge without overdoing it and a simple indicator light will keep you informed of the battery status with just a quick look . Set it and forget it . The bottom line is that this is a great product and you will not find a lower price than Amazon .
 Every once in a while you find products that actually work well and provide a solution for real problems ; not some fancy-looking big-box store item with hyped-up display packaging that do n't actually work . For people who own more than one vehicle , especially ones with lots of built-in electronics which continue to drain your battery while the vehicle is not in use , you need to have one of these . A weak battery that falls below 50 % capacity -LRB- thereabouts -RRB- will not be rechargeable by normal charging systems and the battery will eventually fail . This device will keep your battery topped up when a vehicle is not used for extended periods . The car will also run better with a full battery . For me , I have a late model BMW and an older Dodge truck that I accidentally drained the battery by leaving the inside light on . I also no longer drive as much as I used to and then there 's Winter . The battery tender is keeping both batteries in optimum condition . Otherwise , it can get scary and expensive if you know your car has a weak battery and may not start when you have to come home from an outing .
 The battery charger works as advertised and does a good job of keeping my optima car battery at peak charged capacity without overcharging it . Amazon had the best price online at the time I purchased mine . Highly recommend this product .
 This was the second Battery Tender I purchased now that I own two classic Mopars ! Simply hook it up and forget it . BT is a great product and I could not find a price lower than Amazon .
 I bought this charger about 1 year ago and it has been a lifesaver . I use a 4 wheeler with a plow to keep my driveway clear . Since the 4 wheeler does n't have an alternator , it is very hard to keep a charge on the battery when starting in the cold -LRB- often way below 0 here in Alaska -RRB- and when running the plow with the electric winch . With the battery tender my battery stays charged enough to start the 4 wheeler even in the cold and has plenty of juice to run the plow all without me doing anything except remembering to plug it back in when I finish plowing !! So far the cords have held up well even in the extreme cold.This unit is very easy to install and use . Very worth the money !!
 The Battery Tender was recommended by a motorcycle group I belong to . You can get cheaper ones from the box stores and Wal-Mart . I did , and the cheap trickle charger ruined a one year old battery . It over charged it . I 'm not taking any more chances . It is rugged and comes with all the accessories . I leave the connectors attached to the battery and tuck the ends under the seat when I 'm riding . When I get home I pull them out and plug them into the charger . I have n't had mime long but I 've talked to others who have been using theirs for years .
 I bought this charger for my kid 's Power Wheels . It does an excellent job , and I feel confident that I can throw the battery on the charger and leave it there until they are ready to play . I do n't have to worry about overcharging . Its small and comes with all the cables you need .
 This is a great way to keep your ATV battery charged over the month your ATV is in the garage . Very simple to use , plug it in and forget about it .
 Attached this to my RV engine battery and it has charged up and maintained the battery . In the past when the RV is sitting in one place the drain on the battery would discharge it in a few weeks . My RV is 4 years old and this is my 3rd engine battery . I am expecting a much longer life with the Battery Tender .
 The Battery Tender has been performing as advertised . It is in continuous use in my garage.I am very satisfied and am considering purchasing another unit for another auto .
 I have tried other charges and the Battery Tender Plus is by far the easiest and most flexible charger I have owned . I have had trouble keeping the battery charged and ready to drive in my Shelby since I only drive it a couple of times a month -LRB- if I am lucky -RRB- . It allows me to keep my car cover on with the hood closed and the battery charged and ready to go . I have permanently attached the quick connect terminal harness to my battery cable screws . Now I simply unplug the charger from the wall , uncover my car , pop the hood , disconnect the quick connect , and start up the car . When I return , I pop the hood , run the quick connect cable from the charger under the windshield side of the hood and connect it to the permanently attached terminal harness , close the hood , cover the car , and plug the charger in the wall . I am then ready for the next time the sun is shining and I want to go for a drive . I recommend this to anyone who has a car they rarely drive and want to keep the battery charge .
 I got this for my Dad because he does n't drive his sports car during the winter . I got it so he would n't constantly have to deal with dead batteries and so he would not have to be replacing them all the time either . He used to start his car every so often during the winter and even then the battery would discharge -LRB- which is hard on batteries -RRB- . The Battery Tender works great to keep the battery charged without damaging it . You just hook it up and forget it . It charges the battery if needed then it maintains it safely . It is easy to use and it is small and light . I would definitely recommend this to any who does n't drive their car all the time or for someone who is looking for a quality battery charger/maintainer .
 I was tired of having a dead battery in my boat and frying batteries with battery chargers . This is the only way to go . It is expensive , about the cost of a new battery , but in the long run it will save you money , time and a lot of aggravation .
 I have a motocycle in storage for more than 6 months and the battery drained down to 5V . I bought this charger -LRB- good price , free shipping and it arrived in three days -RRB- and used it on my motorcycle . Unlike trickle charger , this charger has a four stage charging that does n't damage your battery . After 5 days of charging , the battery is brought back to live ! It is now showing 12.65 V on the meter and I was able to start up my motorcycle again . I am very happy with this charger and I highly recommend this charger to others .
 This battery charger works very well . I used it to maintain charged the battery for a 12 volt battery for my automobile during 3-4 months and performance has been excelent .
 I have a collection of Cars , trucks , lawn mowers new and old and a Farmall Cub tractor . I am in the process of trying to put one on each vehicle , I have a total of 7 and the chargers really help to save from replacing batteries . I also have a boat with three batteries . I have had a charger for about 6 years and they really save from having to recharge and go bad sooner . I would recommend them for many applications .
 I purchased this Battery Tender Plus to keep the battery charged on my 2002 Miata which is not driven all the time . I read the directions , hooked the charger up , plugged it in and let it do it 's thing . Solid red light came on . Ok so far so good . Battery is charging . A couple hours later red and green flashing light . Ok topping off charge . Next morning solid green light . Battery topped off and fully charged.I leave it hooked up and just check it everyday . Just remember to unhook the unit when you get ready to drive the car.I like the unit so much I bought another one to keep the battery charged up on my 59 Studebaker Hawk and my 69 VW Bus .
 I purchased the Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger to keep up the charge in my Miata when it was ` off season ' in the garage . It has solved the problem of a dead car battery . With the Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger the car battery is fully charged whenever I want to take ` Carlotta ' out for a spin on a clear , cold winter day .
 I bought a battery tender Jr & the BIG ONE , for cold weather in Pa.Cant really tell the difference , suggest the Jr unless you have specific needs .
 Got this for my HD before winter rolled in and so far it works great . It comes with two different cable connectors and have been using it to swap back and forth between a couple different batteries , so they all stay charged up for the winter . Price was great on Amazon . Wish I could comment more on how long the battery lasts , but so far I 'm impressed .
 this is the best battery maintainer you can buy , i looked up other battery maintainers and this one was rated very high , it may cost a little more than others but its worth it , I just hook it up using the cigarette lighter adapter -LRB- sold separately -RRB- and thats all .
 Great product , exactly what I was looking for ... Has Charged my ATV and Harley , Simple set up , minimuminstallation , just an awesome charger .
 I have a Battery Tender Plus on six different vehicles and it keeps all of the batteries up to full charge when the vehicle is not in use . In the past I used cheaper floats and after a period of time they would boil the battery dry and destroy it . I 've been using Battery Tender Plus 's for over a year and no problem . The indicator light tells exactly the condition of the battery at all times . It is still a smart idea to check the fluid level in batteries that can be checked . It works well on mat batteries also .
 Was always having trouble with battery going dead , even with a new battery in my `` Blue Sky Only '' driven Mustang GT . This Battery Tender Plus is great ! Keeps the charge and cycles just as advertised . Easy to hook up and plug in , either with permanent cord attachment on battery -LRB- which I did -RRB- or standard battery terminal clip attachment . Also purchhased the extension cord for more permanent set-up in my garage . A must investment for those of us who have cars driven only occasionally.gfs
 Had one already being used for the bike . Got another for the car ! No problems and works great . Highly recommend this equipment If living in a cold climate to avoid that dead battery in the spring !
 Great product at a good price . Easy ordering and delivery was faster than promised . Would n't hesitate to order again and would recommend it .
 Easy to use , easy to set up , long cords to reach under the hood and working exactly how I hoped
 This product is exactly what I was looking for . It does what it says it does , does it well and without difficulty . Highly recommended .
 I used my first one for 3 years . I liked it so much I decided to by another for additional equipment .
 This product worked out very well for me . It has been a life saver for me . Iam in the process of bying another one
 Great product . I use it to keep my tractor and motorcycle batteries charged up . Its been doing the job for me .
 You can find other models that are cheaper , but this model works well and is `` the '' brand for quality car battery chargers .
 I got it plugged it in and it charged my battery back up to full in half an hour.No problems at all.Recomend it to all .
 Works better than a conventional charger . Will not overcharge and can be left connected indefinitely . This will prevent early battery failure in vehicles that are not used regularly .
 A very handy little product that does a great job of charging batteries and keeping them topped off.I have numerous other battery chargers . Some will refuse to start charging a battery because the battery is drained too much . Some charge the battery to a certain extent but do n't quite seem to get it full - that 's fine for just adding some juice to the battery in your car , but for my use -LRB- using car batteries as a 12V power source in the field -RRB- I prefer the batteries to be optimally charged . This little gem does a great job of that .
 I 've had many trickle chargers over the years , but this one is the bomb . No more over charging and frying your batteries . I have four of them . Two for my boat , one for my generator , and one for my tractor . Great product .
 This is my second battery tender , the first one was for a 6 volt battery and it works great . I have a new car with all the electronics etc. . I only have 6000 miles on it after a year and a half , well the replace battery light came on , took it to the dealer they said that I was not driving it enough . It was fixed under warrantee , dealer said that they charge $ 600 dollars for a replacement GEEZ ! Any way installed the Battery Tender Plus and it works great !
 Used this to charge my 2000 F150 battery that sat mostly idle outside during the winter here in Montana . It was really simple to use , and since I did n't need my truck instantly , I allowed it to trickle charge for 3-4 days . After the light indicated it was ready , I installed the battery back into the truck and had an instant start . I used my truck for the next 3 days and started every time with the battery indicating everything was normal . Great price and great tool .
 Works great . Now I do n't have to worry about my bike not starting . Reasonable price and would recommend this product .
 I KEEP THESE ON ALL 9 OF MY VEHICLES . A FEW OF THEM HAVE QUIT WORKING AFTER 2 YEARS OR SO OF USE AND I JUST BUY REPLACEMENT UNITS . I GOT ONE AT BATTERIES PLUS LOCALLY AND WHEN I PLUGGED IT IN , IT SMOKED AND SMELLED OF BURNING WIRES AND DID NOT WORK . THIS RETAILER , AT FIRST , TOLD ME TO SEND IT TO THE MANUFACTURER FOR REPAIRS ; SAID HE WOULD NOT TAKE IT BACK . `` HEY , I JUST BOUGHT THIS FROM YOU YESTERDAY , THERE IS ANOTHER ONE SITTING RIGHT THERE ON THE SHELF , AND YOU WO N'T TAKE THE BAD ONE BACK '' ???? NO ! `` SEND IT FOR REPAIRS '' ! BAD STORE POLICY , BAD SHOPPING EXPERIENCE FOR SURE ! I HAD TO POSE AN ARGUMENT THAT AMAZON WOULD HAVE HAPPILY REPLACED THE UNIT WITHOUT A PROBLEM AND I WAS SORRY I PURCHASED IT FROM THEM . I FINALLY GOT THE MANAGER TO REPLACE IT , BUT IT WAS AN UNNECESSARY HASSLE AND AGGRAVATION . SHAME ON BATTERIES PLUS FOR A LOUSY POLICY -- WE GOT YOUR MONEY , NOW GET LOST IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM ??? SO , I WISH TO NOW FOCUS ON AMAZON.COM . THEY ARE A GREAT PLACE TO SHOP AND I FEEL SAFE IN KNOWING THEY STAND BEHIND WHAT THEY SELL AND I AM SAYING MORE AND MORE , WHY WOULD ANYBODY GO INTO STORES TO SHOP , AND HAVE TO DEAL WITH UNCARING TEENAGERS OFFERING NO SERVICE , AND TALKING ON THEIR CELL PHONES -LRB- HAVE SEEN THIS OFTEN -RRB- RATHER THAN TENDING TO THE CUSTOMERS IN FRONT OF THEM , NOT WANTING TO DEAL WITH ANY BUYING PROBLEMS , AND MOSTLY NOT KNOWING ANYTHING ABOUT THE GOODS THEY ARE SELLING . AMAZON ALSO OFFERS THEIR SUPER SAVER FREE SHIPPING ON MANY ITEMS MAKING THEM A BETTER VALUE TO SHOP FROM . THE CUSTOMER REVIEWS WILL WEED OUT LOW QUALITY PRODUCTS . ALWAYS READ THE REVIEWS . WAY TO GO , AMAZON ! BACK TO THE BATTERY TENDER , I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE UNITS TO KEEP YOUR VEHICLES `` READY TO GO '' . WELL MADE AND MOST OF THE TIME , THEY WORK WELL .
 This item is just what I was looking for nice way to keep batteries charged .
 Doe 's what it says . I have three cars in storage and have not had a problem .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00068XCQU/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI have several batteries that I need to maintain -LSB- 8 -RSB- . It is easy to move from one location to another.Just leave and forget about it , will not harm battery or overcharge . Batteries will last much longer if maintained with this charger .
 Bought this because my car sits for weeks at a time and then wo n't start . The charger took almost a full day to charge it initially because the battery was almost dead . Indicator lights are helpful to determine status . This works great and took the worry out of winter car starting .
 Great product . This is my 3rd one , car , trailer and generator . Batteries are always charged and ready to go .
 I bought this , `` the second one , as my buddy wo n't give my old one back '' , on Amazon for 30 something $ $ . . It Does not matter , I 'd pay $ 75 without blinking a eye . . It , Keeps my Harley fully charged , Tractor , and Even my SUV after the security system coughed and left the lights on all night . . 2 hour 's at 1.25 amps and it started without a whine . . Sometimes , and this is one , you find a product that just performs the way it should . Real Easy to hook up , it 's really a no brainer . . and If you hook it up wrong , it knows and will protect itself and the battery you want to charge up . . Also , it 's so small , You could keep it in you glove box and have it for those though times on the road when you know the battery is on last legs and you just need another day or two out of it . . Plug in to any 100-120 outlet , the Standard House Plug and give it a couple hours and off you go . . Ther are others that compare but I have not had them so this ones for me ... You really ca n't go wrong . .
 This is a great product that is made by a company that takes care of it customers . The warranty speaks for the pride this company has in what they make .
 Read reviews on many chargers before buying the Deltran Supersmart Battery tender . Could n't have made a better choice . Easy to set up , and works just like they tell you . So if you have a vehicle that only gets driven once in a while . This unit is a smart choice for the money .
 Set-up was a breeze and so far , about 8 weeks , it is performing as advertised
 This charger is only about the size of half a small masonry brick -- not car battery size like my dad 's Craftsman that I used to borrow . I like this MUCH better , plus you really ca n't beat the price on Amazon . Go get one !
 This item is a life saver . It 's comforting to know that your car will start when you have n't run it for a few weeks . No need to waste gas to run the car ` just to keep the battery charged . ' I recommend it hightly for anyone who has an extra car that is n't run frequently . Very simple to use .
 I owned one for several years and paid 2X the amount.Like it so well purchased another for another battery.Use all winter without unplugging.Have not had to replace a battery yetAlways have good business with Amazon .
 Love the battery minder . I have had a charger and used it for many years to keep my Travel Trailer battery charged through the winter . I would always leave it on forever as I would forget and it would overcharge or I would forget to put it on the charger . With the battery minder I connect it snd do n't have to worry about it all winter .
 I own seven of these tenders , and have them on everything from lawn mowers and motorcycles to steet rods and motorhome . I have n't bought a battery in ten years , and the batteries are always up when I need them . They are never overcharged . These tenders have paid for themselves over and over again . Also , if one does happen to die , Deltran stands behind it 's ten year warranty .
 This is a great charger and just what I was looking for . I could n't believe how compact in size it is . The quick connect cables are a great feature . This would be perfect for cold climates where it is necessary to have a fully charged battery in the winter . The auto trickle charge means you can hook it up and forget it without fear of damaging your battery .
 There are so many battery chargers to choose from . After much research , I decided to go with Deltran . But even then , Deltran offers many models , plus accessories . I called Deltran for help , without any expectation . The customer service rep was friendly and professional . She walked me through the selection , and explained what each accessory was designed for . With her help , I concluded that I did not need any accessory -LRB- except one extension cord , which I already have -RRB- . The charger is very easy to use , compact and light weight . The cables are long enough to reach the battery easily . My car has been in storage for a while , yet the charge time is rather short . I am happy . With a 10-year warranty , I feel assured .
 Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender Plus 12-Volt 1.25 AMP Battery ChargerThis product is working as advertised . I have it connected to -LRB- 2 -RRB- batteries in my boat that is in storage . Last year I had to replace both of these batteries because I did not use a Battery tender over the winter . I expect this inexpensive device to extend the life of these -LRB- 2 -RRB- very expensive batteries .
 The Battery Tender is really great - cycles the battery as if the car is being driven . This is my second one and I haghly recommend it .
 The Battery Tender Plus is very compact and easy to use . The terminal lug quick connect cable is convenient allowing the unit to be connected and disconnected in a second - a great feature when you use or move the vehicle . The only downside is that the cabling from the battery to the charger could be a bit longer .
 This product works very well as a trickle charger to keep your car battery up during the winter , or for a quicker charge in the event that your battery gets so low that you ca n't start you car . The procedure is identical but both situations can be remedied with the same device . I charged a very low battery in about a day and a half and keep it connected to another car battery in a car that is only driven on heavy snow days .
 Works as advertised . I should have bought one to use a long time ago . Well worth the expense .
 I went to Kona Hawaii for threes weeks and the battery tender did its job . When I returned my car started right up with no problem . The first time I returned after three weeks my battery was dead . Yes it was the same battery . Very easy to use .
 My van has a continuous drain on its battery and the Battery Tender Plus has been an inexpensive and easy fix to my problem . Initially it took the Battery Tender Plus about 50 hours to charge the drained battery of my van . Since then I 've had no problems starting my van and I hook it up to the Battery Tender one day a week to keep up with the battery drain . I am very happy with this product .
 Purchased it for charging my new bike during its winter storage . Did lots of research before deciding not to go with the CAN bus based charger but this . Everything worked as mentioned . I am happy as my garage queen 's happy .
 I use this battery tender on all my toys . I had an expensive marine battery that I thought had bit the dust . I attempted to charge it back up with an inferior battery charger from Home Depot , but it would n't hold a charge . I hooked up the battery tender and after a few hours it was holding a perfect charge and cranked right up in the boat . I went back and bought another one for my lawn mower . When global warming hit and the temp dropped to 9 degrees in our Southern state , my 5 year old car battery decided to stop working properly . Before buying a new battery , I hooked up the tender just to see if I could get it going again . Left it on the charger overnight and the next day it started right up . If you have any toys that sit for any period of time , then you should own one of these .
 At the end of last year I got a company car to drive to work . This was great except I started to notice that my now weekend driver was starting to show signs of a weak battery . So I bought the Battery Tender Plus . I have been using it for two months now and my GTO starts with authority . I bought this maintainer because some of the cheaper ones out there can actually do damage to you battery by over charging it . A co-worker bought a different float charger from a certain retail tool store that sells 95 % China stuff -LRB- H **** r F ***** t -RRB- and instead of saving his battery he had to buy a new one.The Battery Tender Plus has a metal case . It also comes with clips and a small harness to connect to your battery so all you have to do is plug it in . It does not get hot when maintaining the battery .
 This is the one you want . wire in the pig tails to your battery & you instantly have a quick connect/disconnect . Plug it in & forget it . Its been on my car off & on for the past 2 years . -LRB- I do n't drive it in the winter -RRB- No problems at all !!
 I purchased the Battery Tender Plus in December of 2009 because I would be out of the country for a month and a half . I do not have any neighbors or relatives I would entrust to start my summer car . I hooked this up in my garage to my car and when I came back the green light on the Tender Plus was on just like I left it ! Also the car started so much better ! Very impressive . Some of the best money I have ever spent.Also last year during winter I would take my summer car out of the garage every 1.5 or so weeks to ensure the battery was not dead . This year I can leave it garaged much longer without driving it . Garage Queen Recommended !
 I was introduced to the battery tender through a TV show on Speed Network . The item was presented as a method of charging the battery of a car in storage without the deterioration that results from most trickle chargers . I bought this product for my wife 's summer car , a convertible that is the Garage Queen through the winter months . The Battery Tender was simple to install , but more importantly , it is easy for her to disconnect if she wants to take spin on a nice winter day . The quick disconnect fit through the grill work and was easily secured with plastic snap ties . The main unit is very small and has a long AC power cord . The DC side has the quick disconnect in the middle and includes a cap to keep out the road grime on the car side of the cord . The price through Amazon beat all the local outlets that I checked before I made the purchase . If your battery is located near the back of the engine compartment you may want to consider the optional 6 ' extension for the DC side .
 This is great ! I have had one of these hooked up to my 2003 Harley Davidson Fat Boy every winter . I am still on the same battery , and it 's 2010 ! I just leave the leads on the battery , so I do n't have to remove the battery all the time -LRB- if you have a Harley , you know why -RRB- . I just plug it in , and leave it plugged in all winter . It greatly improved battery life on my last motorcycle as well ! I bought a second one to hook up to my Jet Ski and lawn tractor .
 I have used this tender for about a month now as of 2/7/2010 and it operates like its supposed to . I installed one extension on my motorcyle -LRB- it comes with a bolt on and a clamp on extension -RRB- and used the extenson with the clamps for my lawnmower . I should have bought the tender that maintains two batteries at once but oh well ! I have to swap out between the two batteries that require attention .
 I was tired of my RV batteries not correctly maintaining charge . Had used other `` Bargain Brand '' chargers with poor results . Seems to be working fine . I use it to maintain two 6 volt batteries wired in series . I am monitoring the price of this item and plan to buy another if and when the price drops . -LRB- Easy to do if you leave one in your Amazon Cart.Steve
 I bought this battery charger to keep the car battery charged on our vehicle at our vacation home . This unit is great . It keeps the battery in perfect shape and ready to go . It 's easy to use , compact and dependable .
 This product is perfect for trolling motors . Its cycles are perfect and when I get to the lake the battery is ready to go . Do the resaerch then buy this unit . You wo n't be dissappointed !
 This one charges fast & indicates what the status of the charge is including when it 's finished charging . Fully automated so you do n't have to worry about overcharging . I recommend this line of chargers to friends & would buy this model again . It 's better than my current very similar Yuasa 1.5 amp charger that never indicates that the charge is complete no matter how long I leave it connected .
 This is the best product of its type on the market . I 've gone through 2 other brand float chargers and they were not reliable . This company appears to have gotten it right .
 This is a great charger . I purchased it to charge the 12V 8AH UPS batteries I use in my boat and it did a great job . It even revived UPS battery that the UPS reported as failed . I leave a battery hooked up to it for weeks so I always have a fresh one to use , no problem . It has the intelligence to switch between charge and float to maintain the battery at full charge without damage.It does n't do rapid charging , but that 's not why I got it.It 's simple , but works great and as advertised . Recommended !
 Since I purchased my Battery Tender Plus , about two months ago , it has never been turned off . I continually charge two batteries , one is a tractor battery on my John Deere 3720 , and the other is my deep cycle RV battery . I switch back and forth between them , and they also have a great charge.The until seems to cycle through the charging stages , as indicated by the indicator lights , and the unit never seems to get hot at all . It makes no humming sound , as I have heard with some chargers , and it seems like a very good quality unit overall.The supplied leads work well , clamp on to battery posts securely , and are a good length.This is a great little product .
 I have the Battery Tender maintaining the charge on a Riding Lawnmower battery . And I really have not had it long enough to use the mower since I put it on . But Ilook forward to coming back to a charged battery . It was 40 deg . here last nite.And the Tender will keep me from bringing the battery inside for the Winter .
 I purchased the Battery Tender Plus about 1 year ago , and I use it on a regular basis . I can tell you this product works perfectly and it could n't be easier to use!I specifically got it to maintain the battery on a late model BMW that 's not driven much . A key factor was finding something that would not damage newer cars sensitive electronics , and this charger works perfectly -LRB- it also looks just like the BMW OEM charger ... for a lot less money -RRB- . Not only does it work great on new cars , I 've also used this charger to bring dead car batteries back to life -LRB- and also loaned to friends for this purpose -RRB- . It 's simply a great product , very satisfied !
 This is great for anyone who has a `` weekend warrior '' car . Just install it on the battery for those long winters and never worry about having to charge the battery in the spring . Permanent install is nice also , and easy to connect with the one-way connectors . No way you could screw it up !!
 Just ordered my third one . Have two others that I have used on Lawn Tractor and Bike for the last two years , this one will go on sports car -LRB- two feet of snow and 6 '' of ground clearance do n't work , neither does a big V-Twin Crusier !! -RRB- . These things work great , have n't had ANY problems starting anything since using these little gems !
 Each customer may bring onboard one personal item -LRB- purse , briefcase , laptop , etc. -RRB- plus one carry-on bag.Your personal item must not exceed 18 &#34; L -LRB- 45.72 cm -RRB- x 15 &#34; W -LRB- 38.1 cm -RRB- x 8 &#34; H -LRB- 20.32 cm -RRB- in order to fit under the seat in front of you.To fit in the overhead bin , your item must not exceed
 I initially purchased this to try to revive/recharge a dead car battery . I had no knowledge of car battery chargers , and was just looking for the best and ` smartest ' chargers . So I stumbled upon this one and with so many positive reviews I bought it.I come to find out if the battery does not hold a certain voltage -LRB- if the battery is really really low -RRB- , this smart charger will not accept the battery to recharge . In my case , it would not start to recharge the dead car battery . I did n't have a voltmeter so I could not check what it was at . Instead I bought a manual charger -LRB- Schumacher SE-1 Trickle Manual Battery Charger - 1 Amp -RRB- to revive the battery just enough so the Smart charger can recognize it for recharging . It did revive the battery , and this Trickle charger definitely charged it fully in about 1-2 days.I also did a recharge for another car battery that was at about 60 % . It recharged fully overnight.I plan to recharge my car battery -LRB- which is at 50 % -RRB- when I get the other car out of the garage : -RRB- Definitely having a great experience with this charger !
 This battery charger is a staple tool in my garage because it is ideal for a number of applications such as charging my home generators and car battery .
 The Battery Tender is the best Product . It keeps your car charged up while not in use and car starts immediately . Also can be used to charge a battery in case if car has not been in use or driven . Within in few hours Battery is fully charged if one is not in a hurry . The best help if one has several cars or a car collection this will keep them charged so car is ready to drive whenever you want to drive it or them . Can not be without it . Put one on every car for a car collection . This is the best product ever . Lasts for years . Have 4 of them.Received Battery Tender in two days from Amazon , great service .
 This is a good little charger . . no bullcrap . . you just plug it in and it kicks butt . . i like it : - -RRB-
 So far so good . It works as easy as Apple Pie . Find a nice stable spot & plug it in w/the extended hook-up cord . There are only 4 LED lights to be concerned with . Look directly on the back of the unit & just wait . In no time you 're fully charged . Now , every time I enter the garage area , I take a quick peek , & I see the steady bright green light & I know I 'm good to go . Have n't touched my '84 ` Vette in 3 weeks now , but I know one thing , there wo n't be any problems starting this bad boy next time , unlike other times it 's a crapshoot after letting these parasitic draw specialties sit w/o one of these units . Quite frankly I do n't know what took me so long to get one . This unit seems like a life saver . Aggravation is now gone . Buy this one & you 're all set .
 I have had this charger for just over a month and have to say it does what it 's suppose to do , Charge batteries unattended . I have not left it on for more than a day so I ca n't say how it will perform over the winter . I have four batteries that I will be charging all winter so I will be switching the charger to each battery not leaving it on just one all the time . Not sure if I really needed this more expensive one but I am happy so far .
 Living on a farm I have many pieces of equipment that is not used every day and this unit keeps the batteries topped up so when I need the equipment it is ready to go . Also it keeps my second truck charged up during the winter .
 The battery tender came on time and I hooked it up right away , It provides a slow charge and the indicator light let me know how far along the charge is . I feel confident now knowing the battery of my car I use very seldom is is be charged when I want to use it . I am glad I bought it .
 I purchased my Battery Tender Plus to keep my ATV battery charged while gone for the summer . I was having a problem charging the starting batteries for my diesel pusher motor home with a larger charger , they would n't come up to a full charge.I thought what the heck , I 'll try the little `` Tender '' and see if it works . It did , full charge over night and these are two very large 12v batteries in series . I 'm so happy with that , I ordered a second Battery Tender for my ATV , the first one is traveling with us in the motor home .
 A great little charger . You can leave it on the battery without harming the battery . I use it for my RV and marine battery .
 I do n't know what I 'd do without the Deltran Battery Tender . I use it mainly to ensure my car battery is charged in the Winter , but there are many uses for it . If you do n't have one , you 're making a huge mistake - take it from me ! There are numerous uses for it and I have used it on Lawnmowers , Edgers and Weed Wackers . I would n't be without it !
 Hooked it up to my motorcycle and it worked great ! Conditioned my battery and kept it fully charged and ready for riding season .
 I 've used this to maintain the reduced size battery in my project truck that is rarely driven . I 've never had a startup issue while I 've had this hooked up and the battery is still in great condition . I 'm very happy I went with the Deltran name .
 I love this charger . It is the second one I 've purchased . This price was the best out there , great value .
 I had ordered the battery tender for one of our cars , to keep the battery charged while we were away for an extended period of time . In the mean time the battery on a car we had not used for some months was dead . We put the tender on that car and by the following morning the battery was fully charged and we were good to go . I now have one of these units at both of our homes .
 I have 4 battery tenders for my many rv , boat , ATV etc. batteries . I have experienced greatly extended life for these batteries . I keep my off season batteries on a tender constantly over the winter , and the batteries are ready to go in the spring . I am sure the extended life of these expensive batteries have more than paid for the battery tenders.Great product .
 Item was shipped quickly and is working fine maintaining the motorcycle battery . Heard nothing but praise about the Battery Tender that is why I purchased it .
 Works real good . Easy to install of course , just hook it up to the terminals and you 're good to go . Keeps my batter nice and juiced .
 This is my second one . A dead battery is a huge pain.this easy to use product keep the battery fully charged when not in regular use
 Have n't used it yet . This is my second -RRB- additional one.The same model works great ! Batteries will be ready anytime I need them .
 I bought this charger to keep the battery on my XL1200C charged and ready to go any time . It works great , even when the temp drops outside and the battery wants to die this keeps it ready to go .
 I have had one of these in my garage for years and must say it does n't disappoint . I 'll get a new one soon just because mine is starting to look a little worn out but it 's still kicking .
 This is the best way to go if you do n't use your vehicle for a extended time.The battery tender is the best , Have used one for the last 10 years on my motorcyclestill has the orginal battery in it .
 I 've only had the Tender for a few weeks , but so far it works great and does what it 's supposed to do . It comes with all the wiring you should need . They thought of everything and it is very user friendly .
 Really Needed To Purchase This Product 2 Years Ago . . Works great and the service I received From Amazon was 1st class ...
 Although I have n't had the Battery Tender long , if it continues to perform as it has so far , I will quite pleased with my purchase . It is comforting to know that the `` tender '' is compensating for the little parasitic leakages that otherwise drain my boat battery and thereby keeping it at full charge , ready to go .
 My second Plus charger . Do a great job and last a long time . Need to be careful wrapping the cord around the machine because the cord cracks with time .
 I own a couple of vehicles which sit in the garage more than they are driven . The Battery Tender keeps me ready to go anytime .
 I do not drive my car much , due to my health and also the weather . This device is a really handy , easy to use , safe device to keep my battery charged full without harming it . I can go a week or two without driving the car in cold weather months , and this keeps the battery at 100 % full charge until I need to drive the car.It is lightweight but well made . The non spark cables and other built in safety devices are what make this company 's products popular . I would recommend it to anyone who has a battery in or outside of their car , mnotorcycle or other vehicle who wants to keep their battery healthy and safe when not in use .
 Works great and no problems . Extra cables included are nice and cables are of the correct length tp easily connect to the battery from a work bench .
 It is easy to understand the instruction . It keeps the battery is a vacation home car working when I am gone for a few months .
 I use Battery Tender Plus on my two motorcycles -LRB- BMW 's -RRB- and my Vespa . I also use the Battery Tender Jr on my 69 Camaro . None of them have ever let me down . You need to check lead acid batteries for water , but that 's it . They keep your batteries fully charged and ready to use your vehicle or motorcycle . Excellent product .
 This is a great little tender I plug in to my motorcyle when it 's parked . It has kept the battery up , a real necessity as I have an on-board computer that slowly drains the battery.This is one of those items I 'd want to purchase several of & keep one on my car , one on my truck , one on my tractor ... you get the idea.Highly recommended .
 It 's great to have a fully charged battery ! All I have to do is remember to hook it up . 5 star rating
 I bought this to maintain the battery on my riding lawn mower over winter . I attached the ring terminal harness to my mower battery and connected the charger . The charger appears to function as advertised . I will judge its effectiveness based on how well the mower starts up this spring .
 The very best ! Just unpack and pu it to work . Battery is always ready . Works excellent in cold weather also . Always have a battery ready to use . Lots of great features
 Works perfectly - I have used these in the past . Old one lasted over 7 years - then I hit it by accident
 I use this on my boat that has two batteries . Keeps my batteries all charged up and ready to go play . I LOVE battery tenders !
 I have a car that never gets driven as my wife and I carpool to work . This product works great to charge the battery and keep is charged without doing any damage.One thing to note
 I have a vehicle I drive once a month and could not keep the battery charged . this units keeps it topped up all the time and I never have a problem with starting now .
 Came with everything I needed to hook up to my BMW K1600GTL . Must hook up directly to battery because of the cam bus system used , not allowing you to use the power ports for charging . Took 15 minutes to install .
 Deltran Battery Tender Plus does what it says . Charges and maintains batteries in cars , trucks , motorcycles , etc. . . Compact and easy to use . Easy to read lights . Comes with pig tail adapter option for quick connection .
 I maintain numerous batteries for vehicles and and emergency communications equipment . Easy to use & does the job without worrying about over charge and battery damage .
 after trying several chargers for my camper battery , I bought this gem and found it to be very well constructed and very efficient.excellent value
 Charged an old battery that was laying around . Took a few days but it worked . I suspect that this would not be the best charger if you really had a dead battery , to low of amperage .
 I work from home and my car only gets driven about twice a week . This charger is highly recommended . It keeps my battery charged and works great . We just plug it in overnight and it 's ready to go .
 Have a vehicle that is driven infrequently and the battery kept going dead . Did not want to disconnect the battery since the car has all the electronic equipment plus the car alarm . Did some research and asked some mechanic friends about a ` trickle charger ' and they recommended the ` Battery Tender ' . It was extremely easy to hook up and I 've not had a dead battery since installation .
 This battery tender is well worth the price . It took less than 5 minutes to connect to the car and has worked perfectly . When I got it , my battery was not able to start the car , and within a day , it was fully charged . We have had temperatures ranging from the low 60s down to the teens , and the battery tender has maintained the battery fully charged , and the car has been able to start immediately every 2 weeks or so . I highly recommend this battery tender for anyone who has a car stored over long periods of time .
 I read all the other reviews and bought one of these little babies . It 's not the chargers of old . It is a little baby size charger . Things have sure be made smaller through the years . As per other reviews it works fine . .
 I 'm using the Battery Tender on my RV battery . I thought the battery was completely dead , but the Battery Tender worked PERFECTLY and revived it . My battery and the Battery Tender cycled through a series of red and green lights -LRB- described in the directions -RRB- and now my battery is sitting , fully charged waiting for me to use it in the spring . It took a couple of days to fully charge . It is very easy to use . Read the directions , attach the Battery Tender to the battery , plug it in and it works !
 I 've been using this for over a month now and it has worked perfectly . I also purchased extra extension cables and a cigarette lighter adapter so I can move it between cars or my tractor as needed .
 I received the product in a very reasonable amount of time and in perfect condition . I have used Battery Tender products for many years and this new , improved version has worked very well for me . Anyone who lives in a region where it gets cold in the winter and you have cars , motorcycles , riding mowers , or any other equipment that has a battery that sits idle over the winter should consider using a Battery Tender . This very well-engineered piece of equipment , contrary to its ' appearance , is a highly sophisticated , well engineered electronic accessory . I have researched the issue , and I have found that the Battery Tender brand has been designed to keep your battery at a perfect level of charge without overcharging or using any unnecessary electricity . You can make your batteries last easily twice as long by using the Battery Tender over the winter . I use this item all of the time , even in the summer . I have a collector car , and this prevents me from having a dead battery if I do n't drive the car for a week or two , due to the drain on the battery from the security system . I also use 2 other Battery Tenders for motorcycles . I have never had a failure of these chargers to have my battery in perfect working order while using this product and I highly recommend it .
 I use this on a collector car to keep the battery , and me , happy . It really is set it up and forget it . It comes with some battery adapters that I did n't need , but nice to know they were there . I just used the alligator clips , plugged it in and it went to work . It first goes into charge mode and then into monitor mode once the batter is fully charged . I used it all last winter and just put it back on the car for this winter . This tender and a bottle of Stabil for the tank and you 're good to go for winter .
 This is the second unit I have purchased , they are all they claim to be and more.I have used it on Motorcycles , auto 's including trucks and boat 's . A great unit , small , compact and very reliable .
 I ordered this product after doing a lot of research . I usually spend a month overseas every year and always find my car battery dead on my return.Before leaving for an overseas trip this June , I plugged this charger to the batteries . The red light indicates the batteries are charging and the green light indicates they are charged . When i came back after a month , my van started without any problem . This was a great buy .
 It is early , but so far the Battery Tender is working well . I have a stored car that I have had to start weekly or it would burn through batteries . Now , with the battery tender , I do n't have to think about a regular restart . The battery is always charged when it is drwan down slightly . Product works as advertised.Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger
 I bought this for my 1996 Harley and found this to be the best battery tender . It works great and keeps my battery conditioned over a long Pennsylvania winter ! When spring comes my bike 's battery is ready to go . I have owned this product for about 2 years and it is great . It is so simple to use and has the connections necessary to use on different batteries . My uncle ended up buying this exact one for his tractor and trolling motor on his boat . He is also impressed by the quality !
 This charger works great . I use it on 3 motorcycle batts , 1 trolling motot batt , and a regular car batt that I am storing . Not all at once of course .
 No complaints works as advertised . I used a few times already to charge my 12V battery then used for tailgating . Nice feature is light gauge that tells you when it is charging , when its at 80 percent and then when it is fully charged . Do n't get suckered into buying a cheap alternative . I did and it broke second time I used it so that is why I went with this .
 I purchase my Battery Tender Plus chargers from Amazon . I have one on my motorcycle , one on my tractor and I just gave my neighbor one for his new Harley . The Battery Tenders keep batteries up to max charge without over charge and give several years of extra life to batteries . I also had to get a replacement while under warrenty and had no problem . You ca n't go wrong with a Battery Tender .
 The BT plus was easy to hook up.I used the permenant wiring not the alligator clips.I have two cars that are only driven once or twice a month and the ease of hook up and the plain to see lights keeps me from having to charge the Battery with the alternator . Well worth the price.I also like the float factor so there is no worries on over charging .
 my brother just changed out the battery that came with his then new 2001 Harley Davidson Road King after 11 years of using a Battery Tender Plus on it 24/7 when parked in his garage . The battery was still starting the bike but with a slight hesitation . Pretty much all the proof I need . Due to his success I have been using the Battery Tender Plus on my 2009 Honda ST1300 since new , and I checked the battery just today and it is in excellent condition going on 4 years
 The product was delivered quickly and works as advertised . I would add that this may be my last time buying this brand . No reflection on the seller but on the brand . I 've had so-so luck with them in the past . When they work they 're great but I 've had two fail on me in the past after less use then I would anticipate . Trying one more time but unless this one works for a longer period of time I would not buy again .
 I own Four of these . I could n't imagine the number of motorcycle and boat batteries I would be buying without these . My boat sits for months at a time and when I am ready to use it the batteries are charged and ready to go . The same goes for our off-road toys . The only reason I bought this one , is my last one for the boat magically disappeared at a repair shop . These little chargers pay for themselves .
 This is my first charger and have two vehicles and one or the other never seems to have enough battery power to start one of the cars in the winter after sitting for awhile . Each year the dealer checks the batteries to be sure they can withstand another winter . Even though I live in South Carolina , we do have cold weeks at times and in the summer I pull a very hot car in thetwo car garage and so both cars bake with heat and in the winter , just the opposite . This is very hard on any battery , so if they fail it is always on a very cold day . I have used the charger on both cars and the cycle of the four steps works as advertised on both vehicles . One car has a sealed battery and one is not and the charger works just as advertised and goes into the storage mode within a couple of days . I am retired and neither vehicle gets much use . I would recommend using the clamps thatscrew onto the battery terminal if any children are present the clamp on option is very slick , no teeth to grab onto the terminals firmly . I had a question and called the customer number and the answer was immediate and the customer rep. could not have been nicer . I highly recommend this product .
 I use this battery tender for two batteries . I have an AC-DELCO Professional for my truck and the original Yuasa battery for my 2007 FJR1300 . It definitely takes longer to charge these batteries than the charger I replaced -LRB- schumacher -RRB- it with . The battery tender charges quickly to 80 % and then very slow after that , but it is expected by the way it charges -LRB- ie maintains constant voltage after 80 % and as battery voltage comes closer to charger output voltage , current goes down -RRB- . No problems with the battery charger switching to float mode as reported by a few other users . Compared to the schumacher , the Battery tender is a far superior product .
 I use this to keep the battery charged on my motorcycle during the off season . No problems or complaints whatsoever .
 I have used Battery Tenders before . I have two musclecars which I store in my garage for the winter months . This idle time is hard on batteries . Battery Tenders extend the life of the battery . These newer models have a battery charger built into them , where as the older models just maintained the battery . I leave the tenders connected to the car batteries all winter , and in the spring , I have plenty of battery volts to start the cars . They were packaged well , and both units are working great so far . I have had them about a month and a half now . With the attachment cables that are furnished with the unit , either temporary or permanent connections can be made to the battery being maintained .
 I 've got two bikes that I alternate riding
 I have serveral of these devices already keeping watch on several pieces of equipment and their batteries . They work great and never boil out the battery . Planning on buying one more for my son and his motorcycle that goes into storage during the winter months .
 The Battery Tender is an excellent answer to the problem of storing a car for more than a couple of weeks without running down the battery completely . I have used one for several years for a car I keep garaged in Florida all summer . It seems the latest direction for cars is more microprocessors on board that must have some electrical input -LRB- drain -RRB- constantly . Most auto companies -LRB- and dealers -RRB- seem to have little idea of this problem . Porsche is the only car company that seems to understand that this is a problem and offers its own battery tender at a strong price -LRB- $ 100 + -RRB- . So , the Battery Tender solves the long term drainage problem at a very fair price . It is easy to hook up on a permanent basis with a simple plug to connect and disconnect . I am not mechanically interested/inclined and found this device easy to use . I purchased a second one for my Toyota Highlander which has lost one battery already due to drainage ; but no more !
 It takes only 30 seconds to hook up once the pigtail has been installed . I checked the 3 stage charging with a voltmeter . It does just as the mfg. says it does .
 I love this thing , it plugs in with ease and does its duty . I have a prima donna racecar that I am building and my optima battery sits and sits . During those months , this little charger does its duty and makes sure that my battery has a charge and auto disables when it doesnt need anymore charge . Need I say more ? Its an awesome little charger for the price and think that any gear-head needs at least one in the garage .
 No complaints , works as advertised ! Good investment for battery maintenance especially when a car is in storage or not used frequently .
 This is exact replica to the BMW `` logo '' trickle charger , except way cheaper . I used it to charge my dead battery ... it took about 20 hours but it works . This is designed to maintain a full charge if you do not use your car a lot . It works well . I hook the trickle charger on to my `` weekend car '' and forgot it . Two weeks later my Battery cranked a six cylinder 3.2 liter engine under a 20 degree Fahrenheit temperature immediately ! All lead acid batteries do loose charge if not used . However , maintaining a full charge does not impact the longevity of a lead acid battery . Excellent choice for weekend drivers .
 I have a Cadillac XLR that mostly sits in the garage . After 2 weeks of no use I got in to start and battery was dead and door locks were dead and so I was trapped in car in my garage . Cadillac road service was prompt and freed me but I did n't want a repeat performance . The battery charger works as advertised . It took about 24 hours to charge the first time but I leave it connected and the geen light tells me the battery is fully charged . If you have a car garaged for long periods this is a must item . Modern cars , with all their gadgets , drain the battery quickly so I 'm happy I made the purchase .
 I have about 13 cars in my collection with both 6v and 12v systems and wanted to make sure the batteries are always up and ready to go . The Battery Tender does this for me with little effort . It comes with two different connections and I love the direct connect pigtails for easy connection . One other benefit from having the battery fully charged is that the batteries do not sulfate and last much longer . I have had batteries last 10 years . Just would hope that you would carry the 6v Battery Tender also - I need another one . Gert
 I have a 1967 Ford truck that can be quite a drain on the battery at times , especially during the colder months . I purchased this before last winter , and never once had an issue with the battery being too low or too cold , despite some pretty frigid temps . I set this on a shelf just in front of and above my truck , and leave the lead to the charger hanging . I then wired the battery end to my battery and channeled it so the plug end can be pulled through the grill . It 's nearly invisible when it 's not in use , but is very quick and easy to plug up . I 've gotten used to just plugging up the truck every time I 'm done with it , and this little puppy brings it up to full charge fairly quickly!Highly recommended , especially if you have an older car that either does n't get driven much or is a heavy drain on the battery . ********************************************************************************** Update 01/02/11 : Unfortunately , I sold my '67 truck back in the late summer of 2010 . However , this little battery tender was still going strong , so I immediately hooked it up to my 4-wheeler . It has been doing a great job keeping the battery on it charged up through some especially cold weather we 've had . So after @ 3years of use , I still give it 5-stars . Awesome product!Update 11/19/12
 I actually own one of these . I have it on my 4 wheeler that I use mainly for plowing in the winter . It works like a champ keeping my battery always perfectly charged and ready to go . It does the charging without harming the battery by doing a computerized discharge and charge . I would highly recommend this to anyone who has a problem with battery 's going dead on cars , atvs , boats or anything with an automotive battery . The included quick connect clips are super easy to install and make it easy to just plug in when the vehicle is not in use .
 The battery on my Riding mower was dead so I figured it would n't be a bad idea to have a charger on hand . Especially since it would n't maintain a charge after jump starting it.I used this charger once , and the battery has held its charge since.Works great - highly recommended !
 This product is really , really good . Do n't waste your money on anything but the best ! You wo n't be disappointed . It charges 6 and 12 volt batts -LRB- one at a time -RRB- and does not allow them to overcharge , then trickle charges to keep them optimum.Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender Plus 12-Volt 1.25 AMP Battery Charger
 I have a charished weekend warrior vehicle that does a lot of lounging in the garage . Especially during those winter months when the raod salt is out and about . So a dead battery has always been a big problem for me . The Battery Tender is the perfect solution for my problem . Since installing it I have tried several times and the car starts right up like a dream . Granted it 's a little soon to judge it 's longevity . However I fully expect this product to help not only with starting my car from a long slumber but keep the battery in tip top shape and extend it 's lifespan.Mike
 I have the larger battery tender that I got last year . I just wonder where this thing was when I bought the bigger version.This thing is like a big power supply you 'd plug in for any device , like a computer . So you plug this in to the outlet , then clip it onto the battery posts of your motorcycle , generator , airplane -LRB- I use it on all of them -RRB- , and it just trickles and keeps the battery topped.I 'm just psyched . Cheap and easy . It works .
 We have a 2006 MDX which is rarely driven ... its a family car . That fact alone means that the battery wont have enough juice to start the car when we need it . The TENDER not only charged this battery , but kept it under control so that the car started perfect when we needed it . This is a must have product for your garage .
 The battery tender itself works great at keeping the battery at a safe charge level . My only gripe is the unit I received was all pink . . I do n't really care about the color since it 'll be sitting hidden in my garage , but there was no indication on the site that we were buying all pink ` breast cancer awareness ' units . Just writing this to warn others that may care more about the appearance than I did
 Wonderful product . We do n't drive very far or very often and thus our battery was sluggish in cold weather and even went dead after listening to the radio for 15 minutes while my wife was shopping . I now &#34; top up &#34; the battery with the tender once a week and have had absolutely no problems since getting it .
 I love this product it 100 % protects my investment I have a great feeling of confidence when I store my equipment that it will be ready when I need it .
 great product for anyone who needs it , otherwise you will be unhappy with your purchase as you wont need it .
 This battery tender works very well . We go away for the summer and leave a car in the garage . Even a new battery goes dead when parents forget to start the car ! This lady was able to follow the directions and hook the thing up . It was small . It worked as advertised . It did n't cost an arm and a leg . Much cheaper than a new battery !
 This was highly recommended by a friend in the car business . Basically plug and play once the quick connect plug is put on the car battery . Great for a &#34; garage Queen &#34; vehicle that is going to stay garaged most of the winter . Indicator lights on the Tender are helpful .
 I use this charger to protect my motor home batteries during the winter while it is in storage . The trickle charge feature keeps the battery from being overcharged .
 It does exactly as it says and does it well . As a novice user , it was easy to follow the instructions and setup .
 My husband bought this to use with our muscle cars that we ca n't drive during the winter due to the ice , snow and salt on the road . It is easy to use and helps keep the batteries charged up for our next chance to drive them .
 I purchased this item to charge my motorcycle battery during winter storage . Plug it in and forget about it . Nuff said .
 Easy to use , clear instructions , and does what it says . However , I also purchased the attachment to hook it to the cigarette lighter - this will NOT work in most cars since the ignition has to be on in order for the lighter to be connected to the main electrical circuit . Other than that , a good product !
 Do n't think this will replace a normal battery charger . Use it for what it 's design for which is to maintain a good working battery . If your battery is dead to the point where the starter does n't even click . This unit wo n't recharge your battery . My first one failed after about 7 years and it completely killed my battery . When the red and the green LED are both flashing and you have it properly connected . Take it off immediately . I 'm giving it 4 stars because a failed unit also ruined a good battery .
 I 've been using this battery charger nearly nightly for over three weeks and it works beautifully . If the battery is completely discharged , the Battery Tender requires more than one night to fully recharge it , but it gets the job done reliably . The case will become quite warm during the charging period , so users should be careful to keep it away from flammables , but no battery should be charged near anything that could ignite . A handy , well-made , and reliable little unit .
 It works as described . I use it for my motorcycle to keep it fully charged since I use it for short trips in which the alternator may not be able to replace the current used for starting , etc. .
 Great little device here!I run go-karts and if you do n't run them almost daily , they 're hard to start.I also use it on my electric boat motor batteries to keep them fresh during the off season!Might buy another one so I do n't have to keep changing it over from one battery to another but like the reviewer above mentioned , if it saves just one battery or one cold winter `` no-start '' that it 's well worth the price !
 I 've owned this 1999 BMW Z3 coupe -LRB- 37,000 miles -RRB- since new . And driving it only on nice days in Colorado , and rotating with my other two cars -LSB- 1987 Toyota MR2 Solo II racer -LRB- 85,000 Mi . -RRB- and 1997 Toyota 4Runner -LRB- 150,000 mi . -RRB- -RSB- makes for a lot of garage time ; especially during Winter months . The ` BATTERY TENDER Plus ' keeps the cells fully charged after long periods , while the Bimmer 's clock , computer , radio and alarm system try to drain them down . I even pulled out with it still hooked up , hitting the concrete floor with a big ding and scraping sound ; but , the high quality construction made for no repair service required , it 's continues to charge flawlessly . When , it 's not on the Z3 , it 's on one of the two cars topping their batteries up to full charge .
 This is my second battery tender that now maintains my V-ROD . My first tender is over ten years old and continues to function on my son 's bike . Very easy to use and nothing to worry about .
 I 've used BT 's for years on my motorcycles , Corvettes and now deep cycle batteries for the RV . They are absolutely what they claim . I 've never had a dead battery in the spring and have never fried a battery .
 Purchased this to maintain the battery in one of my vehicles that sits over the winter.Shipped extremely fast -LRB- received next day -RRB- and just got done hooking it up . I remove the battery from my vehicle because I did n't have any outlets near the car and I did n't want to run an extension cord because I am sure someone would trip on it or unplug it.This unit came with 2 cords to attach to the battery -LRB- via alligator clips or ring terminals -RRB- . I ended up using the alligator clips and everything worked out just fine.I then plugged the unit into the wall and the red light came on which means that the battery needed to be charged . It 's been on for about an hour now , but that 's ok with me because I purchased this thing to maintain the battery , not to rapidly charge it.I do like the fact that the manufacturer offers a 10 year warranty for this item , however it clearly states in the manual that you need to send $ 15.95 with the unit for evaluation , shipping & handling . Then the warranty card states that if any repairs need to be made , the company will notify you of the cost . Sounds like some sort of a screwy scam to me , but if this unit ever fails -LRB- hopefully in many years to come -RRB- I will simply purchase another one because I am sure it would cost you about $ 5-10 to ship the unit back to the manufacturer , then you need to include your $ 16 fee and then pay for any repairs . The darn thing only costs $ 40 ... why would you pay and waste your time trying to collect on the warranty?All in all , I like this thing and as long as it works for many years I will be happy . *** UPDATE 2/18 *** I ended up putting the battery back in the car and running a HD extension cord.I 've checked the battery every few days with a volt meter and it is holding constant at about 13.27 volts.Still happy with my purchase .
 Great product . After coming home to two drained batteries and a couple AAA visits I ordered another tender and put them to use . Now the car batteries are always topped off and ready to roll . The indicator lights on the battery tender give helpful feedback on charging status . I 'm using cigarette lighter plugs to feed the tender power into the cars .
 The Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender Plus 12-volt 1.25 AMP Battery Charger has done the job for me exactly as expected . I keep my fold-down travel trailer in my garage all year around , except when I use it for camping.I had another brand of trickle charger hooked up to the battery on my trailer , but it eventually overcharged my battery , causing it to burn out . This Deltran Battery Tender brings the battery up to full charge , then shuts off automatically until the charge goes down a bit , then brings the charge up to normal again . I highly recommend it .
 I have 2 corvettes and a motorcycle that have dead batteries if they sit -LRB- sometimes less than a week in the case of the corvettes -RRB- ... the battery tender I hung from the ceiling of the garage so that I can reach all 3 vehicles . I installed extra quick connect harness 's on the 3 and rotate the charger between them every few days . It dose what it claims and keeps all three so they will start . Longer cords on both the tender and harness would be a big improvement , even if only an extra 2 feet .
 the charger came in and was exactly what i ordered . it works fine and got it at the best price .
 I ordered this to replace the Black & Decker Trickle Charger I had , for it only lasted one winter . I have friends that recommended this and so far I am very happy with it 's size and simplicity.I keep it on my motorcycle for a while then switch it over to my truck for a week in order to keep them both charged . I keep the permanent plug on the motorcycle and use the alligator type clamps on the truck . I have had no issues with it at all .
 This product was highly recommended by my Harley mechanic and is performing as advertised and stated . Great , fast service by Amazon ...
 Nice tender . Comes with clips and pigtail for versatile use . I 'm glad I upgrade to the Battery Tender Plus from the Battery Tender Jr. . The plus has a higher amp/hour charge and some extra tender smarts .
 great product for anybody that has any kind of battery that isnt used much during the winter months . keeps it charged and ready to use when you need it .
 Wish the cords were just a little longer , and could use a bigger set of clips for a car battery . Other than that no complaints . Works well . Brought my dying battery back to life . If you plan to leave your battery sitting for weeks at a time you should get one of these .
 Great product , works as advertized . The only thing I wish it had was a way to connect it to two or more batteries at the same time .
 So , I have both a Battery Tender Plus and a Junior . They 're great devices ; I 've brought batteries seemingly back from the dead with them when some other chargers I had could not . However , there are two points worth making : The Junior and Plus have the same logic ; they only differ in the maximum charging current . Basically , the Plus will charge a battery up faster . If you 're only using them for storage or you 're not in a hurry , save nearly $ 20 and get the Junior . But I expect that you 'll be happy with either one.The one complaint I have is with the Warranty . My Plus stopped working recently . I 'm not sure why ; perhaps a power surge or something ; it 's not like I 've ever dropped or abused it . In any event , since they have a 10 year warranty , I called Deltran up . I can send the unit in -LRB- which will cost me $ 8 + for shipping with some kind of tracking so I can verify that it arrived -RRB- and then they charge $ 17 and change for a `` warranty diagnosic '' and return shipping . So , it basically costs around $ 25 to get my $ 40 device serviced under warranty . It 's not a completely unreasonable sum , but if Deltran really had faith in their products , they could easily eat that cost - I think I should at least not have to pay for a diagnostic fee on something under warranty which I 've already proven to not work in multiple outlets and on multiple batteries . I think I 'll just pay the extra $ 15 to get a brand new one , and use this as a paper weight.But anyway , the products work really well . My advice is just to buy this assuming there 's really no warranty ; as long as that 's your expectation , you wo n't be disappointed .
 The battery tender plus works exactly as advertised . I keep my motorcycle hooked up all winter and it always fires up come spring time . Great product !
 This battery tender is working as advertised . Very easy to set up and appears to be working flawlessly . I would recommend this for purchase .
 I own two motorhomes and four electric wheelchairs . Most of the time , most of this equipment is standing idle , waiting to be called upon . They all have devices running continuously that eventually drain the batteries . Murphy ensures that the battery will be nearly dead just when we need the equipment the most . Since purchasing the Battery Tender , none of these units has failed to start when I have called upon them to perform . The unit is so light and portable that I can take it to the spot where it is needed , instaed of having to move the equipment to my old , larger , stationary charging station . I am amazed at how efficient it is and how cool it runs . I would be tempted to buy another one , but it is so easy to move around , I ca n't justify the purchase . It has performed beyond the call of duty for both lead-acid automotive batteries in the motorhomes and the gell-cells in the power wheelchairs . If it ever does give up the ghost , I wo n't think twice before buying another one .
 Things certainly have improved since I last bought a car battery charger ! The battery tender is small , lightweight , and a lot smarter than my -LRB- very -RRB- old battery charger . Most importantly , it 's smart enough that I can just keep it hooked up to `` tend '' the battery in my vintage Jeep so that it 's ready to go when I feel like a going for a fun drive.For uses like this , you should consider keeping the plastic shell the battery tender comes in . It 's perfectly serviceable as an occasional-use storage case since you do n't need to destroy it to open it and since it snaps shut . If you 'll be repeatedly putting the battery tender in and out of service , you might need to buy one of the fancy cases that are available , but if you use it to tend a battery for long periods , just use the plastic shell .
 I use it to keep my motorcycle battery charged . The unit came with wires and a cool quick connect so that I do not have to take the bike apart to access the battery .
 Well made and hassle - free . Arrived just in time to be tested by a record cold wave . Passed with flying colors !
 I have mine hooked up to my 2009 SKY REDLINE . The car sits in a cold garage . after 3 months of sitting started car up like it was the middle of the summer .
 After owning this for only a short duration , this seems to be the ticket to a longer lasting battery . For a vehicle that sits more that it is driven this is certainly cheaper than the headache of a dead , and possibly damaged battery . Very small size with nice build quality and cables .
 3rd one I own , use them to keep my cars alive as I only drive a couple of them at weekends .
 Every winter I garage my 3 season collectable car to protect it from the harsh Northeast winters . In spring when I want to roll the car out again it would need several hot shots or a new battery . AAA was getting a little tired of visiting me for multiple hot shots . I did not want to unhook the battery because all the electronics would need resetting in the spring . I purchased the Battery Tender with caution not knowing what to expect but it was a last resort . I have checked on the charging throughout the winter and started the car on several occasions and the battery is strong and turns over immediately . This never happened before and I am very pleased . Easy instructions . I would recommend this product .
 This is a wonderful product . I have a 2004 Chevrolet Silverado that will drain a battery in two days when not being used . No , there is nothing wrong with the truck ; it just uses current even just sitting . I have a battery charger , but it is not meant to keep a battery charged . Now I have the Battery Tender and I can leave the truck set until I 'm ready to use it . The Battery Tender keeps the battery perfectly charged , and has saved me a lot of frustration .
 I love this neat little charger . It is comes with convenience accessories to let me charge the battery without having to remove the battery from their terminals . I 've heard a lot of great things about this charger and decided to buy one myself . I 'm quite satisfied with the product and it does what it advertised . Now I no longer have to worry about my battery being overcharged or not getting enough charges .
 What can I say , the Battery Tender is small , works well and is easy to use .
 Product is excellent . Compact and easy to use , especially with quick connect connector attached to battery .
 This product is very easy to set up and use . Over the past year I 've bought and used two of them for different cars that were out of service for months at a time .
 Product worked just as expected ! Fast shipping , no problems . BEST price on the net ! Everything needed in one package !
 Works great . Batteries are ready to go as soon as you are . I keep my Buell plugged in during the winter , and it will start up any day after .
 No hassle set up and now I do not have to worry about my Corvette starting when I want it to .
 Easy to use.Small.This is perfect for motorcycle battery.I will never warry about my R1200gs battery.I love it !!
 my older porsche , needed someone to watch and keep healthy , so I choose the battery tender , I made the right decision , thanks NormBattery Tender 021-0123 Battery Tender Junior 12V Battery Charger
 I have three Battery Tender Plus units . They are all but bullet proof . I will purchase more of them in the future .
 The charger has been on my motorcycle for over a month now w / no issues . Fully charged the battery from almost no charge and has been providing a steady trickle since then .
 Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery ChargerAfter reading many reviews I settled on this model as opposed to the Battery Tender Jr. which apparently has suffered from some reliability problems . Other than being smaller than I expected , the unit has performed very well . I 've used it to charge and maintain the battery on our seasonal vehicle as well as recharge the batteries on our grandchildrens ' electric car . It came with two sets of cables , one set with `` croc '' clips and the other with ring tongue terminals for permanent harness installation . So far I am well pleased with it and would definitely recommend it to others .
 I love this battery tender . I hooked it up to all my cars and I do n't have any battery issues anymore . I like the four bank with the 25 foot extension cords because you keep the battery tender in one location . I use a one bank system for my shed for my lawn mower .
 I have two of these units . One of them I have owned for over 5 years . It 's a very simple device , just hook the clips on and watch the lights . It has an amazing warranty - 10 years . Mine has lasted so far but looks fairly beat up . I have had some other chargers that barely lasted a year.It 's not US made unfortunately and the industrial design could be improved . However , these things are no frills and just run.Update
 I had this charger 's little brother , Jr. . I believe , but it bit the dust . In retrospect , it may have just been a blown fuse . Forgot it had one , thus did n't check it . The more advanced charger is more suited for my needs . This was the best price I found for the charger . It arrived without fanfare , and worked as advertised .
 If you own any type of recreational vehicle that has a battery , you need this item . It will keep your charge ready between infrequent uses and between seasons . This will avoid the necessity of buying a new battery every season for your motorcycle , ATV , PWC , trailer , whatever . It will not overheat or overcharge like other maintenance chargers do . It will be money well spent .
 I live only two miles from my job and often travel , so my car battery often went dead . I took the car to the Lexus dealer and they said the battery was fine , but I was not driving the car enough to keep the battery charged . Now I just `` plug '' my car with this device when I travel or when I do n't drive much . The battery is always fully charged . Great item .
 THIS PRODUCT HAS PROVEN ITSELF AGAIN , i BOUGHT ONE OF THESE `` BATTERY TENDERS '' MANY YEARS AGO -LRB- MY FRIEND NEVER RETURNED IT AND MOVED AWAY -RRB- i 'M HAPPY TO SEE IT 'S STILL MADE THE SAME AS BEFORE.hOPING FOR ANOTHER 15 YEARS OF SERVICE .
 I love this product . Clamps are small enough for a bike and big enough for a car/truck . I have the plug in connector attached to my sportbike since the battery is pretty hard to reach so I can just plug it in now and charge . It takes a while to charge a actual car/truck battery but that 's to be expected with this little guy . Great product !
 Time will tell , but this battery tender appears to be very well made . The unit is pretty compact and solidly built . I am not a fan of plastic in my garage . It typically indicates to me that the manufacturer is looking to cut costs and maximize profit vs. putting out the highest quality product that they can . This unit has a metal housing.Anyhow , this unit was super easy to set up on my motorcycle and lawnmower . With the leads already installed , I just have to plug it in . The conditioning mode of this tender will go a long ways in increasing the battery life as well.I would certainly recommend this unit !
 I bought the unit for my ATV which sits in the garage most of the time . Twice this Winter I went out to plow snow with it and found the battery dead . Trying to get to that Polaris battery with a car battery charger on a 20 cold morning in a crowded garage is frustrating . This unit did just as advertised right out of the box . Just plug it in and your set . and it 's small to boot ! I 'm going to buy another one for my boat . I pull the battery out every Fall and store it in the garage , then try to remember to charge it every month or so . The key word here is try.Great product !
 I have a high end battery in my truck which I do n't drive often enough to keep it charged . Battery Tender is the perfect answer . Keeps the battery at it 's optimal -LRB- know what type of battery I use ? -RRB- level without overcharging . Used it now for over a year with no problems .
 The charger works as well as all the claims . It keeps my deep cycle batteries -LRB- AGM -RRB- it top shape . The added quick change terminal connectors are a real convenience . Well worth the money !
 This battery tender does the job as advertised - works great for me . Use it on all my lawn equipment and ATVs etc
 I own a 1966 Jeep that goes for weeks between starts , so I would have to jump start it each time to use it . Now with the Battery Tender the battery stays charged and the Jeep starts right up . Money well spent . Thanks !!
 Used this charger immediately on receipt to charge a 12 volt lawn tractor battery and it worked perfectly . It took a few hours since it is a trickle charger . If you need a faster charge time , you need to get a larger -LRB- amp wise -RRB- unit . This charger is sturdy and well made . I like the indicators that give a partial charge or full charge . I would recommend this charger .
 I 've had the Jr. and loved it . But I 'm real glad I got the Plus . More versitility on the many different things I have to charge , Car , Bike , and RC battery . This is real convenient and the trickle charge keeps me from worrying about over charging . Awesome device .
 Wanted this to charge our car battery that went dead while being stored during the winter . It did what we wanted and plan to use it to keep the battery charged while it is in storage next year .
 The Battery Tender works as I expected . It is easy to install and keeps my battery charged between uses . I have a Polaris ATV and a third car both of which I only use only occasionally . I have had problems in the past with both vehicles ' batteries dying between uses . I bought two Battery Tenders -LRB- 12V 1.25 A and 12V 0.75 A -RRB- and connected them to the two vehicles . I have not had any problems starting either vehicle since . I highly recommend this product .
 The Battery Tender Plus is one of the greatest devices I have owned in my lifetime . Quality product that meets or exceeds specifications . This is my second Battery Tender . Both of my motorcycles are always on a tender . Yields amazing battery life .
 Great little unit that does exactly what it 's supposed to do . Maintain the battery at it 's full charge , and inspire confidence .
 Works great on my RV engine batteries . The `` Float '' 3 stage is just what I wanted . Small easy to use and store .
 Seems like a good charger ; no fires , no explosions , no shocks , gets to the green light ... . On the other hand , I really think one should evaluate long term permormance more importantly than `` out of the box '' start-up and my month of trial is not long enough yet to judge that . I was happy with the significant savings incurred compared to some automotive stores .
 bought my tender because i was traveling so much and my battery on my 2003 accord kept dying out every 2 yrs . . dont know if it was overusage , some faulty wiring , or just 2 bad batteries in a row . . there was also a ton of acid build up on the positive side and my mechanic told me that this happens from the car not being used and having it sit in my garage.So i plugged this into my car and left on my trip for 3 weeks . . now given when im gone that long , my choke on the engine takes a bit longer to start . But when i unplugged this and turned on my engine , it was smooth as ever . I know there are some reviews on here stating that the battery doesnt charge and ppl come back to a dead battery but so far its working fine for me . It does its job that its suppose to do . Maybe people got bad faulty units?Im currently on my extended trip and ill keep updating this review as i go along but so far so good . Keep in mind , its best to buy items like this using AMEX since they offer protection services that extend your warranty one year . This item will take some time to test since its a long standing issue with other people .
 I love the battery tender . Since I have purchased , I have no worries about the condition of my battery . I have a car that is only used for pleasure , so it does n't get out much during the winter months . The battery tender is the perfect solution .
 was just like it said , packing good was new , came complete came here fast could not ask for a better product
 I recently bought a new sports bike . During cold weather , the battery would drain quickly . I purchased the battery tender in December and the problem was solved . I connected the pig tails that came with the kit . Now when I go to start my bike , the battery is always charged , even if it has been several weeks between riding . This by far is the best money you will ever spend if you have a bike and wish to keep your battery longer than a year .
 Shipment was ahead of schedule . The charger performed exactly as advertised . I was pleasently surprised at the compactness of the item.I would recommend this charger to anyone needing a charger/tender combination for all 12 volt batteries large and small .
 Mounted this battery tender on our 5th wheel and it seems to be doing a great job so far . Installation was a snap , hopefully I 'll get years of use out of this little guy . I would recommend this battery tender to anyone who 's looking for an inexpensive yet reliable unit .
 The battery Tender works great , recommend it to anyone with a vehicle that does not use it on a daily basis . Great for winter storage of batteries . Eyelet plugs are great if you can locate them in a area that does not require you to lift the hood or remove a panel to access . I Have 3 that I use on two motorcycles and a classic car . They always start every time , batteries last much longer than if I do not use them even during the summer months . Pay for themselves with every year you do not have to buy a new battery
 Keeps my motorcycle charged up when it 's sitting during the winter just in case we have a warm day . No problems with it , and the quick plugin adapter that I can add to the battery makes it even easier to just quickly hook it up without removing the seat .
 Works great , as advertised ! Using it for float charge in winter to keep bat in good shape while not riding . Come with lots of adapters and plenty of cord .
 Have three of these now hooked up to different applications . Seem to work as adverised . No problem leaving them hooked up and keeping the equipment ready to start when needed
 I bought this charger for my 2011 Suzuki King Quad , which sits in the garage up here in Alaska . I use the ATV to plow my driveway and street , and was starting to notice the battery charge becoming an issue , with the short rides . Since plugging it in to this charger , I have had zero battery issues . I love that it came with a second lead that attaches to the battery and runs out from underneath the seat . This lets me plug in the charger without having to remove the seat . I just unplug the lead , ride , and plug in again when I am done . Highly recommended !
 Works as described . I have a vehicle that is seldom driven and had experience battery chrge issues . I needed a product to keep it charged without damaging the battery .
 does just what its suppose to do , shipping was quick / / / / easy to hook up on my harley road king , wish i would had got one years agoBattery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger
 Keeps my battery fresh through the winter and I have never had a problem . It will not charge a dead battery so you need to use it .
 Only thing I would ask for is a longer cable , but you can purchase this seperatly . I want to store the battery tender on a shelf by my car instead of on the ground .
 Why did n't I buy this sooner ? * doink * It has been a pretty harsh winter here in Down East Maine this year , but we have n't missed a beat because of our car battery having gone flat . That is no small feat , as I drive a Miata -LRB- which would rather be living in Hawaii -RRB- year-round . . and there have been winters during which I have had to depend rather heavily upon a Compressor/Jump-Start unit that I have owned for many years . That 's not horrible , but it is rather more involved than just keeping this unit perpetually plugged-in and connected to the car battery - making the car as reliable -LRB- re start-up -RRB- as it is in June.Extremely dependable and does everything as portrayed . I very highly recommend this product .
 Product arrived fast , and it works great . Easy to install , and maintains the motorcycle battery during the colder winter months .
 Ideal charger for people who has muscle car and lawn mowers that they use once in a while . I would highly recommend this product .
 Every time I want to fire up my old 71 Datsun -LRB- that 's Nissan for those of you younger than 30 -RRB- 240 Z there 's a good chance that the battery has drained down and that I ca n't start it ! Looking around at car forums I read about this nifty little gadget ... It 's like a battery trickle charger ... sort of . Whereas it 's not recommended to keep a trickle charger hooked up all the time , this one has circuitry to limit the current and sense when the battery needs charging . It only charges at 1.25 amps which is easier on the battery.I 've had it on for a month now and it 's great . The first couple of days , the red light was on indicating charging . Since then it 's been on green and the car starts right up . I live in Houston where the heat and humidity can be just as brutal on batteries as the cold.I highly recommend this `` tender '' for those that have cars that stay unused for long periods.As other reviews have mentioned it comes with a set of adapters that allow you to permanently attach pigtails to the battery posts and then you can quickly connect the tender without having to use the alligator clips -LRB- also included -RRB- . For the price and free shipping you ca n't go wrong!UPDATE after two years of use.I can now reconfirm that these battery tenders work great - I 've had them hooked up continuously on two cars that stay in the garage a lot and I 've NEVER had them not start right up . A quick glance at the LED display lets me know that the batteries are either charging or fully charged . It 's a real pleasure to be able to go right up and enjoy your wheels without having to worry about whether the battery is dead . I ca n't say for sure , but I suspect that it lengthens the life of the battery as well .
 This little gizmo is dynamite.I have a 4 year old Accord that , due to circumstance , only has about 4400 miles . Rarely driven ... and what driving is done is mostly at night.Sat for a week once in very cold weather ... dead battery.Ordered this . Hooked it up . 100 % charge and the battery is very powerful once again . -LRB- had thought I would probably need a new one -RRB- . It 's very small size makes it extremely easy to use and store . And it will not overcharge , so you do not have to babysit the process.It 's LEDs glow red when charging . Green and red blink once 80 % has been achieved . Solid green at 100 % . It did , in very cold weather , take a long time to establish a full charge on my almost completely discharged battery . The battery would have been usable in a few hours , but 100 % took close to 18 . Highly recommended .
 I have an older version of this charger that I bought in the mid 90 's . I used it to maintain my garaged Mustang 's battery over the winter months for many years . I made a cigarette lighter adapter so all I needed to do was to plug it in instead of using the alligator clips . I have to say this thing is dead reliable ! It always kept my battery in prime condition . I love it and recommend it highly .
 I bought one , for my own use and spent much time reading Deltran 's website , and the finally the info that came with the Deltran unit.Over all , Works well , made well -LRB- vented metal case -RRB- . I 've been testing it on a 55ah AGM.I have a lot of background in battery chargers . Based on my review of the unit I bought , I wanted to maybe offer some general practical help for those that ca n't find all the info they need for guidance before they but such a product.The price at Amazon makes it worth it , but not list at the OEM 's site . The OEM list price is pricey for the Battery Tender Plus , the Battery Tender Jr is about 1/2 -LRB- based on the OEM price -RRB- , and can take care of much of the same duties.While I 've read all I could from their site , all their advertising pre-sale does n't warn that it may not charge a large cell that has been properly discharged . Once I bought my Battery Tender Plus , I found liteature comes with the charger that warns you of this . . I figured as much and bought it as a compliment to my smart bulk chargers that are n't good maintainers . The reason ... If the power is interrupted on any of my bulk chargers , they do n't come back to the correct profile , just the profile for 2amp charge for a wet cell general . Not the AGM profile.The Deltran being a dedicated maintainer does n't suffer from this problem.If the power was to be cycled , it would just go through it 's profile again . And since it 's such low current , no harm.These Tenders are Great for when the bulk charger is taken care else where on the larger RV , boat , or secondary car battery . Your primary car battery is charged by the alternator , and when you store the car you need to take care of the self discharge issue and any parasitic loads that will discharge your car 's battery while in storage ... the Battery Tender Plus is great for that.As well as the Battery Tender Jr , if you have very little or no parasitic loads . -LRB- if your parasitic loads are too great , you may need to disconnect the battery from the vehicle for storage - if the parasitic drain/loads comes close to the tender 's rating , it wont do it 's job and your battery wont be a happy battery -RRB- I 've been testing the Battery Tender Plus on my optima AGM , and on maintenance float , the battery is only pulling a .01 a at 13.2 vdc . Just right . The profile was just about perfect , per optima 's spec and other AGM 's spec , and perfect for wet cells -LRB- normal car batteries -RRB- . If you have larger parasitic loads , the Battery Tender Plus -LRB- 1.25 a -RRB- will be a better choice . But if you pull your battery lead of have little or no parasitic loads , the Battery Tender Jr will work well and save you money over the Battery Tender Plus . -LRB- Again , remember if your parasitic loads are too great , you may need to disconnect the battery from the vehicle for storage - if the parasitic drain/loads comes close to the tender 's rating , it wont do it 's job and your battery wont be a happy battery -RRB- For a motorcycle battery , the Battery Tender Plus is probably the end all charger.But for the larger batteries , neither Tender will serve as a bulk charger . To protect your battery investment , get a good smart bulk charger -LRB- not the cheapo dumb bulk chargers -RRB- with the right profiles , and use the Deltan Battery Tender Plus or Battery Tender Jr for storage.After the testing I 've done -LRB- monitored and recorded voltage , current , and temps to see what the profiles are of the chargers -RRB- , for my storage use , I could have gotten away with the Battery Tender Jr @ .75 a , for my storage `` tender '' of a single 55ah optima agm battery .
 I have n't used any other tender for a battery and this was my first purchase of this type of product . It was very simple to hook up and it included the wires to `` pig-tail '' the tender to my battery . That was great becasue I do n't want to have to remove the seat and remove the battery cover every time that I use it . With the `` pig-tails , '' you just hook them to your battery terminals and place the wire where you can run it down underneath the battery box and out the side of the bike . You then put the battery box cover back on and the seat back on and you never have to deal with them again . The wire comes out the side of the bike and I used a plastic cable tie around the frame to keep the wire in place . The wire has a rubber cap , so when you want to ride , you just unplug the wire and put the cap on . You 're done . It worked great from the moment I plugged it in . I would have no reason to try any other brand of battery tender .
 This unit is a workhorse for the money . I use it on my Corvette in the winter and in the summer I have my snowblower attached to the battery tender . This product is compact in size and simple to use . It came with different adapters that enabled use with different battery charging requirements.I recently gifted a unit to my father in-law who leaves 2 cars in Florida year round.A must have for anyone who has a vechicle or seasonal piece of equipment .
 The product was less expensive than similar products . I have had a battery tender for my motorcycle and now need one for my quad . These work so well especially when you put your toys away for the winter .
 My previous Battery Tender was almost 20 years old when it expired . This latest version works great and has heavier cables , connectors and has fuse protection . I would highly recommend it .
 This battery tender does what it is supposed to do . I have been using it for years . If you have a car that sits use this and your battery will last much longer .
 This is my second tender of the same model . The first is about 7 years old and still going strong . When I purchased a motorcycle last year , I purchased a second so the bike did n't have to share with the mower.No surprises here . A ten minute set up and the charger was up and running . the clamps work great for the mower , and the terminal connections are used on the bike . The first mower battery has lasted 6 years and was just replaced . Previously we replaced the batteries in the mower every other year . This model has a minimum set of features and we thought was a great value .
 I 've used Battery Tender for years and it 's always worked great . The only reason I bought this one is because I accidently backed over my old one and crushed it ... arrghh ! I would still be using my 15 year old one but it was slightly flattened .
 I have two bikes and this one has been working flawlessly for over a year . I recently bought the Jr. model for the 2nd bike but have n't hooked that one up yet . Just attach to the battery and tuck the connector away and you are ready .
 Works as designed and is very versatile . I use it on my atv and car during the winter and have keep my batteries well charged .
 This was recommended to me by 3 mechanics for my diesel truck . It worked great and did exactly what it was suppose to do .
 Appears to be doing the job it was advertised to do , maintaining battery in BBC El Camino while in storage
 This order was exactly what I expected . It arrived in a reasonable time , was priced right , and does its job as advertised . A neat thing about this charger is the permanent battery connection that can be used in lieu of the quick clips for the battery terminals.I recommend it for extended storage of Rv 's , boats , mowers , vehicles , motorcycles etc. . I am using one for a classic car and another for two 12 volt batt . wired in parallel for my Rv.One recommendation I would make to the manufacture is a simple mount on the back , to hang it on a wall or other vertical surface rather than sitting it on the floor or vehicle .
 I 've only had mine about a week , so I gave it only 4 stars.So far it 's just as advertised.I have battery chargers and though my storage car is old , a 1998TOWNCAR , like most cars today , there is not a lot of metal.On most my cars If I use a charger , I usually connect both prongs to the battery , because it 's so difficult to find a good ground.This charger tells you when you 've got a good ground . I had tried every spot from the axles up with no luck . With this charger I found one little spot , on the Towncar hood latch that indicated a good ground.Without this charger 's LED lights , I would have never found it.So I finally got a good ground indication.So with a topline battery , a few months old , and being drained -LRB- I Think -RRB- by the Auto Alarm , s Flashing LED , it charged the battery to 14 volts.I was concerned about the length of time that the LED stayed Red.But after 2 days the LED turned green and the voltage dropped to about13 .30 and is holding GREEN . As indicated in the instructions , so far so good !
 I had my Vespa dealership recharge my Piaggio BV250 battery after winter storage . They actually used this battery tender to charge it for me . However , they only sold the Deltran Tender Jr -LRB- 0.75 Amp -RRB- . This charger has a faster charging time than the 0.75 Amp . My batteries charge in about 4-6 hours whereas the Jr take about double that -LRB- though exact timing obviously depends on how depleted your batteries are -RRB- . I 've used this charger since then and it 's been great . It 's simple to use
 This product does only one thing , but it does it well , and with near perfect simplicity . Connect it to your car 's battery and plug it in to a wall outlet
 The Jaguar Dealer told me that the reason my battery keeps dying in my Jaguar XK-R , is because I only drive itshort distances , and that 's not enough to allow the alternator to re-charge the battery . Is it my fault that I work from home , have no daily commute , and only drive to nearby restaurants and grocery stores and shopping malls , that are all within a few miles of my home ? I was advised to purchase a &#34; Trickle Charger &#34; or &#34; Battery Tender &#34; , and plug my battery into the wall socket once every couple of weeks , overnight ... to keep the battery &#34; topped-off &#34; with power . I have found that I actually only have to plug my battery in overnight using this device once every TWO MONTHS ! That 's enough to keep the battery charged . If you have a car that you only use for short-drives typically , a few times a week , -LRB- as though it were a glorified golf cart -RRB- , you may need one of these . It 's a great product , and I highly recommend it . Very easy to use .
 This is a great quality charger at a great price . I highly recommend it ! I also like this product : NOCO G7200 NOCO Genius Gray 12V and 24V 7200mA -LRB- 7.2 A -RRB- Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintainer
 I have been using a Battery Tender Junior for about 5 years on my motorcycle . I always plug in the bike and it works great.I recently purchased the Battery Tender Plus to use on my Duramax truck -LRB- 2 batteries -RRB- . It seems to work great so far . I expect long life of the unit and the batteries just as I have in the past using this line of Battery Tenders.I give it 4 instead of 5 stars only because of the short length of cable they give you . The Junior 's cables are so long that I can run that thing clear across the room . The Plus ' cables are so short that I had to splice in more cable . They apparently do n't expect you to charge your batteries in-vehicle with the Plus.By the way , the Plus brings my 2 very large batteries in my truck upto full charge in less than 8 hours . They are new batteries and the truck 's charging system works just fine and the truck is even driven almost everyday . However , there is alot of parasitic draw on the batteries with the remote start / alarm system on overnite . Combined with the 100 plus degree heat of the desert , the Battery Tender Plus is warranted.Of course I would not expect it to recharge my truck batteries if they were dead . It is not designed to . Make sure you look at the specs and know what you need . I just needed a battery tender - something that would keep my batteries at full charge or restore the bit of charge lost overnite from the parasitic draw of the car alarm / starter . By spec , the Battery Tender Plus can not recharge these large batteries from dead . Again , know what you need . The tech folks at Deltran can help you with that .
 I purchased the Beltran Battery Charger about a month ago . So while my experience with the product is short I am very pleased . It was easy to install and easy to operate with the plug in cable which is a great idea compared to having to put the clamps on the terminals each time . What I did not buy but should have at the same time is the extra cable length extension but that is an issue based on the way my garage is set up . I would rate this a thumbs up and recommend it highly .
 This is the second Battery Tender we own and use - and easily recommend to others . I bought my first BT about 7-8 years ago and it has been attached to a motorcycle battery since 2003 ; the new unit we just bought is attached to our tractor . The quick connect harness makes it easy to simply unplug the BT when needed , then reattach when done to restore and maintain the battery in ready state . Thanks to the BT , I have had the same motorcycle battery for 6 years , which is much longer than my friends get with batteries in comparable motorcycles -LRB- full size touring models -RRB- Our garage is insulated but unheated -LRB- we live in Maine -RRB- and these little units keep the batteries safely charged.The tractor is a diesel , which in the winter I use to clear snow . In the cold weather it is necessary to pre-heat the glow plugs longer before starting , which puts added drain on the battery - and I have 4 extra work lights for night work , which requires most of what the tractor alternator can produce.However , thanks to the BT , I do n't have to worry about a thing . The little green light on the unit indicating the battery is up to charge says to me , `` Let 's go '' , and it does.I highly recommend this charger for those batteries that are not used daily , but that you want to keep ready to go .
 I read the reviews before purchasing this product , and based on those review , I bought it . Completely satisfied ! I only drive my car once or twice a month and since I can leave the charger on all the time without damaging my battery , I 'm assured that the car will have a full charge .
 I 've had the Deltran Battery Tender Plus for about 2 months now . I 've used it for charging a motorcycle battery and a tractor battery and it worked excellent for both . It 's basically idiot-proof in that it 's easy to operate and prevents the user from connecting it incorrectly . It 's very well made and has worked exactly as advertised . I purchased on recommendation from a friend who has used one to maintain his boat batteries in the off season for years . The only suggestion I would make is to save some shipping charges and buy some additional connectors up front if you plan on using it for multiple items . That way you do n't have to change over the ring lug chord . It can remain on the vehicle/battery at all times and then just be plugged in when needed . I would definitely recommend this item to others .
 Perfect for keeping my roadster 's battery charged since I only take the car out on weekends when the weather is nice enough for top down driving . I 'm sure it will extend battery life by preventing the deep discharges that I was having in the past . The quick disconnect harness makes it a snap to hook up and unplug . Do n't expect it to juice up a dead battery very quickly , but I like that I can just leave it plugged in and connected to the battery unlike old school trickle chargers . The colored status light tells you at a glance if it 's charging or maintaining . Great product . BMW sells what looks suspiciously like the same Deltran tender -LRB- but with a BMW faceplate -RRB- for a lot more money .
 I bought the tender and tender junior after going through my fourth battery on my 82 Goldwing . I just went out to start the bike . The product -LRB- junior -RRB- did the job - turned the swith and the headlight shined brighter than I have ever seen it . The bike started immediately . Just hooked the other one up to my boat . I ordered another pair .
 My motorcycle 's battery -LRB- BMW K12S -RRB- was goingdead on me and the dealer said it was because it does notfully charge when doing short trips of 10 miles or less whichI do frequently . Been using the charger for 3 weeks now . Endedup getting a new a battery because it was already too far gone.So far , no problems with the new one . I use the aligator clipsso it 's easy to plug into and out of . This unit is far less expensivethan the one they tried to sell me at the BMW dealer . Would reccomend .
 Read the reviews , this product does exactly what it is supposed to do . I own several cars and a motorcycle . I can not ride all of them at once so needless to say , some of them sit for days or weeks without starting . This sweet little device keeps the battery charged and systems functioning so all my vehicles are ready to go with a twist of the key or a swift kick -LRB- and of course , a check of the oil level ! -RRB- .
 This charger works great a charging a 12v battery . It is very small and has two small clamps to attach to the battery.If your battery is in an out of the way spot , you have the option of attaching a 2nd set of cables which attach to the battery permanently . Then you just plug the charger into the loose end of the cable . When done charging , unplug hide the cable .
 I have a car which is hard on batteries , and needs to be driven a lot to keep it charged . Since I do n't drive it that much , the battery was always losing its charge . Now when I park the car , I just plug the tender 's auxiliary battery cable into the tender 's primary cable . No raising the hood , or use of clamps . The tender lights tell me the status of the battery , while it is being charged . I highly recommend this tender .
 Performs better than they claim . A must have for vehicles that sit for any amount of time . I got it with the lighter adapter for quick disconnect .
 Best item I ever bought . No more over or under charging with a stupid trickle-charger ever !!!!
 The Deltran charger does exactly what it should , which is charge Lead-acid and AGM batteries . The only issue is that this model is n't quite right for ` GEL ' type batteries , used on some cars -LRB- BMWs -RRB- and motorcycles.GEL batteries require slightly different charging voltages than lead-acid and AGM batteries . Deltran makes a different model -LRB- 021-0156 -RRB- for GEL batteries , but with all the software and tech the claim to bring to the game I 'd think they could combine the functionality into one charger .
 Bought this charger to get my summer rider mower , etc back and running again . It did it 's job without any problems.Small , robust , and easy to use . Highly recommend
 Bought this to replace older charger . This is faster , smaller , & better builtthan anything else I 've used , Worth Every dime.Jimbo 's Farm , Robbinsville , North Carolina
 I made this purchase for a second car , i only plan to drive twice a month . with the the vehicle having a new battery . I wanted to assure the battery lasted years rather than several months . This unit provides several attachments , allowing you the ease to connect and start usage.i have smaller battery tender unit on my motorcycle that I 've used for the past three years . Each time the cycle starts on the first attempt even after a long winter storage . It should be noted not only will the cold shorten battery life , heat can also cause battey failure and a shorten life span.the battery tenders are a safe and easy investment . Not only will your vehicle be ready for its use . Your vehicles battery will be ready to start where ever you are and bring you home safely
 A must-have for every motorcycle owner ! Works well & easy to use . This product is small enough for easy storage .
 This is a great product ! Since some of my vehicles and lawn care equipment may sit idle for a period of time , the Battery Tender is just what I needed to keep them ready to go when I 'm ready go . Fast delivery , good packaging , product was exactly what I expected !
 This is a great product , I use The Battery Tenders on my boat , motorcycles , and cars and have had great success . I would recommend this product to anyone that has multiple vehicles that are not being used constantly , it 's a great piece of mind knowing that your batteries are always charged .
 The day before I was to leave on a trip I found the battery was dead in my car . I do n't drive this particular one often so I knew I could jump it but sometimes when they are that low driving it does n't bring it back up enough . So I checked Amazon for this charger and they just happened to have it local so I got it that day - awesome luck ! Charged it over night and the next day we were off . It did n't get to a full charge so when we got back I put it back on until the green light came on . Then I stuck it on the other car . I plan to use this once a week on both cars . The size of this charger is so convenient I will take it with me just in case .
 Amazon has some speedy delivery I will say that !! Couple days and it was here . . It was just as discribed and works great.Thanks Amazon for Another job well done !!
 Thanks to this product , I no longer have to wonder if my riding mower will crank when I want to use it or if my blood pressure will skyrocket beccause the mower 's battery has gone dead again !! This is an awesome charger and amazing in its simplicity and dependability , not to mention an incredible bargain for the price.I would recommend this charger to anyone who needs to be sure a riding mower or other battery-powered equipment cranks and operates when needed . You will not be disappointed with this product .
 Very nice piece of equipment . Easy to use . Installed the built-in hookups on my `` stored '' car and it 's as easy as plugging it in and unplugging it . The different lights are informative . Works as a trickle-charger or full-blown charger based on the condition and charge in the battery . Takes into account the temperature . I highly recommend this to anyone who stores a car over the winter .
 It 's small in size but mighty in performance . Very easy to use . Recharged my riding mower 's battery no problem . Handy , compact piece of equipment which is well worthy the investment . Highly recommend this item , very pleased with purchase .
 Not much I can say other than it brought a dead battery -LRB- because of the cold winter months and no vehicle use -RRB- back to life . A few weeks will go by during the winter where I do n't drive my R32 much so I 'll plug this in to keep the battery maintained . The battery tender does what its suppose to and I 've been using for two years ... no complaints .
 I have one on my motorcycle , and purchased this one to tend my trailer batteries through the winter . I went onto the Battery tender web site to find out how to hook up batteries in parallel so I can charge the 2 Marine deep cycle batteries that power my trailer . It is working great and looking at the diagrams I will be able to hook up my 2 spare trailer batteries in parallel for a total of 4 deep cycle batteries .
 Lots of accessories with it and worked while it was plugged in . So far so good . I would definately buy another . I am using mine on my plow truck currently .
 Put three Battery Tender Plus 12 V into service , for a tractor , ATV , and brush mower . Primary use is to maintain a float charge . Have worked flawlessly , in hot and cold weather in an unheated barn . This model comes with interchangeable alligator clips or ring terminals that can be screwed to the battery posts . Both have a quick connect lead . The latter application is very handy for batteries in a hard to reach location , as it can be left in place .
 This charger is much smaller than my older models , but it really does the job . If I ever need another , I wo n't hesitate to buy another .
 Charged the stored TT battery very quickly and switched to maintenance mode . I like the fact that I can leave it hooked up and not have to worry about it . Should extend the battery life and it will be ready to go in the spring .
 I purchased the Battery Tender Plus for the battery in my 1966 Chevy Nova SS . I am now able to maintain my battery in a cold environment all winter long . It works much better than traditional chargers as well . Regular chargers seem to wear down the battery over time . Highly recomended .
 I PURCHASED THE DELTRAN 12V BATTERY TENDER ON 9/9/10 . It arrived a few days later , like promised . I think this product is a must have for those of you who own a motorcycle , classic car , riding mower , and any other vehicle that gets stored for months at a time.Very easy to connect , It comes with a quick connect harness.Once connected , It does the work automatically , It will go to float mode to charge battery when needed , then switches to maintenance mode after fully charged.What does this mean to you ? It takes the worry about not knowing if your bike or other vehicle is going to start when you need it.If you are looking for a charger , then definatly buy one , but make sure you buy the correct one for your needs.They make 6v and 12v , with different amps.I myself bought the12v -LRB- 021-0128 battery tender plus -RRB- others would have worked also , like the junior , also 12v , but less amps.I rather spend a few more dollars and get more amps.Plenty of info on whatever you decide to buy , Prices at Amazon are hard to beat , I shop the internet often , and the outcome is usually Amazon.Shipping is sometimes free , -LRB- SUPER SAVER TAKES 5-8 DAYS -RRB- or sometimes they have a special on two-day shipping with a free trial of Amazon Prime . Hope this review helped you in making your choice . Happy Shopping ... . Ron
 I bought this product on the recommendation of posters to a BMW website . A replacement BMW battery for my car can cost in excess of $ 500 . The car is only used for pleasure , therefore it sits in the garage for lengthly periods of time without being used . I definitely did n't want to replace the battery because of non-use , so I bought the Deltran charger . It works as advertised . The Amazon price was a pleasant surprise .
 Very nice . I bought two of these . I made two 4-way splitters , so I can hook up 4 batteries per unit . I make sure only 1 battery is hooked up during the initial charging -LRB- during higher amp draws -RRB- , then I connect to the splitter to have the tender maintain and keep them charged .
 I 'm using this to trickle charge my motorcycle battery . So far it does what it say it will do . It 's nice and small so I can sit it on top of the seat and still use the bike 's cover . It does n't appear to generate any heat . Very happy .
 had one for years and bought one for a friend.Great inexpensive charger and solid quality . I 've used it to tend the battery of my cars I barely drive and recharge batteries that just lost their `` UMPH '' . You 'd be surprised that even on a healthy car , the battery just does n't quite charge fully . Batteries that I thought were dying just need a good charge and they came back to life for years.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a charger and a battery trickle charger/maintainer . Does both very well .
 i have many bikes and cant start them all twice a month this little gadget takes care of all my batterys now i have 5 tenders and still going strong
 I 've used these chargers for years , and never had any issue with them . Still have every one I ever bought . I just bought this one to go with the new motorcycle . I have one for each toy .
 I bought this for my motorcycle while garaged over the winter and I love it easy to setup , convenient , nice features easy to install pig tails for quick connect works great .
 I am very satisified eith htis charger . I use it on my rider mower and my tiller during off season and they are always ready to go .
 Here is a must have for anyone with a battery that needs to be on a charger for extended periods of time . This is the second battery tender I 've owned and they work great . I highly recommend this product .
 This is the product that I have been looking for my 1985 Vette ! I store it for periods of time in the winter .
 I have owned this product for over a month now and it has maintained the battery in my garaged car . It works exactly as advertised , the car starts up everytime .
 With the winter coming we purchased this for both of our cars so that in case we have battery problems we have this trickler to boost our batteries . I have not had to use it yet .
 This charger works great for what I got it for . Can not go wrong with this one .
 This Battery Tender works great ! I will use it on my RV in the winter and my hot rod the rest of the year .
 This is my third battery tender plus . I use them on cars , mowers and bikes and they have always worked 100 % . .
 I got my car plugged in all winter long . My car will start right up . It does what it 's suppose to do . Absolutely love this product !
 This charger was recommended to me by a friend . I got it at a better price than my friend did and it 's exactly what I wanted .
 The item came in great shape and was here on the date that was stated . Thank you
 Bought the Batter tender plus . . it works great no complaints fully auto , does everything , just plug it in and leave her alone . NO worries . Maybe a bit overpriced . . i know there are cheaper chargers out there . . maybe its just paying for the name . . i dont know . . but anyway , im very happy with mine .
 EASY TO INSTALL . ALL NECESSARY MATERIAL INCLUDED . PERFORMS AS STATED IT WOULD . EXCELENT UNIT . I HAVE HAD IT A COUPLE OF MONTHS AND AM VERY PLEASED.MEL FINEBURG
 Great product , just as described . Have only used it a few times , but seems to be just what I needed . Fast shipping too .
 A car we store for the winter in an un-heated garagehas the battery go dead with-in a month . And a couple of times the parasitic drain ruined a cell/battery . So we bought a Battery Tender for that issue.One does n't need to be versed about an automobileor a BT to use one and solve a variety of problems.It 's a worry free ~ wonderful product that completely monitors itself.You can leave it hooked up for weeks or months etc.All though you ought to check on it every once in a while.The cab light in our truck was left on overnight & would n't startthe BT restored it enough with-in two hours to turn the motor over.A battery must have at least 3 volts left or the BT wo n't initiate chargingThen your down to jumping it , if the battery is n't yet ruined.The cords of the Battery Tender Plus are ~ Electric cord -LRB- box to outlet -RRB- 6 ft 2 `` longCable that clips to a battery -LRB- with clips attached - box to battery -RRB- 7 ftGiving a possible continual length of over 13 ft.If that 's not long enough , the 25 ft BT extension is economicaland our experience is that the BT is just as effective weather the ex is used or not.Footnote
 This product works as stated in its advertising . I use it primarily to keep my 19 amp hour battery charged up that drives the motors and go-to on my telescope mount . I appreciate this charger 's ability to do so in a way that protects and extends the life of the battery . It has given me no reason for complaint.TROPHY -LRB- The Trophy Saga -RRB- TROPHY
 I got this to plug in to my lawn mower a few weeks till spring to make sure the battery had a good charge , since I had to use a motorcycle to jump it earlier in the winter , to see if it worked after I bought it -LRB- came with the house -RRB- . This Battery Tender did the job . I plugged it in for a few weeks , and then when it came time to start up the mower , it had no issues.The small size of the unit is a plus , as it is easy to store when not in use .
 Great product . Used it for my optima deep cycle boat d24 battery . I can leave it plugged in over night and it will charge it up without me worrying if it will over charge the battery .
 That 's right , The Best ! I have 6 of theses units from .75 amps per hour to 6.5 amps per hour . They make the regular batteries in my jet skis , motorcycles , last 5 or more years and the truck camper AGM 125 amp hour battery stays topped off . I 've had 1 of my battery tenders since 2003 . As I get new toys I get a matching charger for it . I hate buying batteries . These are much less expensive ... by a long shot .
 This is good for what it is made for slowly charge then maintain a car batt.I like that it comes with two cords one can be hooked up perment then if you have a temp . use you can unplug an use the alagator clips .
 ... and going strong ! I 've yet to have a problem starting the engine on our roadster , which tends to get very little to no use during the winter months . The 2nd one I purchased 3 years ago for a relative 's roadster , which also is rarely driven during the winter months and they 've never had a problem starting up their car every spring . Recently purchased a 3rd for a friend who thinks it 's the bomb ! Yes , you should drive your car every couple of weeks ... but honestly , I 've gone a few months , and my relative usually goes all winter.This is the only charger/trickle charger I 'll ever rely on , for safety and quality .
 I read many reviews before I decided to purchase the battery tender . It works just as described in the product description .
 I purchased this item for a collector car that is sometimes stored for weeks at a time . It keeps the car 's battery properly charged and I no longer have to deal with a dead batter when the car is put to use . Excellent product ... highly recommended !
 The battery tender works wonderful and it was shipped to me very fast !! I would highly recommend this product to everybody . This is my third one and I love them !!
 I could have used the Battery Tender Junior but ordered this model to get the separate lights on the box . For those of us that are color deficient , it is nice to have the separate green and red lights . I have used the charger only once and it worked well . The lights are easy to see , even for me . Amazon delivered as promised .
 I use it on a 99 BMW M Coupe . Easy to use , clamps big enough to attach on BMW charging points -LRB- jumper cable points -RRB- . In use for about 2 months now , no issues , car started like new yesterday .
 Batteries last much longer when charged up -- smart charger can not overcharge stored batteries , small size makes deployment underhood or anywhere you need it easily done and convenient to move when required . Does everything that much more expensive chargers do and the manufacturer is respected in the field -- I would buy another like it if I needed to -- already own two .
 I have an Acura 2005 TL in which I installed a custom rearview camera . Even with careful track of wiring and switches I still managed to have a parasitic 300 mA current drain -LRB- might be from the other custom audio components -RRB- that managed to kill the battery one night . It was annoying to have to jump start every few days . When I took the car to the dealership all they did was charge the battery using a similar unit!I use this unit every two weeks and it recharges the battery overnight without any problems . It comes with its own plug harness so you can bolt to the battery and clip in quickly to the base unit . I highly recommend this unit if you have similar problems !
 Battery charger is everything I expected . This is a second charger for me , first one is a Yuasa Smart Shot which is also an excellent charger and still works perfectly ! I have every confidence that this charger will last a very long time and they are very affordable . Only problem was Amazon accidently shipped the 6 volt version the first time . I contacted them , they emailed a free return shipping tag , and overnight shipped the correct charger.Excellent customer service and I was able to talk to a service rep that was fluent in english and very polite ! Bottom line , buy the charger and do business with Amazon !
 I ordered this charger to replace an older outdated charger and it has more than met my expectations . It is very useful for keeping car , lawnmower , jetski etc. batteries charged through the winter . The unit itself is smaller than I expected my old charger was 5 times the size , this unit is very compact which is great for storage and placement while charging . I would rec this charger to anyone looking for a replacement charger .
 I have had a parasitic drain for a while that I have not had the time to diagnose , I also wanted something to keep my battery charged in my non-daily driver , this is small , easy to use , and works perfectly so far , it charged up my battery overnight , and then went into storage mode , which means I can stop worrying about the drain till I can get the more pertinent repairs I am doing on the car right now.For the money I highly recommend this , or the water-proof version of this !
 this product does what it says it does . it is a good product . no problems with it so far . i can plug it in and leave it to do its thing .
 i received my battery tender quickly . it was easy to hook up and it does what it says it will do .
 I bought this for my motorcycle because I do n't ride it as much in the winter and the battery discharges while the bike is sitting in the garage . The battery tender installed in about 5 minuter . I plugged it in and works wonderfully . Now when I ride my bike starts immediately and the battery is always charged . Excellent purchase and would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 The Battery Tender Plus does exactly what it claims to do , maintain your battery with minimal hassel , just plug it in , and it does the rest . The permanently mounted quick connect harness is a nice feature that makes it easy to conncect the charger . In my case on a 1996 Corvette , I do n't even have to raise the hood , the connector is routed through the cooling vent on the side of the car . You 'll need to get extended battery cable bolts to attach the quick connect harness to a side terminal battery , but they are available at an suto parts store and are an easy install .
 I have had motorcycles and cars for years . Keeping the batteries from sulphating is a big problem for other than every day drivers . The technology in the Battery Tender Plus is exactly what I need for the batteries in my classic cars as well as my Harley . I like it so much that I bought Battery Tender Plus units for my two brothers so that they can keep the batteries alive in their motorcycles too ... Great product and I hope to be able to save some bucks not having to replace batteries as often , not to mention that I can hop on my Harley and take off at a moment 's notice ... I plan to use it on my boat marine battery too ... . I may order the 4-up model to be able to keep multiple batteries alive at the same time ...
 Excellent product . Deltran makes excellent quality products . Order received quickly from Amazon as always .
 I have always had a problem keeping the batteries on my two `` Sunday Drivers '' charged during winter and other times when the car was torn apart as a project car . This does the trick . I have not had an issue at all starting either vehicle . The light indicators is great for letting me know when the battery is charged , or has been almost completely drained . I was amazed at how much difference this has made , and plan on purchasing another so that I do n't have to switch the unit back and forth between vehicles .
 This year circumstances allowed me to store my precious BMW -LRB- I did n't feel like spending the $ $ $ on a new set of winter tires , and a winter beater fell into my lap -RRB- , and this little battery tender is keeping her alive through the cold & snowy season . So far , so good . I stop in once a month and start the car up and move it a few feet to prevent flat-spotting the tires , and it 's obvious to me that the battery is being kept at full charge . Without the tender , I do n't think that it would last 2 weeks.Hook up was simple , and the battery leads are long enough to allow me to just perch the unit on a small table next to the car . Depending on where you have your car stored , an extension cord may be necessary , as the power cord itself is n't all that long . Once you have the clamps in place , just plug it in , and you 're set .
 I have used several Battery Tenders to keep seldom used battery started vehicles ready to go and to protect the batteries . This product is the current upgrade of my previous models . Great product . Oldest unit is over ten years old and it still works great . Easily installed and used .
 After having used the Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender for about a month now , I can say I am very pleased with the Tender . I have alternated the Tender between two motorcycles and have found both motorcycle batteries to be fully charged at all times . I plan on using the Tender on my pickup during the summer months when I will be riding a motorcycle most of the time . I will not worry about having to charge the battery on the truck every now and then . I highly recommend this product
 I bought one of these as a gift for someone who like me has a pickup truck that is rarely driven and then bought one for myself . Of late , I found myself dragging out the jumper cables or my large battery charger because the thing kept going dead . I hooked up the Battery Tender and no more . I can see from the door that it is on and charged and I have n't had any trouble since . Ordered the Junior for my riding mower and awaiting it 's arrival . Since I usually have to buy a mower battery every year , If I extend the life of the battery even by one year , the Tender Jr. will have paid for itself . Well worth it .
 We have a Volvo convertible that only goes on the road when we can put the top down . So we often had a dead car in the garage . I bought the battery tender for my husband for Christmas . The car had been dead in the garage for over a week . He hooked up the tender , let it charge over night , and the car started right up . The unit is small , the green light is easily visible . So far so good .
 IF YOU HAVE A COLLECTOR CAR OR ANY CAR THAT IS NOT USED FOR AN EXTENDED PERIOD OF TIME THIS ITEM IS A MUST HAVE . IT WORKS GREAT AND THE PRICE ON AMAZON IS THE BEST DEAL YOU WILL FIND . WE HAVE 2 VEHICLES THAT WE USE THE CHARGER FOR , AND NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH A DEAD OR OVERCHARGED BATTERY.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM .
 I bought one and it works great . I 'm buying another as a present because it works that great.Jody Bissoon
 I am using this device to trickle charge 2 scooters , a Honda & a Yamaha . The quick connectors -LRB- which I have n't installed yet -RRB- are great and will make make this process of switching from one scooter to another much easier . I highly recommend this charger .
 It 's a great little device . It charged my completely dead battery in less than two days . After that , I kept it on . It wo n't harm the battery . It has been working fine since then.It 's easy to use and hook up .
 I ride a Goldwing Trike and I have had a battery tender for years . Nothing else lets me keep the battery in the bike in the winter without the cold damaging the battery . I have found that it extends the life of the battery by as much as 2 years . Amazon had the best price and the service and delivery were excellent .
 This is the first time I have purchased a battery tender.It has worked great for my auto battery.The size of the tender is perfect . It has kept the battery charged ever since , especially since the battery sits.Highly recommend it to everyone . Fast delivery service from Amazon and it was in stock .
 This product works EXACTLY as advertised . Easy to install and `` idiot prof. '' If you leave you vehicle parked for extended periods of time , you need a Battery Tender . -LRB- No I do n't work for the company . -RRB-
 I was using a black & decker `` smart charger '' before this and it sucked . would always give me errors no matter the battery I triedgot the battery tender and it works fine . used it a few times on various batteries and has always worked.side note for optima people
 I 've had my Battery Tender Plus for 10 years , it has bounced off the concrete garage floor a number of times and still works fine . It has really extended the life of my motorcycle batteries . I leave it plugged in all of the time , it will not overcharge or boil a battery . Excellent product .
 I own two of these units , one dual bank charger and one Deltran 5 amp waterproof charger . If you need your boat , motorcycle or power equipment to start after storage then this is the maintainer . Works great and keeps batteries at 100 % . I rotate mine from battery to battery so I have gotten extra battery hookups . Makes life easy .
 Easy to use , easy to set up . The little green light indicates it 's happy , too.There 's no way to know , of course , whether it made a difference since the alternative was to disconnect my '96 BMW M3 's battery.Don ' t bother with the cover . As noted elsewhere , the package it comes in is suitable for storage .
 The charger came in quickly and was cheaper than I could find anywhere else . Worked just as described and now my bike is good for the winter .
 This battery tender is perfect for the job in maintaining your motorcycle battery in cold weather . I highly recommend this product to anyone who keeps their motorcycle outdoors . It 's small and light and plugs effortlessly with the pigtail attachment cable for quick plug-in plug-off . Sam Medina
 against advice the FIRST battery tender I purchased was from a local place and the reviews were not so great but being impatient I bought it and paid the price of not buying the best . 2 months later the product stopped working and another dead battery . Even when it did work , the car sounded like it was n't getting fully juiced on start . So i finally ordered the Del-Tran Plus , hooked up to a dead car to see what the hype was about . The next day the car fired right up and sounded like a brand new car , not a 10 year old garage kept ride . I have been nothing but impressed and would highly recommend it .
 Battery Tender works great . Buyers should consider the 25 ' extension ; it would be easier to hook-up if there were longer leads .
 Excellent product . Easy to use . Reasonable price . Seems to be reliable and safe . I would recommend it to a friend .
 Great for cars in storage or used infrequently . Smart electronics will maintain your battery . Good Price .
 Like many others , I have a car that sits more than I 'd like it to . It 's a 2006 Pontiac GTO and the electronics in it draw a lot of juice while it 's sitting idle . Before I got this battery tender , I 'd have to start the car up every three weeks or so or risk draining the battery . You would n't think that would be a tough thing to do , but it 's happened three times over the past year . Twice the battery was beyond saving . After I received the tender , I hooked up the rings to the battery and use the quick connect . It works like a champ . I have n't noticed an impact on my monthly electrical bill , either.My only reservation is the size of the alligator clips . The clamps on the GTO are big and I would n't trust the supplied clips not to slip off .
 Bought this for a miata that gets driven all year long , but only intermittently . Had installed an on/off switch to battery , but kept forgetting to turn off the battery . Now I am at full power whenever I choose to drive the car . All my radio presets and clock are intact . Easy to install quick connect cable . Should have done this a long time ago .
 Battery tender works just like it suppose too ! No Complaints so far for the 2 months I have owned it.Battery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger
 Excellent battery charger , small compact design , great for vehicles that sit a lot which causes the battery to drain down over time , I have theses on my truck , motorcycle and tractor and have never had any problems with starting , a really GREAT product .
 I would have guessed that this would be one of those `` too good to be true '' products , but it 's NOT ! It IS true - all of it . I leave it attached all the time I 'm not driving . When it 's -LRB- the battery -RRB- charged the green light shines . If it gets close to overcharging the battery it shuts itself off , then comes back on when the battery 's charge drops even a little . The design is logical and tidy . Honestly , this charger would be a bargain at TWICE the price . Two things you need to know
 Great product . I have had one for years on my motorcycle . Bought this one for my girlfriends bike .
 This is an outstanding product that really works if you have a Vehicle that you seldom use . It not only keeps your battery up , it will tell you when the Vehicle is not fully charging a battery when in use . Would highly recommend .
 The constant small drain from the many electronics on some cars will slowly discharge the battery in a car that is not used for a couple of weeks at a time . The battery tender prevents this . It shuts off when the battery is full so as not to overdo it . I had a question and phoning Deltram solved it .
 This is absolutely a great little device to either keep your collector car battery up to snuff or to bring it back to life after a long winter 's storage . It is everything as advertised !
 2/13/08I am extremely pleased with the Deltran product . I have been using the battery tender for two months now on my car and motorcycles . They start every time and the tender very easy to use . The Amazon price is the best and the shipping was extremely fast !
 I use this to deep charge a 5-year old Yuasa battery in my CBR600RR . Every month or so -LRB- when I hear the battery get weak -RRB- I run an extension cord outside and put it on the charger for about 4 hours , and it 's as good as new . It comes with the regular alligator clips and a quick release plug that you can install onto your battery -LRB- which is what I do -RRB- . What 's nice is this does double duty for my car battery too.This is my only battery charger , so I have nothing to compare it to - but it works as advertised - clean and simple .
 great product saves on your battery i have mine on motorcycle its always charged ready to go your motorcyle doesnt have to work overtime trying to charge your battery back probably saves on the charging system there exspensive if have to replace your alternator ect .
 I bought two of these last year - one for the bike , one for the jet-ski ! plugged it in around halloween & both started fine in the spring ! Cheaper than buying a new battery every year like I used to do . Quick Disconnect is a great accessory - you can use it all year then & just unplug the bike when you take it for a ride . Probably would work good on lawn mower as well since they have 6v and 12v models
 Now I do n't have to worry about a dead battery . Just plug the battery into the tender and I know the battery is going to be fully charged for the next start .
 This is the perfect device to maintain a battery being keep in storage or otherwise not be used . The LED status lights are a great feature to allow the user to visually check the status of the charge in the battery at any time .
 You 've got to see how brilliantly this little thing works . I have had the charger on my bike for almost a month and have had no problems with it . It charged an almost dead battery and has kept it going since .
 plugged it in and it works . real simple . bike starts like a champ . lets se how it holds up over the winter
 This is a nice charger . Has covers on wire ends . You can put a timer on this because it does not need to be reprogramed if power is interrupted .
 The charger seams to work as it should . The quality is good . I could n't touch this price locally . I bought this to keep the motorcycle battery charged over winter so It should be perfect for that .
 I have two marine deep cycle batteries and a truck that stays in the garage most of the time . No more forgetting to take the battery off the charger . I switch it to each battery from time to time . I probably need to get another one . Great product !
 small reliable unit . plug it in and leave it on your battery without worries of overcharge . does ` nt make any difference on how long you keep it connected . It will not overcharge or fry your battery
 I 'm not sure what is different about this charge but it seems to recover batteries . I have a High current charger forlarger batteries that tells me the battery is unrecoverable . I put this on it for a couple days and now the battery is good.I 'm not sure how much longer trhe battery will last , but , the Battery Tender saved this one for a while when no others could.What ever this unit does , I do n't know . It pulses the battery or something .5 Stars for this product .
 The charger is well recommended and i have used it for a month and it works great . The charger is maintaining my battery and hopefully will make it last longer . Great product .
 Amazing charger , and you ca n't even mess up if you wanted to with this one ! :-RRB- I definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to charge batteries of all sizes !
 Purchased the Battery Tender Plus because the place I purchased my current motorcycle from used these -LRB- just the multi outlet version -RRB- on all their bikes . I started using mine , and I 'm very happy with it . No more trickle chargers , over charging , or dead batteries . Just buy this , you 'll never go back to a regular charger again !
 bought this to keep my boston whaler topped off ... this does the job efficiently quietly and safely . better than expected ! would highly recommend .
 I was having a lot of battery drain issues on one of my cars . I discreetly installed the wiring and now have the tender on at all times . The car starts every time . Perfect .
 The battery tender by Deltran is by far the best on the market . It a little pricey but ya get what ya pay for .
 The Deltran SuperSmart Battery Tender Plus 12-Volt 1.25 AMP Battery Charger -LRB- Purchased on 02/10/2009 -RRB- is all that it claims to be . My battery was dead and it charged it fully.Since I do n't drive a lot , I kept it attached to the battery to assure that my car starts when I need it . Great little product !
 I had heard of these small charging systems ... took a chance , and was really pleased . This is so convenient and easy to work with . My equipment is fully charged , now . Excellent product ... Battery Tender Plus
 Arrived very timely without any problems . Unit works great ! Would strongly recommend this battery charger for all those batteries that sit out in the garage all winter and usually end up dead .
 Easy to understand instructions along with all the right adapter cords in the package . Installed and charging in 15 minutes . With instructive operating pilot lights .
 I looked at several models of battery chargers and settled on this one because the instructions for hookup were very simple and clear . It took just minutes to install the charger . I liked the caution safeguards provided along with step by step installation to avoid an improper hook up that could damage the battery.My wife even hooked it up properly !!
 This baby works like a charm . My RV 's battery would die all the time because of the alarm . Now it stays charged , and armed . Simple as that.Easy to use . No problems .
 The charger works like a charm ! I live walking-distance to just about everything , so I can easily go a week at a time without driving . This , combined with an old OEM battery that needs replacement and living in an environment with cold winters , and I was jump-starting my car nearly every time I wanted to go anywhere . Realizing that the jump-starts were only addressing the symptom , I did some research and came up with a rather unique solution . Because I live in an apartment complex , I do n't have a power outlet anywhere near my car . As such , I ca n't just hook the charger up to my battery and plug it in to a wall socket while securely parked in a garage . So , I use the same jump-starter -LRB- the Stanley J5C09 500 Amp Jump Starter -RRB- as a power source , a DC-converter -LRB- with a low-battery automatic shut-off - very important ! -RRB- , and this charger . I drilled a hole through the engine firewall , ran the charger 's extension cable from the battery through the firewall into the cabin , and to the back seat . To charge the car battery , I plug the DC-converter into the Stanley , and the charger into the converter . I get a good 2-3 hour charge off the Stanley , and with the automatic low-battery shut-off on the DC-converter , I 'm assured that there will not be a total drain of the Stanley , from which it may not come back . After charging my car battery , done bi-weekly , I bring the Stanley into my apartment and charge it back up , which usually takes around 24 hours.This setup has paid for itself several times over after only a few months ! Because I 'm not obligated to drive several hours a week just to keep the battery from dying , I save time and money every week . And with speculators constantly driving the price of commodities , including oil/gasoline , higher and higher , I 'll continue to save a great deal of money with this charger setup , not to mention the fact that I 'm not putting nearly as much CO2 into the atmosphere . And , finally , not having to jump-start my car anymore saves wear-and-tear on the engine and the hood-release cable , not to mention the fact that it makes driving trips that much quicker and easier .
 This product works as advertised and I 'm completely satisfied with it 's performance . Delivery was quick.Don ' t try to get by with an inferior or cheaper product . This battery tender will perform as advertisedEspecially for long term storage.Sky Dog
 I first got this Plus model , which has a two LED indicator system and charges at a bit higher rate when in charge mode vs. the same company 's Junior model . It was well built and worked exactly as promised charging , then going eventually to a low power ` float ' state . I then got the Junior version one for a second vehicle . That has only a single LED indicator , but seems to work just as well . Having the Plus version gave me the confidence in this company to by another . If you only need one , I would say just buy the Junior version , however . Very good product .
 Life saver for VT600C Shadow VLX - battery is difficult to get to , an adding the connector gives easy recharging if there is some time between your rides . Would buy again and buy from this dealer .
 Bought this for an 88 Jepp I use very seldom . I only wish I had bought this years ago ! Works fantastic , charged the jeep battery all night , strted on a single turn of the key , amazing . Im going to use it to charge a lawn tractor and my boat , great investment , highly recommend !
 I bought this for my generic china Scooter . It has a 12v 7a battery , that I left in over two winter seasons . Needless to say it was n't starting by button and I was almost positive the battery was dead . Hooked it up over night and it must have still had some capacity because the next day after work the green light was steady and my Scooter started up by button again.I 'm sure the battery is over half way shot , but the Battery Tender Plus may have brought it back for a season . Running the scooter was n't enough to get it to keep a charge . I 'm glad I read the guys review who recommended the Plus instead of the Jr. . I 'm fairly patient but if it takes over 12 hrs for a Scooter battery , I would n't want to wait on a cars.This winter I 'll be using it to keep what 's left of my battery , and hopefully I 'll be equally as pleased .
 Good item , does what it says . It is also alot cheaper than the BMW brand battery tender that is exactly the same but twice the cost . So far its worked great , kept my 2004 BMW X3 3.0 i battery charged and ready to go . My vehicle would only sit for ~ 3-4 before not starting due to lack of battery charge and of course BMW nor my own mechanic could find the power draw . I searched some forums and found its a common problem with BMW but their official response was that their vehicles were `` required '' to be driven at least 20 miles a day at high speed . I thought that was ridiculous but of course BMW America is full of it so I ask what they recommended and they suggested their own battery tender -LRB- twice the cost as I mentioned earlier -RRB- but they did n't offer the aux power outlet attachement , only the `` gator clips '' that connect directly to the battery -LRB- which is under the back floor in the hatch area -RRB- . Once I learned the actual brand name of the manufacturer that made BMW , I looked at their site and their normal product was much cheaper.So I highly recommend buying this one , it charges the battery even if its dead , and then gives the battery a `` floating '' charge that keeps it at an optimal level for use and life expectancy .
 The Tender was a great investment , I use is it on my jetski 's and motorcycle . Extremely easy to use , plug n play , works as advertised . You can leave it plugged in all winter without giving it a second thought , then listen to your toys roar to life in the spring , perfect .
 It came in the mail and checked out some of my older batteries and put the charger to them . Worked fine , raised them up from the dead . Convient to charge my scoot with seat on , and also good for a long winters nap with long trickle charge time ! Nothing but a great battery charger !
 product works as exspected . this is my second one . i use it to charge a wave runner , motorcycle and atv .
 This is the second one that I purchased . Now there is one for each of the two vehicle that I own so the charger does n't have to moved .
 Excellent product for anyone who doesnt drive their vehicle daily . Highly recommended . I drivemy modified Stang occasionally but i need the battery to be nicely charged amd ready anytime .
 car sits in garage sometimes over a week without being run . battery used to get weak , but now I hook this up and never worry . battery stays charged and electronics work without a problem .
 To date , my usage for the Battery Tender Plus has been very successful , dependable and user friendly . For my application , it was the right product at the right price . My purchase online with Amazon was cheaper than at the local retail stores .
 service was very good this looks like good heavey charger small and easey to store . comes with every thing you need
 Bought this item based on extensive research . It is a top notch product . Great price and good performance . Highly recommend this item .
 Excellent product , it saves me from buying car batteries -LRB- 3 in 4 years -RRB- every time I leave my cars for several months . I now use the same product in both the US and UK . They work without fail .
 Great charger to keep my collector car battery fully charged even while I ` m not using the car . During the winter i wo n`t be using the car that much , and it will keep the battery up to full charge . It knows when to charge and when to maintain , so as not to overcharge , it has a brain .
 We have a scooter we use at the dragway and bought this to keep it 's battery charged between races . It works great without overcharging the battery . Highly recommend getting the Battery Tender Plus because it 's heavier duty and comes with the 10 yr . warrenty .
 I own battery tenders for my motorcycle and 4 wheeler . I recently needed to purchase another one for my father 's new riding mower . Nothing beats a Battery Tender for extending the life of any battery ! Amazon by far had the cheapest price and the delivery was sooner than the estimated time frame they gave me . Great product-Great service !
 I use this on my Florida car that sits in the garage for 7 months ... 3 years now & it starts on first asking when arriving from north
 After many dead batteries due to vehicles which are not driven regularly , I finally figured it out . The Battery Tender works perfectly and whenever I decide to go for a ride there is no worry about the engine starting .
 I have a collector car that does n't get started often . I would try to keep it charged by starting the car occasionally but that did n't work . This product was simple to hook up and works very well . I would certainly recommend this product for this purpose .
 Installed the connections to my battery on my Mustang . Connect up the battery tender to the connections and it has kept my battery charged for over 5 years with no problems . Since I only drive the car about once a month , this battery tender has worked out great . Never a dead battery .
 Made a battery backup for my mother in laws wood pellet stove . I picked this unit to charge and float the batteries . Works perfectly .
 First battery tender I 've purchased . Used to rely on chargers and memory to keep the bike battery alive . That did n't work so well and now I do n't have to rely on the faulty memory chip .
 Working for years in the house and in the unheated garaged ... Charges fast and keeps battery healthy . Solid casing and great connectors .
 This unit works exactly as described , no problems at all . The only reason Idid not give it a 5 star rating is it is a bit pricey compared to other like units.I would reccomend it to anyone needing a battery maintenance device .
 Now that I realize how important it is to keep the battery charged -LRB- extends the life -RRB- , I wo n't be without one of these again . Worth every penny !
 It seams to do the job well . I was not thrilled tha it is made in China , but other than that it is a great product .
 This charger really gets the job done.You do n't have to worry about over charging.Automatically shuts off at 75 % of charge.Comes back on when it drops below 70 % . Worry free.Use it on the cars when we go to Florida for 3 months in the winter.Cars start right up when we come home .
 took charger out of shipping box only to hear a screw rolling around inside of it . i have used this item and there dont seem to be a default with it , tell me how you rate a charger it works and does what it does , charger is working 4 stars cause person shipping could of pick up a different one to ship instead of shiping the one with the screw rolling around .
 This is a great item ! I 've had one for years and I have bought two more to keep all my batteries topped off and in excellent condition .
 I use this Battery Charger on my motorcycle . It keeps the battery charged all winter . I am able to start the bike at any time without using a jump start . The trickle charge allows me to leave it plugged in constantly . The Battery Tender is not for a quick charge like some more powerful chargers . It &#34; tends &#34; the battery all the time at a low voltage , constantly keeping it charged without overcharging . I would recommend this unit to anyone .
 It no pain no stress easy and care free any one has a Motor Cycle its great not just a motor cyccle but any thing that has a battery . I should of had one way before this . Im glad I have it now My Harley be ready too go in the spring Yippie
 I 'm a snowbird . This is my third one . It 's good to know that after months of being away , my car will start without calling AAA . Solid product at a fair price . I gave one as a gift to my son-in-law for winter storage of his Corvette . If the battery goes dead on the newer Corvettes it costs $ 860 to re-program the computers !
 I have been using this thing very often , a lot more than i thought i would have . i hook it up to my bike at least once a month to charge the battery . I also hook it up to our cars when i know they have been sitting for a while . It seems to make the battery like new . The battery starts the bike / car quicker than it would have due to sitting . Since it is very small it does take a while to fully charge a normal car battery . the small bike battery took about 2-4 hours . But just leave it go overnight and you have a full fresh battery in the morning !
 Very good product . I own 3 of them.It really saves your battery and makes it last alot longer . I would recommend it Highly .
 I have a classic car and I only drive it when it 's nice weather . Needless to say it sit in my garage over the winter months . Since I started using the battery tender I have no problems when I want to start my car after setting for a few months . It 's small and easily portable . While it does not work as a booster to start a car that has a dead battery it does charge over time too . My battery was in need of charging bad . It took the tender a couple of days to get the battery fully charged . It was slow but it got the job done and now it is staying maintained . I 'm very happy with this product and I would recommend it to anyone that is storing a car or boat and does not want to find a dead battery .
 Yes Yes , This thing charged my battery . Not in record time but It got the job done . It got here on time too .
 I purchased the Battery Tender for my 1999 Corvette . Sometimes it sits in the garage for several weeks without getting run . This tender seems to keep the battery fully charged . Once it 's done charging I never see the charge light back on . Now I 'm thinking of getting a smaller one for my ride on tractor .
 Excellent little product . Great for collector cars that are rarely driven . Saves alternator , If car sets for a long time the alternator has to constantly put our maximum charge every time the car is started shortening alternator life . The primary reason for this device as mentioned above is to prolong battery life buy keeping battery fully charged and avoiding high battery temps during chemical activity of Max charging , thus lowering battery life . Most obvious benefit . No dead Battery after long storage
 I purchased this charger to support my motorcycles battery when not in used . Motorcycles as many know should be driven at minimum once a week to maintain running conditions . I noticed my motorcycle was not starting up 100 % like it used to when I first purchased the machine . I also noticed I had to kill the auxiliary lights from time to time to get it to start.Once I purchased this Battery Tender and installed the cable directly to my battery terminals per the supplied connection . Its a 1 , 2 , plug in and I 'm done and the battery is being charged . This Tender will get a full use from me and keeps me from worrying about being stuck with a dead battery.Awesome !
 This was purchased for my motorcycle but decided to spend a few extra dollars to get the battery charger hook up too . The harness stays on my bike so I can have it tended whenever parked but can disconnect from the harness and connect the gator clips -LRB- battery charger -RRB- for other batteries that may need attention . Easy to use , great product for the multi user .
 Purchased this product after having `` problems '' with other chargers . The charger really works great , I allow it `` float charge '' my batteries without hesitation , I 've determined it works great . -LRB- It 's displayed for sale at retail in very reputable recreational vechicle dealerships where I do business -LRB- @ way higher prices ! -RRB- . It 's the only product they display , it seems to be the best choice for most customers.The cord -LRB- s -RRB- w/plug in disconnect is plently long , but I also purchased and recommend the 25 ft. accessory cord . Apparently , the `` resistance '' added by the additional wire length is n't a performance problem.It 's a great float charger.Bruce Q.NE Illinois
 This charger does exactly what it says . I use it for a third car that sits in the garage . Now I do n't have to worry about the battery dying and needing to jump it . It is easy to use and very durable .
 If you store your vehicle , this is worth it . Keeps battery fresh when you go to start it after sitting for months . Worth every penny and great quality too .
 Had a 99 Trans Am battery that discharged during winter time due to no driving . Hooked this up , waited a few days , and after steady green light , car started with no problems . This product is reasonably priced , easy to use , small , lightweight , and has several protection mechanisms including overcharge . Although charging might have appeared slow , the battery has a sizable amp capacity so I have no problems with it being slow but effective . Highly recommend for residental folks like me who have cars that might not get driven constantly .
 I got a honda accord 2002 4cyl and battery died over the last winter.Car had to be jumpstarted by my second car.I was driving the car around for 20 - 30 min daily hoping it would recharge the battery enough so that it will last over the winter . And I was planning to replace the battery coming spring ... then I saw this product !! It was very easy to use and it only took 3-5 hrs to charge 80 % and I left the charger over night to make sure that it would charge the battery to max ... . In the next morning I saw the `` green '' signal , battery charge strength indicator , on the battery , which indicates that the battery is fully charged . Then I knew this product really worked . . This product not only saved me some $ $ $ but also environment friendly.One less car battery needs to be disposed !!!!! Great product !!!!! I strongly recommend to everyone ...
 I had accidentally left the lights on my bike on all night . The battery showed completely dead and the last time that happened I had to pay $ 60 for a new one . I hooked it up to the BT and initially the red light was blinking . That evening after work it was blinking green and the next morning it was all green . The bike fired right up and has worked fine since . Since the BT cost less than the battery , its already paid for itself .
 I have owned several competing battery chargers and they have worked properly for less than a year . Which in the end has resulted in failed batteries . I bought two of these chargers for my jet skis and they have worked great . The batteries are have lasted twice as long as ever before . I recently bought another one for a riding mower . I would recommend this product to anyone that has batteries that are not used consistently . It will ensure you have a working piece of equipment on first start !
 I have a car that you might call my fair weather ride so it sits in the garage quite often . The Battery Tender gives me the confidence of knowing the vehicle will start the first time , even if it has n't been turned over in six weeks or more . . No more worrying about overcharge from a traditional battery charger .
 this product is exactly what I was looking for . I have a second car that is kept garaged . I like the car to be ready to go for drives on nice days and this product is just what the doctor ordered . newer cars with all the electronics tend to drain batteries much faster when they sit for too long . the Battery Tender takes all the guesswork out of the process . just hook it up , plug it in and let it do the work ... no worries at all . even works on my Optima Red Top dry cell . car even seems to be running smoother with a little charge the night before when I know I am taking her out the next day . awesome product . highly recommended .
 I now have 5 Battery Tender Plus chargers . Ever since I started keeping my little used batteries on a Battery Tender , I have not had a battery failure.When I first bought my Generator -LRB- over 15 years ago -RRB- the starter batteries would only last a couple years because the Generator was used so infrequently , sometimes not for a couple years . Since then , I now leave a Battery Tender connected and also start the Generator once a year . The current battery in my Generator has now been in for almost 10 years!I had to replace the battery recently -LRB- 2 years ago -RRB- in my Polaris 800 ATV because it kept going dead -LRB- after couple months -RRB- because I did n't keep it on a charger -LRB- it sits in a shed with no electricity -RRB- . I did n't think it would be a problem because I use the ATV 4-5 times a year . But modern AGM and Freedom Batteries can not tolerate repeated deep discharges . I knew better but was too lazy to keep pulling the battery out or running a very long extension cord to the shed . Now I remove the battery and keep it connected to a Battery Tender.I could site many more instances where I am now getting triple or even greater life from equipment or vehicle batteries by keeping them connected to a Battery Tender Plus . Given that even a small ATV battery costs upwards of $ 60 , the cost of a Battery Tender will pay for itself in a few years.And Battery Tenders have a 10 year warranty , unheard of for any battery charger .
 product is very quiet and easy to use . u can recharge a car battery safely , without worry . The five star product reviews were very , very accurate and convinced me into ordering one off of amazon immediately . I am now a proud owner and intend on using it periodically to extend the life on my expensive car batteries for many years to come .
 I bought this battery tender to keep the battery on my large cube truck charged during the 2 week stretches that I do n't start the rig up . I also bought the matching cigarette lighter to make it quicker to hook it up -LRB- only works if your cig lighter socket is `` hot '' all the time ! -RRB- . It simply works flawlessly . I 've been using it for a couple of months , sometimes with the truck going 3 weeks without being started and have n't had a single issue . The truck has a larger-than-normal battery , but that makes no difference - it 's always charged and ready to go when I need it.Highly recommend - 5 stars .
 I am retired and drive infrequently . When I do drive , I make several very short trips so my battery is starting my car several times without getting a good charging . I put this on my battery every week or so and the battery is always fully charged . It takes about 24 hours to restore my battery to full charge . This is perfect for me . It works great ! The seller shipped it promptly . I could not be more satisfied .
 This tender is great
 I debated between this and some cheaper knock-offs but finally decided to go with the Battery Tender . I have no regrets about my decision . I do n't use my car -LRB- 97 , Accord -RRB- to drive much anymore and the -LRB- 2 month old -RRB- battery seemed to always be dead when I did need the car which happens when you do n't drive and your car sits in Florida sun.I connected up the terminal adapter that came with the product to my car battery and left the connector hanging out from under the hood . I then plugged the Battery Tender to an outlet in the garage , connected an extension cable -LRB- which I additionally purchased -RRB- between the Battery Tender and the adapter attached to my car battery . My car battery was initially dead but after 2 days I checked the Battery Tender and said that it was now in float and the battery should be good to go . I disconnected the Battery Tender and the car started right up.The Battery Tender works as designed and comes as a compact sturdy unit . For me this was a small price to pay to have piece of mind that my car will always start when I need it to.Excellent product .
 This battery tender was easy to use and worked just fine on its maiden voyage . I was away for three weeks , which is usually more than long enough for my Prius battery to die . THis time , I came back to find the battery fully charged and ready to go . I just wish someone had told me about battery tenders two years ago .
 I have a '92 Jeep Wrangler sitting out in the back yard . It rarely gets used . My son borrowed my truck & I was left without a ride so I tried starting the Jeep . `` Oh shoot ! Battery dead '' . I saw this device and most of the reviews were positive so I took a chance . This little device is just what I needed . It took two days for the batt . to completely charge , due to the low current rate and a completely drained batt . The device got pretty warm during the initial charge stage but cooled after reaching the maintenance stage . The green light starts blinking at 80 % charge and so at that point I tried starting the Jeep . It cranked right up ! So far , I 'm pleased . If it crashes I 'll let you know .
 This is my third active unit . I have one on my motorcyle , motor home and now a boat recently purchased . I 'm convinced that the battery life is extended several years and I never have a dead battery even when a vehicle sets idle for several months . Highly recommended . Amazon has a good price on the product compared to retailers in my area .
 I have nine different 12 volt batteries in various types of farm equipment ranging from ATV 's to diesel tractors . During the winter season when equipment is not in regular use , I rotate the Battery Tender Plus every two to three weeks through each of them leaving it for a day or two . Now all will start in cold weather if needed and I expect battery life on each of them to be extended as a result . I bought a spare ring terminal harness with fused two pin disconnect plug for the ATV 's so that I could leave the plug accessible and not need to remove the hood to access the battery . On the other equipment it is a simple matter to connect the alligator clamps to the battery terminals when moving the charger from one piece of equipment to another . The Tender works well and the process is simple . As a bonus , first use of the device served as a reminder to top off the battery fluids - something that might have been forgotten had I not been using the Tender .
 The Battery Tender is a great little product . I use it to keep the batteries in my motor home fresh during the time it is parked on my property between road trips . It has never failed to keep my engine and house batteries fresh and ready to go on another adventure . I do n't know what I would do to keep my batteries charged without the Battery Tender .
 This is the second Battery Tender I have purchased . I purchased my first Battery Tender Plus 15 years ago and it is still working fine . I use it to keep a charge on my motorcycle , boat , and lawn tractor batteries over the winter storage months . I needed an additional charger this year and based on my previous experience , I did n't hesitate to buy a Battery Tender Plus again . The new one works great , just like the 15 year old one ! If you need a trickle charge type battery charger to maintain your batteries while in off-season storage , I strongly recommend the Battery Tender Plus . You will not be disappointed .
 Just had it about 2 weeks and so far it has worked excellently.Set up was a breeze and unit operated as advertised.My problem was an infrequently used van which would have a dead battery after sitting idle for a couple of weeks or more . Just started the van after sitting idle for 2 weeks -LRB- hooked up to Battery Tender Plus -RRB- and it cranked first time . Just what I needed.I 'll try to report back later on durability .
 Plug it in and let it go . If you have a battery with caps to add water check it per instructions but in my case with a sealed AGM type battery there is no need to check . One thing I like is the Alligator Clips are big enough to go around the battery posts and have a firm grip . It 's only been on my street rod for a couple of weeks since I covered it and put it away for the winter but so far no issues and I do n't expect any as Battery Tender was recommended by a friend who keeps three vehicles that only get occasional use charged up with battery tenders he has had for years . Here is a case where you do get what you pay for . A little more money in return for trouble free operation .
 got it love using it . does just what it says it would do . saved me lots of $ $ in replacement batteries over the winter months .
 Helps move air around inside fridge . Helps cool quick when loading full of groceries for trips . Small and does not take up a lot of room . There is no on off switch so I just snap the battery cap off when not in use
 I bought this to see if it would help on the temperature only . It does work . My refrigerator used to only get down to 38 at night and about 44 during the day -LRB- opening it so much during day -RRB- . Now temp gets to about 33 at night and around 38-40 during day .
 I have n't used this in the RV fridge yet since we have n't been camping since I bought but I did want to try to install batteries since several people noted that it was very hard . After installing D batteries , I found that if you put the right end of the cover in first that the other side would just snap right into place . If you tried it the other way , it was very difficult so when you install batteries and try to reinstall the cover try it both ways if the cover is hard to install . I do n't have it in front of me right now so I ca n't be more specific as to which side has to go first so just try it both ways if your first try is n't easy .
 I was told about this item from other RV users . I figured that it ca n't hurt but I was suprised when I found that items that were cold in one part of the refrigerator were not as cold or frozen in other parts of the frige . Now it seems that I have even temperature through out the frige and I was able to lower the cold setting and still get the same results . Easy item to use and it came with a charcoal filter that leaves the frige with no unusual smells.Camco 44123 RV Fridge Airator
 I 've been using these fans about 2 months now . They are working fine . They are not as good as my previous fans but performance is acceptable . I do believe this are overpriced .
 This does the job in our camper fridge . The only problem is there is no off switch . You have to take the batteries out ever tiome you want to turn it off . I added my own off switch to it .
 Thought I 'd try one of these . I put it in the frig to try and get the upper and lower shelves close to the same temps . It blows a bit of air , is quite , and is probably helping , but the remote thermometer I have in the frig seems to indicate no change . There is nothing wrong with the product , just not enough volume of air from a battery powered product and the wife has the frig packed so air movement is a challenge .
 Totally silent as far as I can tell , and does seem to help the refridge get cold slightly faster when started and stay much more evenly cold in use . My only downside so far has been it 's SO quiet I forget to turn it off when I turn off the fridge again , something I 'll just have to learn with usage.Battery life on mine seems about 1/2 of what most people claim , but I DO use `` heavy duty '' aka non-alkaline 25cent dollar store batteries in it , so I ca n't complain still saving money overall I think ...
 These fit my van pretty well . They are attractive and make the car look a lot newer . You can vacuum them pretty easily for spills . I 've had a little trouble keeping one of the arm covers on but other than that they are great .
 If you have ` cat person ' friends ... this is a hit!Cat butts seem to inspire hilarity in this group -LRB- ok , they 're funny ! -RRB- - and these stickers are nothing if not versatile!The possibilities are endless !
 I bought these as a stocking stuffer for a friend for Christmas . The stickers are hilarious in a wonderfully naughty and adult way , with pictures of housewives of the 40 's and 50 's coupled with captions that would never have passed muster back then . If you want to see someone crack up laughing , buy these .
 I have the original Cat Butts magnet set , and this was a gift for my partner . I/we loved them . They arrived in perfect condition , the are flat -LRB- obviously -RRB- , but the sticker sheet is long . However , they were not bent , or damaged in any way . Very pleased .
 I used the product for a roadtrip . It looks great on my truck and it worked well . No problem through lightning storms , rain storms , or wind . I as impressed and would buy the product again .
 I purchased this for use for travelling between Colorado and Iowa on a regular basis . Fits perfectly on top of my Jeep Liberty and holds everything I need it to , even a bicycle or two.Was easy enough to install by myself , took a little over an hour to assemble and install with all the accessories and locks . And is also easy to remove and store when other types of rooftop storage is needed.Does cut down on MPGs , but that was expected , and does n't really affect MPGs when there is nothing in the basket.Works great !
 The Yakima Megawarrior is a great cargo basket , designed to get your packages out of the vehicle and on the roof . It has quality construction , and the hardware is well thought out and easily installed . I use this on a Thule rack , but the install was easy . I am a bit concerned of how the mega warrior attaches to the Thule rack , as the rack bolts to the Thule square load bars . The clamping brackets are composite material , and from past experience with Yakima universal kit mount to square load bars , I have had cracking of the clamps that lead to on road repairs . The additional accessories are somewhat expensive , in my opinion , particularily the spare tire holder as well as the high lift jack braket . Both items are over 70 dollars each . Hopfully this will stand the test of time . I have more experience with Thule products , and find them to be consitently good . Others swear by Yakima , but I have a had a few problems as mentioned above , including 2 anckle biter bike racks that I ca n't seem to keep at 90 degrees on the load bars . Hav n't lost a bike , but it is a little unervinig for me to see my 2000.00 Trek loaded up at 90 and arrive at my destination crooked . Yakima dos n't make them anymore . perhaps for that reason . Never had the tilting bike problem with my Thule rack , as I own both .
 The rack came very well packaged . it was easy to put on.but i would recommend the extension for more carrying capacity
 We purchased these after a side by side refrigerator disaster on our motor coach - cooling coil failed when we were not on the coach - things had two weeks to ferment . These were the only thing that took out the smell in both the refrigerator and the freezer . We used bleach water , lemon juice , baking soda , everything helped some but nothing really worked until we purchased these . While the odor is long gone we have been coninuing to use these for the last two years , replacing the charcoal packs and batteries as needed as everything stays fresher in the refrigerator . We cook with fresh herbs and they keep longer since we started using these .
 My husband was sceptical about purchasing this item online . He was afraid that it would n't fit right or look right . However for the price he decided to give it a try . He was very happy with his decision . He was able to install it very easily and he said it looks good . For the price this is a great deal .
 The item was delivered , and I was able to install it in about 10 minutes . Extremely easy . It looks very good on my pickup and appears to be very durable . I am extremely happy with this purchase !
 I used this air filter as a replacement for my stock 1999 Yamaha TTR 250 . The air filter fits in perfectly and I noticed a little bit better performance after putting it in . I looked around other sites and this seemed to be the lowest price for one including shipping . The price was high for an air filter I thought but compared to what else is out there it 's about the market price for one of this quality . I was thinking about getting a K&N air filter but I 've heard that you need to rejet the bike after installing one . I may not be correct on this but I did n't feel like rejetting so I just got this one which works fine .
 If you have ` cat person ' friends ... this is a hit!Cat butts seem to inspire hilarity in this group -LRB- ok , they 're funny ! -RRB- - and these stickers are nothing if not versatile!The possibilities are endless !
 I bought these as a stocking stuffer for a friend for Christmas . The stickers are hilarious in a wonderfully naughty and adult way , with pictures of housewives of the 40 's and 50 's coupled with captions that would never have passed muster back then . If you want to see someone crack up laughing , buy these .
 I have the original Cat Butts magnet set , and this was a gift for my partner . I/we loved them . They arrived in perfect condition , the are flat -LRB- obviously -RRB- , but the sticker sheet is long . However , they were not bent , or damaged in any way . Very pleased .
 If you 've been looking for a small cube tray that works , this is it . I like small cubes to put in wide mouth bottles with cold water , iced tea , etc. but most small cube trays do n't release cubes easily . Larger cubes have to be melted to fit in bottles , even the ` cube stick ' trays made for bottles break in a bunch of pieces and drive you nuts.These cubes are small enough to fit in a gatorade bottle but come freely out of the tray ... no hangers on . In short they work perfectly . The trays are flexible too and should last a good long time . These are the answer to one of those small problems in life that are n't a big deal but still irritate because you know the solution is out there somewhere - well here it is .
 We have been very happy with these ice cube trays . My wife makes a lot of `` smoothie '' drinks and these smaller ice cube trays make for great little ice cubes that blend up really nice . I recommend them for smoothie enthusiests .
 I bought these trays to make smaller cubes for smoothies -LRB- tho it turns out my great new small blender can actually handle the big ones , darn ! -RRB- . They 're fine -- a tiny bit flimsy , but not debilitatingly so ... and they could be a little bigger overall -- they 're sorta measly , I wish they were the same size as regular ice cube trays so I did n't have to fill them so often . But they were the only ones I could find on Amazon that make small -LRB- not mini ! -RRB- cubes , so I 'd say I 'm happy with the purchase .
 Love theses trays . They are nice and sturdy and they make the perfect size ice cubes to crunch on . I love to eat ice . They also fit perfectly in the little tiny freezer section of those small refrigerators you take to college .
 Perfect for taking stress off of a blender motor . Trays are durable but not too rigid . The trays are flexible enough and not as brittle as other trays . Good buy .
 I needed some ice trays for use with a straw in an insulated water bottle . These were on the low cost end . You get what you pay for to a large extent . Since I did n't see exactly what I wanted , and the descriptions were less than complete I purchased 4 different types -LRB- all from/fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- to compare.dimensions are approximate . 3 of 4 taper to allow release , dimensions are measured at top surface . - = - = - DIMENSIONS and the NumbersProgressive International tray
 I have a tendency to waste fresh ginger and other herbs when I purchase them so I wanted a way to store individual small &#34; ice cubes &#34; of herbs to always have on hand for cooking . I grate or dice my herbs and freeze them in this tray . It 's the perfect size for small , individual cubes of herbs . The only issue is that as is standard with my plastic trays , the trays are both bent in the middle . Basically the trays bow out . You could bend it back to straighten it but it bows out again immediately . It 's not too big of a deal for me but that 's why I did n't give it that 5th star . Otherwise it does the job and is a great tray for freezing leftover grated , pureed or diced up herbs .
 These are exactly the ice trays you need if you want smaller cubes , easy twist and release and made in USA . I bought 2 of these , and am now back for 2 more .
 I just got a set of these . So far they work great.What 's Good : - The ice cubes pop out easily -LRB- especially if you do not overfill the trays ... keep the water low enough so that there is no water covering the flat corners of the cubes -RRB- . - They take up very little space - Because the cubes are small , they freeze faster , so I can have new ice cubes in about an hour or less.What 's So-So : - These are no super-stable stackers , but they work well enough . - Two trays is just barely enough . I am going to stick with just two trays for now , but if you use any more than a little bit of ice , you 'll need four or more trays
 I tried the `` Cubette Mini Ice Cube Trays '' and had nothing but problems - even after letting them `` rest '' - so do n't waste your money or time on those . THESE ones work beautifully . Could n't be happier : -RRB-
 My mini-fridge has a very shallow/short freezer compartment , and it 's been difficult finding a good ice cube tray to fit . Both of these stacked just barely fit ! They stack well enough as to not spill out any water , they kind of have a bow in the middle of the trays . They are very mini ice cubes - can fit in some bottles . Otherwise , it seems to be durable plastic , and is fine in the dishwasher .
 I like to make my own liquid soap nuts for use in washing my clothes . I have a Wonder Wash -LRB- great product by the way , the crank one not the electric one -RRB- and each wash only takes about a teaspoon of liquid soap nuts . These trays each cube is just about a teaspoon , which is perfect . Each tray has 21 ice cubes and takes about 3/4 cup of liquid to fill it . I just throw 1 ice cube in per wash and my liquid soap nuts last longer being frozen , it spoils with in 2-3 weeks if in the fridge .
 Just what I was looking for for . These little trays are hard to find in my area for some reason . I was happy to find them on Amazon and am very happy with my purchase .
 6 of these fit into the ice tray holder in the freezer . We make our own distilled water and barely have to touch them to release the bite sized ice cubes . A very gentle touch would save headaches for those who are cracking them I think . Glad I chose this brand .
 I purchased these trays from Amazon.com . Absolutely love them ! They fit comfortably in my compact refrigerator 's freezer . Reasonably priced and the cubes are easily removed .
 These trays are excellent for small ice cubes ; the are easy to remove , and are proving to be quite durable . They are great for small refrigerators , or for drinks that need small cubes .
 Nice little ice trays . Flexible and easy to empty . Great for a small freezer .
 THESE LITTLE CAMCO MANUFACTURING COMPANY , INC. , MINI ICE-CUBE TRAYS , No. 44110 , ARE MARVELOUS ! In a pretty light blue colour , each genuine plastic , -LRB- NOT , thank heavens , silicone ! -RRB- tray holds 21 small ice-cubes , about 3/4 inches across . The trays themselves are 9 '' x 4 '' x 1 '' . As thelabel says , these small ice cubes freeze FAST . The label also says theymade for small freezers ... and definitely , their small size will be aTOTAL delight to anyone with a freezer so small that regular-size ice-cube trays take up 1/3 - 1/2 -LRB- or more , of one 's available freezer space . These are , thankfully SMALL trays , not tiny ones ... and the9 '' x 4 '' x 1 '' size , is easily handy for even the biggest hands to use.However , this is not the end of the delights in these trays . Thepretty little `` cubettes '' that spring from the tray when frozen , reallydo come out easily ! Just wait about 30 seconds ... and they come outwithout a hitch ! They resemble a pyramid whose top has been cut offwhen they come out , and are a little less than 1/2 '' across.Small , and/or tiny ice-cubes , -LRB- or `` cubettes '' ! -RRB- are the PERFECT thingto make any drink cool quickly ! These handy , inexpensive little ice-cube trays produce small size cubes which do just that!Rich people usually want , WHAT they want , WHEN they want it ! Thesecubettes QUICKLY freeze , and QUICKLY cool drinks . Rich people also tend to have bigger refrigerators than those who are middle-class or poor ... but everyone can use more freezer space ! So -- these ice cubetrays ae just right for EVERYONE ! If you 're rich , you might want to getthirty or more packs of 2 . If you are poor , you might want to get just one or two packages ... but it is a truly wonderful thing , I think , for apoor person , or a rich person , to suddenly see `` their '' ice-cube trays , sitting nicely in the freezer of another person , who happens to havehave less , or more money than they have ! These moderately priced , anduseful , indeed ice cube-trays can thus also really help to bridge the `` people gap '' betweenthe economic classes ! They are a conversation-starter , and a way forpeople to see that , rich or poor , one is still a member of the sameHuman race ... with the same ambitions and desires that all other Humanshave ! Anarchists and revolutionaries , -LRB- and snobs , too ! -RRB- take note -- killing off the `` other class '' may not be necessary ! Just realize howmuch everyone has in common ! And these pretty , -LRB- and useful ! -RRB- , little ice-cube trays are a great way to start !
 The product is relatively good , especially if you looking for an ice-cube tray that fitted in mini fridge . Highly recommended !
 I 've come to love smaller ice cubes from hanging out with people who have much more finer tastes than I had at the time . One of my good friends entertains a lot , and he has his own hotel-style ice machine in his basement . He 's the one who told me that tiny ice cubes are ALWAYS the way to go.I once purchased a boatload of trays that you can make 60 cubes per tray . That was a waste of money . They were a pain in the butt . The cubes took forever to freeze -LRB- you would n't think so , but they did -RRB- and they were hard to take out of the tray . I came across these trays recently . Thought I 'd give them a shot . They worked perfectly ! The cubes pop right out of the tray with no muss , fuss or mess . I am sooooo happy with them . I am actually replacing my regular-size ice cube trays with as many of these that can fit in the ice making area of my freezer.As someone stated earlier , these trays do come with a curve in them and the stacking could be better . However , it is not as a detriment to the overall experience of owning and using these trays . You can always bend them opposite of the curve before filling them with water . That helps a great deal , although not completely . I understand that these are made for mini refrigerators , but if Camco would make some for regular-sized refrigerator-freezers ... they would have a hit on their hands.You wo n't be disappointed with these trays .
 I bought these to use in a mini-fridge in a dorm . These are larger than the ones that came with the mini-fridge and are more practical if you need ice on a regular basis .
 Good size for large mouth water bottle , ie , a KOR Delta BPA Free Hydration Vessel . Our regular size cubes were a little too big.Ordering another pack of these .
 These ice trays are perfect for small apartment size fridges . They are fast freezing , and easy to get out . We use them for our small Tanzanian refrigerator where there is very limited freezer space and we have to put boiled water into them . Perfect . I thought I could live without ice in my gin , but as it turns out , gin and tonics are much better with ice cubes and these are even better than big ice cubes because they do n't add too much water . !
 These are small but so is a RV frig/freezer . They were just the right size without taking up to much room .
 These make really fun , cute , little ice cubes . They freeze quickly and , unlike others , I have no problem stacking them or getting the cubes out .
 Pros : Great trays make the perfect size ice cubes , without the problems you get with silicone traysCons : The trays tend to warp and become difficult to stack
 Bit of an off-book use , but we got these for making our senior dog 's liquid medications into icey med-treats - he has a few arthritis & respiratory meds that come in liquid form , but of course getting a few drops of liquid into the mouth of a dog who 's determined NOT to let you is frustrating and at times wasteful ... So we use these trays to mix his drops with some diluted beef consomme , freeze , and they make perfect little single-serve icey med-treats which he happily gobbles without blinking ! -LRB- works best if there 's at least some part of it with an alcohol base so the &#34; treats &#34; freeze just short of absolutely solid , so it does n't hurt the dog 's mouth -RRB- The cubes come out perfectly every time , the bottoms taper in just a bit which I find makes it a little easier to release the cubes !
 My Mom takes stone and sculps the stone into amazing statues . She needed 800 grade sandpaper and could n't find anywhere . . Apparently collision shops used 800 but not anymore . Naturally when all else fails amazon has it . She was so thrilled .
 i used this to sand my clear coat to get ready for primer for my car . it works awesome when using it as wet sandpaper . i probably could have done the whole car with just 1/3 of a sheet but i wanted to get it good so i used just 2/3 of one sheet to do my whole car . it worked great and did n't get too clogged or anything . best stuff available probably . go out and get this if you need to sand your car for paint . great stuff i ca n't say it enough !
 I bought this to put a hand rubbed finish on several metal items after using the 600 grit first . It works very well and I ca n't find any complaints with it , would purchase again .
 I purchased multiple grits of this same 3M wet/dry sand paper -LRB- 32035-800 grit , 32021 - 1000 grit , 32023-1500 grit -RRB- for a couple of paint jobs so forgive my copying this same review to all three . I type all week and do n't prefer to do it all weekend as well , sorry ! Other than the grit , all of the 3M wet/dry sand paper in this &#34; family &#34; of their products is just a great tool to use . They all work great wet or dry . Although I did not purposely wet sand , in August where I 'm you 'll end up with that anyway and it does a great job there as well . There is no degradation during hard use wet or dry and with the type of backing used , you can easily &#34; slap &#34; it against something to knock the sanded material out of the paper as you start to lose the sanding function . I highly recommend all of the Imperial Wetordry products by 3M .
 thanks you very much , very good quality and service . thanks you very much , very good quality and service . thanks you very much , very good quality and service .
 Comes with 5 sheets vs 3 at my local auto parts store.My local auto parts store only carries 230/600/1000 grit and its $ 2.00 dollars more with only 3 sheets vs 5 !
 I had this exhaust system installed professionally at a local pro shop and so far -LRB- 4 months -RRB- the exhaust system has been great!It has a nice low tone and it looks great . It is one of the quietest exhuast sysytems I have ever had on my car . -LRB- I have had greddy , apexi , Fujitsubo on a honda s2000 -RRB- . This is definately a good upgrade for your lexus is250 if you are contemplating it .
 Has a bassy note to it which sounds nice but I do n't like that it drones a bit around 1600 - 2000 rpm . That 's the rpm the engine is in when driving in city traffic . Exhaust will be removed again .
 I had problems with my canopy bellowing during a strong breeze . I got two of these , and was very careful not to over tighten them ... . they are plastic ... and I did read some of the other reviews that noted some problems when they did the gorilla routine ... once the clamps were in place , I adjusted the velco ties ... and it dramatically cut the canopy wave down significantly .
 I got tired of hearing the awning flap and my wife yelling `` What was that ? '' . I bought a set for each side of the awning and they work great .
 This is a good product with the exception of the velcro strip . It is a good strip by all means however if the awning is close to the rail it wont stick together because there is not enough of the velcro for a second loop . I would still recommend it however as it really does make a difference and a little imagination can fix the short coming of the velcro length . .
