 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Only has limited access to OBDII data stream unless you pay more money to upgrade the software .
 This scanner works great but if you want to update the unit or use their printing software you can only run their drivers on a Windows XP machine or earlier . Windows XP is over 10 years old . You ca n't load the data from the scanner into your computer if you have Vista , Windows 7 or Windows 8 . They seem to have no plan to update their system for this scanner or any of the EZ Scan line.Keep in mind Microsoft is dropping support for Windows XP in spring of 2014 , a little more than a year away . Why do n't they have something that works with more current computers especially when you can only buy one with Windows 7 or mostly now with Windows 8 . In addition , for most of their models the firmware is 4.07 and I believe the 07 stands for 2007 as that 's as current as the unit shows for cars . If you have a car 2008 and later it does n't show . Have to ask why they do n't want to update the software for their products and still expect people to buy them .
 I purchased this for my 2004 Kia Optima LX . When I went to install it , everything seemed good . But the car was about an inch wider than the hitch and the hitch was not centered in the car . So either the hitch was off center or the car 's mounts were . Otherwise seemed like a great hitch .
 Have had this product for 3 yrs and has always worked great ! The company recommends updating your software -LRB- free download -RRB- from their website . The scanner already comes with the cable that allows you to plug it into your laptop and the website gives instructions on how to perform update . Now remember , my unit was working perfectly before the update !!! After following the instructions the screen went completely blank and could n't do anything with it . Called the company support and spent a lot of time trying different things to reset the unit . Nothing worked and had to send in the unit for a `` flash '' scan by them . Oh , and this was gon na cost me AT LEAST $ 90 !! Got a call today that they were unable to just flash it , instead it needs an entirely new main board !! So in the end , my simple update that the company RECOMMENDS you do will cost me $ 199.49 to repair !!!! This is totally unreal to me that an update could fry my entire scanner . Like the subject heading says , Great product ... Horrible company ! Draw your own conclusion ! Good luck !!
 the quality of the lcd display is terrible , low visibility and with a `` rainbow '' effect on the surface . backlighting of the LCD display is woefully inadequatethe operating manual is barely sufficient.the scanner itself hang up on the first time i used and i could not power it down any more i returned it the first day i got it
 try on it three different cars . scan tool ca n't communicate with any of them .
 When I attempted to install the mirror onto my pickup , the three screws came unthreaded from the housing , which means that I can not tighten the mirror to my pickup .
 Had to call the MFGR ` er to be informaed that the model I was sent does not fit on any GOLF with US Specs , it was manufactured for the UK version of the Golf , which has less &#34; plumbing &#34; and emmission gadgetery.For my model , the only option is the replacement filter -LRB- square -RRB- that fits in the filter box .
 This radiator seems to be very cheaply built . Its aluminum and plastic ! It did not even come with a radiator cap . How cheap can you get ?
 Purchased this radiator 5 months ago . It fit perfectly and performed well for 5 months . The side tank seam started weeping last week . This week it is leaking a lot . I expected this to last much longer . I will purchase another brand next time or go to a junk yard and get one from there .
 the item that is stated does not look like the stock graphics , the picture that is show is not what the item looks like . dont count on a good quality product
 The pulley is plastic , not metal as pictured . I 've added a photo to show the actual item that I received . The tensioner was made in Canada , according to the label on the box . The plastic pulley might be reliable , but I purchased this item based on the image showing a metal pulley .
 I replaced the amber bulbs of the turn signals with these ones . My car has clear lenses and unfortunately these bulbs are so bright that they look reddish , like washed off , they do n't have enough red coating to look RED.I was looking for something to look the same color as the stop lights , these bulbs do n't do it .
 Sold as red , obviously.But I find them to be more pink than dark red . I 'm sure they 're still legal -LRB- or hope they are -RRB- , but not the look I was hoping for / expecting.Otherwise , they work fine .
 I threw these the hell out , glad I did not buy more . Does not fit 2004 Sebring .
 After contacting the seller about the item never being received a second was shipped . When we got it the mirror itself had fallen out of the housing . We did n't want to wait an additional month to get a replacement so we glued the mirror back on the housing .
 They sent the wrong part , its been 21 days and not resolved . Thier 1-800 # will not let you talk to any one . I left messages and no response . I real close to file a complaint with the BBB . Dont buy.LB
 DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT !!! This was delivered in three boxes and was bound by plastic wrap . Once out of the box , the three layers were cut with what looked like pinking shears and were horribly uneven . This was NEVER a mattress that sold for 999.00 ... When I tried to return it All Sleep was helpful at first but I could not package the layers to send . While trying to come up with a solution to the shipping problem , the UPS labels they sent to me expired and now they will not return any emails or calls . WORST SERVICE AND PRODUCT EVER !
 Amazon.com sent the wrong size engine oil cooler than what I ordered . Rather than sending it back I made due but it did n't work out like I wanted it to because the cooler was wider than what I originally ordered .
 SELLER DOES N'T RESPOND BACK EITHER . WARNING !!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!! DO N'T BUY HERE !!!! CHEAP CHINAM JUNK !!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!!! DO N'T BUY HERE . CHEAP BOLT ON SET UP ... TWISTED OFF AND BROKE THE FIRST TIME . LUCKY IT DID N'T SMASH A FOOT OR FINGERS . LAWSUIT TIME IF IT DID.WARNING !!!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!!! DO N'T BUY HERE . CHEAP CHINA JUNK !!!!!
 The product was defective . Could not be cranked down . Bolts were missing from package . The company offered to replace and shipped me the missing bolts . I reccomend the company but not this jack .
 the shipping was fast , as usual by Amazon . The product is terrible , you can barely see the logo , its not a real Colts blue , more of a very dark navy almost purple color . They will be going back . I should have known the price was too good to be true for a product of any real value .
 The blue portion of the mats was a different blue . It looked more like a navy blue which I found very disappointing because that 's like having a pair of bootleg mats .
 Matt on driver side slides forward and I have not found a way to anchor it . It would be better if the Broncos had gone to the Super Bowl in 2013 . The `` Prayer in thin Air '' did them in or was it `` The kneel down in D Town ? ''
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I can not believe the `` discounted '' price of $ 23 , when you can buy the identical item from other suppliers on Amazon for just over $ 3.00 -LRB- that 's right , $ 20 less -RRB- . Search on `` key float '' .
 The bolt holes do n't line up . They are skewed . The paint on it was not complete , there were bare metal spots on it .
 Where do I start telling you about this piece of JUNK ? There are so many places.First , the tool stopped functioning entirely after 2 rivets . It wo n't grip the madrel of the rivet tightly enough to pop it , and now I have 2 rivets partially attached to a guitar case that I ca n't get out , because this tool refuses to complete the job . It is complete garbage.The case is a joke . Do n't be fooled by the picture . The gray lining on the inside -LRB- which is black on mine -RRB- , which is supposed to hold the riveter and rivets in place , is made of the cheapest super thin cellophane-like plastic . It was already damaged when the tool arrived , and it develops a new crack in it every time I remove and replace the tool . It is also complete garbage.More on the riveter
 After consulting the Walker website I purchased this direct fit product for my 03 Impala.This muffler is only 15 '' long and does not compensate in any way for the factory 16 '' muffler.I ended up with a total redneck rig installation . WTFFollow up
 I purchased the Dorman plug boot adapter and find them average in quality . I was looking to buy a `` SET '' of 4 for my 4 cyl Alero and was worried the picture shows only 2 boots but the price made me think it was for 4 . the description never says it 's for 2 but it 's my fault for assuming there would be a complete set . Not real sure why anyone would buy only 2 when it makes for since to buy all 4 when servicing your auto . My bad I guess . Look around , for the price of these 2 boots -LRB- around 13 bucks when I bought them -RRB- you should be able to buy a complete set .
 This pedal was for a standard tranny - much to small for my automatic transmission brake pedal.I must of misread the description or something . Not inclined to go back and reread the description .
 I ordered these to replace my worn pins on my truck . I 'm CDO about my truck and I noticed a bit of play in the factory stock hinge on the driver door . As it turns out these are made with pretty generous clearances and my door now has more play than it did before installing these . My next step is to try McMaster-Car in hope they will have a tighter fitting bushing in the correct size for my door hinge.I gave them two stars because they do an adequate job of holding the door onto the truck.FYI
 These are not as bright as the Sylvania Silverstar Ultra and cost a whole lot more . They do not perform as advertised .
 I have 2 2005 Dodge pickups the factory headlights suck , I bought a pair of these for one of the trucks . I have to say they are brighter then the factory bulbs . The first bulb failed in less then a year and was replaced buy the store I purchased them from , the second bulb failed 3 years later . This truck is only driven about 3k a year it sits a lot so for me these bulbs are a waste of money.My other truck which is driven by my salesman and has many more miles on it still has the OE bulbs . I have other PIAA products and though I like them when they work I have yet to have more then 3 years of trouble free use . I understand things fail but with normal use at the cost of PIAA lights they should last more then 3 years . I 'll be finding a less expensive alternative for the replacement bulbs .
 With the cost of these bulbs I was expecting a WOW when I turned them on , but only got a very slight improvement from the previous bulbs . Maybe it 's because their in an old Dodge Intrepid which are know to have poor light design . But I was really hoping for an improvement . I run them on high beam all the time just to be able to see at night , and no one has ever flash their lights at me .
 There brighter , whiter when I first used these I was n't to impressed . After driving with them I could notice an improvement over regular lamps .
 Plug has a tiny hole that is too restrictive to allow enough air volume through to do an adequate job . Hole may be small to attempt `` reduce '' pressure but that is not a satisfactory way to reduce pressure anyway . Need to reduce pressure on compressor regulator to avoid blowing out lines in RV Make you own adapter using a piece of garden hose , and the appropriate adapters to do a satisfactory job of removing all water from you RV lines for winter storage .
 This thing is ok . But realize , you must hold it onto your blow out port to make it work . Therefore you need 2 people to blow out your pipes . When you are blowing out an rv , constant air pressure is the key . So , saying that , i ripped off the needle and attached an air chuck fitting to it . Now I just screw this on , attach my air hose and pop on the compressor and I no longer need to hold it in place .
 If your drive thru mud and rain expect water to get in this bag . It is not very water resistant .
 As opposed to the listing and photo , this product has no provisions for headrests.There are no seatbelt slots . You can cut them in , but you can do that on a flat piece of cloth too . In fact this is actually not much more than a flat piece of cloth . Save the $ $ and use an old blanket .
 I should have listened to the first reviewer . It truly was nothing more than a blanket - with no provisions for seat belts or headrests . You could cut them in yourself but you can do that with a blanket and probably have a much easier time of it -LRB- cutting into this material and not having it fray would be near impossible -RRB- . Ca n't believe it is being sold as a bench seat cover . I sent it back and got the Elegant brand instead from a local parts store . Elegant had the provisions for the seat belts and the head rests . So much happier with that purchase .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Does not come with gaskets !!!!!!!! These pictures are maddeningly misleading at times . I could have saved money buying another but this showed all I needed , but did n't come as promised .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 My suburban hot water heater drains where the Anode rod is . It is 1 1/16 and the wrench description does not indicate it is for , I believe , a Pet Cock fitting . Camco should better describe this item showing the size fitting it is designed for . Camco should know better .
 This product is for turning a petcock valve , not for removing/installing a drain plug . It 's my fault for not reading the description clearly , but what I wanted was a tool for removing the drain plug on my Atwood 6 gal water heater in my travel trailer . The nylon plug is in an awkward location and without a long socket extension -LRB- which I dont ' have -RRB- it is a pain to screw and unscrew . Even though this plug is only finger-tight .
 I ordered this wrench assuming it would fit my water heater drain plug . Since there was no choice of size , I assumed one size fits all . Well , unfortunately , one size does not fit all and this drain plug is too small for my drain plug .
 Not at all what I needed because it did not fit . I expected that it would be a general universal RV water heater drain valve wrench , but I was wrong I guess . I have a Minnie Winnegago , and have a water heater that is a very common one used . I wasted my money . I had alreay thrown away the package so now I ca n't return it . Wish I would have known it would not work . The product itself is n't bad quality , but I thought the title and description of this product was not accurate .
 My fault . I received it OK but it just does n't work on my water heater . I must not have checked it enough . It was a bad impulse buy for me .
 The pipe for a 2000 GSXR600 has 3 bolts on the motor side , the pipe for 2001-2003 has 4 bolts , the holes do n't line up . If you buy this pipe for a 2000 GSXR600 it WO N'T FIT !!!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Two weeks ago I purchased this Black and Decker product from my local CVS store in California . Brand-new , out of the package it would n't work . I felt reassured that at least it had a two year warranty , and was a `` name brand '' of Black and Decker . I was shocked when I phoned the Black and Decker service center in Texas , the 800-544-6986 that was included with the warranty info , ... and they told me that since the item had been manufactured three years earlier -LRB- there was a 2007 date-sticker on product -RRB- , and since this product had been discontinued by Black and Decker , they could not honor the warranty for repair or replacement.I informed the Black and Decker service-center manager -LSB- Anita -RSB- that it was not legal for Black and Decker to claim `` no responsibility '' for their warranty , and they could n't refuse to honor their warranty just because they discontinued the item , -LRB- particularly because I had just purchased it two weeks prior , & had my receipt -RRB- . She then gave me a local Black and Decker service-center phone number in California , where the representative -LRB- `` Dave '' -RRB- informed me that because the item was discontinued by Black and Decker , `` I was out of luck '' , and there was nothing they could do . It was just suggested I return the item to the store.Beware consumers ! Black and Decker is setting new precedents in skirting their legal responsibilities regarding honoring their product-warranties . It seems that since the volume of complaints are so high regarding Black and Decker products , not much attention is being paid to this negligence on Black and Decker 's part , -LRB- and who has the time and money to bring a `` breach of warranty '' case to court , for a $ 50 . item ? -RRB- After this experience I will never again have confidence in the Black and Decker name , and I urge you to consider researching consumer-complaints about this company 's customer-service , before purchasing Black and Decker products.Tom , in Encinitas California
 Do n't know if discontinued product was out of commission for some time , but the battery I 've received could not hold a charge -LRB- via USB -RRB- for more than 10 minutes . This was only used to charge a blackberry via USB which product designs mention should hold for more than 10 minutes . After charge , my blackberry only increase 3 % battery power ...
 Generally , it and its wall wart just adds useless clutter . Does n't hold much charge -LRB- might double the life of the average cell phone -RRB- . Three or four times as large and heavy as the average cell phone . Not much in the way of uses
 I have had 3 of these now ,1 was junk straight out of the box new , 1 is still working and I 'm waiting for another replacement since the 1st replacement was bad too .
 It 's a little bigger and bulkier than an SNES game cartridge . It 's about the weight of a shoe . I tested it on my Zune 30 and my friend 's iTouch 8gb . It did n't charge the iTouch at all , so do n't count on that . It charged my Zune , but took pretty much two of these using the USB charging outlet to charge it from completely empty -LRB- non-functioning -RRB- to completely full -LRB- green battery icon -RRB- . I plugged in my Zune AC wall charger into the pocket power AC outlet and had a little more success . It did n't quite take two . It did n't charge my laptop.I gave it two stars based on the Amazon price . I got two for $ 15 , and would give it three based on that . I guess I can only recommend this if you find two really cheap and you have a Zune .
 I bought on of these for $ 5 in the bargain aisle of wal mart , I bought it just for kicks to see if it would charge my Zune , I was happy to see that it did start to charge my zune and was very happy at that point , thinking that I had finally found a USB charger for my wonderful Zune , Turns out there are 2 major problems here , this unit it way to heavy to carry around on only charged my Zune for about 5 - 10 minutes . I figured that I could always take the whole unit apart and wire it up to the 14.7 V system of a car , nope , the battery pack inside is only a 9.6 V pack , bad things could happen if you hooked it to 14.7 v.For an 1800Mha pack , it should give more than a 10 minute charge .
 I have n't even removed this from the packaging - it 's being returned.This is not a pocket-anything , it 's a large heavy brick . Definitely not something to ` slip in your purse ' . I 'm giving it one star because of the misleading description .
 My unit will charge , and power on . However it completely discharges in less then 10 minutes when charging my ipod . This has a 1200mAh battery in it . A 30gb 5th gen ipod has a 450mAh battery . You should be able to get 2 complete charges on your ipod , but my unit wont even get 1/4 of a charge .
 Save yourself the agony of wasting money on discontinued garbage . There is a reason B & D discontinued this , and I suspect it 's because it never performed well and many users complained . Learn from the poor rating you see here on Amazon . Sure , it has an inverter and you can power AC adapter stuff , theoretically . In practice , your money would be better spent on a sealed , rechargeable , 12V battery and a small cig lighter inverter with USB power outlet , available in the Auto section of Wal Mart and many department stores . That way , you can use the inverter w/USB in your car also and even charge the small 12V battery with a cig-lighter charger .
 All I can say is Do Not buy this . Not even worth the $ 8 . Never worked . Not worth the hassle of returning . I looked at replacing the cells inside of it but I can buy a better portable battery unit for about the same $ $ as fixing this thing so I tossed it .
 I did n't buy this from Amazon , but mine is just not useable . As others have noted , it is quite a bit larger than I expected . Also , it seems to charge , the lights come on normally , but it will not charge anything . It wo n't work on my iPhone thru the USB port , and the AC port wo n't power an external hard drive.Mine may just be defective , but since I only paid $ 11 for it , it 's just not worth pursuing a repair or replacement to me . However , just beware that it may not provide enough power to charge anything other than basic cell phones .
 When new , these were great , but everything being offered for sale now has been sitting on the shelf for a very long time , years in fact . Batteries this old can not be charged up again . You 're just buying a paperweight !
 I got one of these a year ago . The issue I had was that the thing only had about 15mins of power before shutting down . That is usb or powering a 7w fluorescent bulb AC .
 i needed a battery back up just in case if i am unable to plug in my wall charger . i tested this unit several times after fully charging the back up unit and it will charge my cell phone for 20 minutes and then it will run out of energy.the price dropped dramatically here on amazon so i am guessing it is being discontinued or it is on clearance.i am going to look for another back up unit
 I bought this hoping to use it with my archos 630 video player . Sadly it does n't even add more than 30 mins of playback time . Its made for less demanding electronics like phones , pda 's etc. . . I would n't use this for portable dvd players or video players . Its rated draw power is about 350 mah .
 DEAD !!!! to long before i use it , they wont take it , dont know what else to say dont know what else to say
 I ordered 2 of these door hinge pin kits which include the bushings and clip . One package came taped up . Today I was preparing to install these door pins I noticed the black clip was missing from the taped up package . I ran to 2 different hardware stores to find a clip . Neither store had this item.I had to halt my installation today and will run to an auto parts store to buy a whole new kit so I can get the installation done.There is no contact for the seller so I will now have to eat my cost on this kit . Plus it 's much cheaper at the auto parts store .
 One bushing fits the other doesnt , I chose to make it fit ... will implode into itself seeing as its brass and squeak to caboose but its better than your door not shutting .
 I was pleased that I got my parts so quickly but after removing my door to replace the bushings and pins I discovered that one of the two identical packages contained a incorrect bushing . This incorrect part caused the job to take about twice as long since I had to stop and make a bushing . Maybe next time I 'll just make the bushings and not bother with the parts made in China .
 I thought this was a kit for 1 door , which would mean 2 pins and bushings.I feel it was misleading , as you actually need to buy 2 of this kit to fix one door.Which means this is not the cheapest one on the market.The sale on the other hand was smooth , no complaint .
 I ` have had this K&N ; in my car for over 4 years . Yes it does increase gas mileage but it also ruined my MAF sensor after about 4 years . I did try cleaning it w / MAF sensor cleaner which helped temporarly but i ended up getting a new MAF.I 'll probably go with a high flow filter w/out oil next time.joe
 I thought this product would really come in handy for camping . But after owning it for just a couple of days , I accidentally tipped it over and that was all it took . The lantern would not work . I sent away for a new bulb , but that did not fix the problem.This is a well thought out product that offers many handy features . Unfortunately , with typical Black and Decker quality , do n't expect it to last long or to take even the slightest jarring . It could be a nice emergency item in case of a power blackout , but I would not recommend trying to take it anywhere on a trip because it is bound to break .
 I do n't know what they used for a test truck , but it would not fit on mine . I followed the installation instructions and it just was n't working out . I am a heavy DIY'er and have replaced many exhaust systems in my time . Dynomax needs to retest this system on my truck . The left tailpipe that crosses over from the muffler kept hitting the OEM muffler heat shield . The right side was n't much better.Also I could not locate the tailpipe hanger holes in the frame as Dynomax install instructions said they supposed to be . After fighting with it for a while trying to make it work one way or another . I removed it and put it back into the box and sent it back.I have installed a few Dynomax systems on various vehicles with no problems at all . This one just did n't cut it.I purchased a Flowmaster single exhaust pipe system and installation was a piece of cake.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS DYNOMAX # 17313 FOR YOUR TRUCK.AMAZON 'S return policy on this item is excellent .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 I thought I would buy the `` best of the best '' , a Gates . I would n't even bother replacing the tensioner on my car , which has 100,000 miles on it , but unfortunately the previous owner or his mechanic broke the mechanism you to release the tension off the belt with , so I had to get a new one . Upon opening the package the part looks acceptable , but the pulley wobbles , and just as much as my old tensioner , the one with 100,000 miles on it . I took the bolt off that holds the pulley onto the tensioner , and even though the outside of the product is laser etched with `` Made in Canada '' the pulley itself says CHINA . Geography was n't my favorite class , but last time I checked Canada and China were quite a ways from each other.For anyone reading this who think I 'm being harsh , I do n't much care . I 'm very disgusted by Gates , and I 'm not sure if I 'll ever buy a part from them again . I ordered a belt from them that was made in Mexico , and an idler pulley that was made in Turkey -LRB- although the box says `` made in Germany , the only stamp on the item says Turkey -RRB- . I 've heard from everyone about globalization and how it 's inevitable to save on money . Well apparently quality control degradation is inevitable , too . I did n't pay premium for this tensioner to get something made in China , if I had wanted that I would have bought a 30 dollar one from my local parts store .
 I was mislead ! This was marketed as the old style can . You even said people that bought this bought the old style pour spouts ! THE OLD STYLE POUR SPOUTS DO NOT WORK WITH THE CAN . IT HAS THE SAFETY SPILL PROOF SPOUT AND IS ABSOLUTLY NO GOOD TO POUR GAS INTO AN OLD SYLE VEHICLE . IW WAS DELIBERTLY MISLED . This was a totla rip off .
 can is good but the worst spout I have ever used , it leaks and is messy
 I have to agree that the new plastic `` safety '' spout is absolutely scary . First it is fragile and I have broken one when the weight of the can fell on the spout mechanism while filling my 4X4 . I have had trouble both getting the spout to open and other times getting it to seal closed after using . I can not comprehend how this mandated spout , obviously designed by a committee , works better than the old metal spout to 1 -RRB- reduce spills -LRB- ? -RRB- in actual hands on use 2 -RRB- Keep fuel vapor out of the air?To make the new style plastic spout stop frustrating me , I threw it away . I bought a new flexible metal spout `` similar '' to the old style military spout . Effort required to make this spout work , substantial , and likely beyond most peoples ability . It requires modifying the can . It also requires obtaining , or making , the old style flat gasket.The rim of the fill hole must be drilled and a vent tube soldered in place -LRB- new , un-used cans only , unless you really know what you are doing -RRB- The vent tube is bent so that its far end ends up in the top back corner of the can . This allows air to enter the can from the small hole in the rim as the fuel is poured in the tank . The new metal spout has a gasket that does not cover that vent hole . The old style flat gasket is required to seal that hole when the wide flange metal cap is installed for transport . If you can , take a look at an old GI gas can to see how it works.With this modification there is no `` glug '' as you pour fuel . Even the new plastic mandated spout `` glugs '' slowing fill and making the can hard to support in the pouring operation . This information is not complete as I can not supply a diagram here . This information is for interest and education only and I do not recommend that you modify your can this way.Check many sellers as the price for the Blitz can varies widely depending on the store selling through Amazon . Average is $ 45 but with some research through Amazon I found a vendor who had them for $ 32 with free shipping if I bought 2 . The Blitz can is the best . I personally believe that gasoline should ONLY be transported in a metal can . Do not store fuel with the plastic cap as the can closure . Use the metal bung seal cap . Also realize that alteration of the can takes it out of compliance with Fed and state DOT regs for transporting fuel .
 I recently purchased one of these cans , immediately filled it up with 3gals of gas , strapped it into the bed of my truck and took off for a 4k road trip . Never needed the gas , but upon returning home I smelled gas . Turns out it was leaking from the seams , and when I eventually poured what was left into my gas tank before returning it for a refund the remaining gas leaked all over the ground . How is this environmentally safe , let alone safe for people ? Do n't even think about purchasing this product . One star is too many .
 The can `` sucked in '' after a few months and is now indented on the sides . The spouts are rubbish that came with it . Too many spout parts . Next time I buy genuine military jerry cans .
 I bought this to get better fuel mileage , but did n't get it.It will give you more power , but forget it if you 're looking for better economy.Even using hypermile techniques -LRB- light foot , coasting as much as possible -RRB- there was no change in economy .
 These are not HID . One star for false advertising . Persons unfamiliar with headlight technology are confused my this type of misinformation . It is typical for non-HID lamps to advertise that they have Xenon gas and that is confusing enough -LRB- although technically true -RRB- . But to call these lights HID is just plain inaccurate and misleading .
 These lights are not blue.I ca n't even tell that I 've changed mine from stock bulbs.There is absolutely no difference here.They do n't deserve one star.Absolutely do not buy these . . It 's a waste of time and money.CON
 I never got this order even after i contacted the seller and attempted to resolve a problem i received a refund so i just doped the issue
 I needed a new grease gun for my garage because my other one had been used for junk multi-purpose grease and i was switching over to full synthetic , and i figured i 'd get a new gun so i wouldnt contaminate the synthetic grease with the old because cleaning out a grease gun is nearly impossible.Its just easier to buy a new one.I looked at grease guns for quite a while until i came across this one.It looked really nice with that polished shine and big name brand like Ingersoll.Heck it even had a price tag that was reasonable so i thought i couldnt go wrong.Boy was i wrong !! First off , the hose this thing comes with is pretty generic.Its hard as a rock and trying to bend it around to get to tight areas is a pain.Stiff as hell!After disconnecting the hose from the zerk , the hose springs back up and almost hits you in the face.The biggest problem with this thing is that it doesnt really pump out any grease.You squeeze the handle and the thing doesnt even start pumping until over half way through squeezing it !! At this rate , it 'll take you 20 minutes just to lubricate a joint or something through a zerk.How lame !! I thought i may have been doing something wrong , so i took it back apart and everything looked fine.I put it back together and still the same thing.Well anyway , if you want a nice shiny boat anchor for your garage or you really like getting hit with stiff greasy hoses than this gun is for you !! Maybe mines defective , dont know but it doesnt pump worth a crap!One squeeze and you barely get out enough grease to cover a dime !! Just worthless !!! I went back to my old gun and threw this Ingersoll one in the corner!My old generic one works 50 times better than this thing!I give this thing 1 star because it doesnt work worth a dang but it is nice and shiny .
 Hey , I just wanted to let you know that there 's something wrong with this listing . The `` Make Sure It Fits '' feature claims that # 27302 will fit 2008 and newer E-150s , when the manufacturer claims that it does not and the proper one is # 27344 . Just call them to check and make sure that it actually fits your vehicle before you buy .
 Never received product , if price was wrong or something . Sent emails nobody emailed me other wise . Just lost my money , will not purchase through Amazon stores again .
 I ordered the impact wrench pictured , I received an allen wrench that was worth about $ 1 . Company refused to send me the impact wrench , but they did refund my money quickly . Good luck
 Only use this product if you engine has LOW COMPRESSION or is BURNING OIL / / / / / -LRB- meaning the cylinders are worn . -RRB- -------------------------------------------------------------------------- LOW COMPRESSION
 Do n't use this crap in a newer engine . My 03 Nissan has been going through oil . I put this into my car and within 5 miles , failure . Car stalled and would barely run . Had to have the oil & filter changed including diagnostic time $ 85 shot .
 system didnt fit right and leaked at front flange and it makes no sound at all very quiet , not as loud as stockdo yourself a favor and buy a 50 or 40 series , do not be fooled by this junk
 Covers where not on tight , or taped , leaked all over everything , including the two video games they brilliantly packed with it and the polish does not come off easy , everything is slimey , never mind that half the bottle is empty . I thought it was a set in a gift box but it was just thrown in a regular box , tipped in every direction . The cloth and sponges also had product all over them . Very disappointed and I 've always had great experiences with Amazon .
 Packaged poorly ... two bottles of the cleaning supplies were busted open.I had to throw away the entire order due to the other contents being drenchedwith the other chemicals . Very dissatisfied !!
 I used this product over the weekend and having problems with my eyes it was hard to read the back label . The company not including that normal one page instruction made it very difficult for me . In that case , I could have purchased similar item at Walmart and it would have been cheaper for me to return it if I was not satisfied . I would have sent this item back . However , shipping cost was too much .
 I received this product from Amazon without applicator pad and with one bottle broken -LRB- Quik detailer -RRB- . The bottle was broken in pack process because the box do n't show external damage .
 One of the bottle leaked . Fluid all over , contaminated almost everything , including some other items in the same delivery package .
 This product was purchased as a gift , it was delivered in a plain cardboard box and the cleaning supplies was stuffed in the box with the sponge and cloths stuffed in between the bottles w/no information explaining the contents or use of the items , -LRB- If items were missing I do not know -RRB- and one of the bottles leaked inside the box . There was not enough time to return and get a replacement . I have purchased this product before and the product is not the problem , it is the way it was handled that made it an unpleasant experience .
 I ordered the cleaning kit for a Christmas present . I opened it prior to wrapping it and it was a good thing ! The bottles had leaked inside the box and there was a mess . I returned the products to Amazon and received my refund promptly and purchased another item ... one that would not leak when shipped !
 this the first time that i received a package like this ... the car wax container was busted and it was all over the box . i was really disappointed . i dont know what to expect next time . such a waste ...
 very bad item stopped working after 3 days now i need to spend time getting this item to be shipped back dont waste your money on this item
 i thought , ` ionic breeze for you car , great idea ! ' . and that 's all it is , a great idea . this is nothing like the home unit . there is so much air moving throughout the car cabin at any given time , this product has no noticeable effect to the air quality . you would need some sort of blower/fan on this for it to be effective and coils would have to be much , much bigger.replace your cabin air filter if you want a noticeable difference in the air quality inside your car .
 There is a little metal tooth thing inside this monkey that looks like it wants you to touch it , but if you pry the top off with a wrench and stick body parts in there to touch it , you better be grounded buddy because you 're in for the ride of your life . This thing must have a 87 jiggawatt capacitor in there or something because I blacked out and did n't wake up for 4 hours after touching it , and it was n't even plugged in at the time . I ca n't stop blinking lately either . Be careful when dissecting this little tazer-wannabe !!!
 Made the mistake of buying an after market part made in China , thinking I could save some money . That was a mistake the part arrived on time , the fit was correct , however , the two mounting supports that receive the screws cracked right away when mounted on the truck one breaking off completely . I ended up ordering the Ford part and had no problems .
 I installed one of these on my 96 Ford Ranger , and a few days later noticed my left brake light was n't coming on . After checking the light and wiring , I discoved there was no signal coming from the converter unit . So I went down to Auto Zone and picked up a second unit and installed it . The light worked like it was supposed to ... for a few minutes , the quit again . I felt the converter box and it was warm to the touch . I removed it and took it back . I then ordered a third unit from Draw-Tite off of Amazon . I installed it and everything is working fine . I put a stick on the brake pedal and left it on for some time just to be sure . So far so good . I did notice that the Hopkins unit grounds to the frame with a self tap screw , and the Draw-Tite unit grounds back through the factory harness .
 I ordered the wrong year for my 2011 Ford Ranger pick up truck . so had get right one a different site .
 I think this may be a fake since there is no such thing as an on-board Diagnostics 3 there is only obd 1 and 2 so something here is fishy !
 I bought this as part of a car cover kit , and used it several times , before I saw that it was leaving linear scratches in the paint . The blade was clean , the car had just been washed ; these scratches were not there before I started using the blade .
 The pedals fell off , the seats broke off . The bikes looked great and we we 're psyched about them , easy to put together , nice fat tires for our play yard , but in a matter of weeks they were unuseable and off to the bike repair shop . Not a good deal at all !
 First , the box arrived looking like it had been returned 3 or 4 time because it had 3 different shipping labels that had been covered up , and the box was badly worn.Secondly , the frame was not square when they welded it , making the bike ride off-center . The only way to correct the problem was to add several washers under the left rear plate . The bearings for the handlebars never fully seat which increases the friction.Unfortunately , this was a birthday gift and it was not worth the time or hassle to return this to the manufacturer and get a new one before the birthday party
 If you like peeing blood , go ahead and buy these . Seriously , I would have to say race only . On the street they are horrible , I am on here to buy Pro springs to replace .
 Maybe a professional could put this on , but this thing was impossible to apply , I had to throw it away . The back wax paper that its stuck to is n't cut in the middle so you can peel half off , so you have to try to cut it yourself . Terrible . Unless you are or are taking it to a professional , pass this one by .
 After I install this blower fan it made a loud ticking sound . So I thought maybe it was hitting something . I uninstalled in and ran the fan uninstalled . It still made the loud ticking noise . So I had to return it . The bad part was that Amazon deducted 7.20 from the price I paid for the fan because I did super saver shipping . I do n't recommend buying this fan or any auto parts from Amazon.com since they do n't stand behind defective products .
 Product works very well and fits very better than any sun shade product , however the shade is very stiff and hard to move , fold or unfold . difficult to roll up . i wish they would have explained how un flexible the shade was .
 I thought that this shade was too expensive , and was just like the cheap version that is also no good . I would also look into an accordion type shadetree retractable windshield shade . the shade is the name of the type that I had for my dodge avenger and it was great . I will go back to shadetree for my prius .
 Does not fit the window in our 2008 Prius at all . In fact the left side of the shade is considerable taller than the right . Not sure who was in charge of quality control the day they made ours , but they must have been drunk.It does seem to be made of quality materials , but what does that matter when it ca n't be used due to the incorrect size?The shade is also far too bulky when rolled up . Not a problem if you do n't ever plan on having people ride in your back seat or if you do n't mind storing it in the hatch and getting it out of there whenever you park or do n't mind taking it down and storing it back there when you leave.All in all this thing gets an F from me . I honestly ca n't get over how poorly it fits .
 The new version of this shade fits poorly . The `` ears '' that cover the little side windows make it very difficult to install , remove and roll up . Not a good design . Look at an accordian type for the best fit .
 So for the price , I expected something less cumbersome . Do not purchase this if you can not spare the room in your car for this thing to be a passenger in - it 's huge , does not roll up easily , it 's stiff and all-around does not invite me to use it ... which is not the point of this product .
 The product is not bad and does the job . But for the price its not really worth it . Its very bulky in size and hard to put up and then put away .
 The applicator will fall apart after first use . The design is very good and makes putting on tire shine easy , but what good is it if it comes apart . I have even tried to reglue the applicator and it still come apart
 Like I said , I only used it once and the glue on the sponge backing against the plastic came off after the FIRST USE !!! The ergonomics and ease of application was easy , but they need to find a better way to make the sponge stick . I 'm going to try and get my money back .
 Tested fan operation right after installation and it worked great , just very noisy . The more the fan gets used the quieter it gets , like it sat on a shelf for years before it was purchased . pleased with operation , but very disappointed with noise .
 The seat covers started coming loose at the seams immediately upon putting them on the seats .
 The seat covers started coming loose at the seams immediately upon putting them on the seats .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 I am disappointed with the mop . It has been ackword for me to handle . The pad just swivels round and round as I try to get into corners or just move in a straight line . Not as all what I was expecting .
 Very disappointed.The wet mop pushes the dirt around.I also own euroclean which is excellent.Microfiber offered a bigger mop size , that is why I purchased it.No comparson to euroclean.Valerie J. Boope '
 SENT THE WRONG ONE-RETURNED IT - FOUND IT CHEAPER AT A DIFFERENT WEB SITE-GOT THE SAME BRAND -LRB- DASHMAT -RRB- OTHER SITE WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS
 I ordered one of these for my subaru - did n't even come CLOSE to fitting properly . It 's the usual cheap automotive grade carpet as well . Avoid and get something you can see in person and make sure fits .
 I purchased a WeatherTech heavy duty cargo liner about six years ago at a local auto parts store for $ 89.95 . I was very pleased with the thickness , weight , and the durable and wear characteristics of that product.So I ordered this WeatherTech cargo liner for $ 147.95 , sight unseen because of my previous experience , and the picture of the mat -LRB- mats ? -RRB- presented by the Seller.One , the picture shown is of at least three mats lined up in a row , The actual mat I received is the size of the last mat by the rear door.Two . The mat received is only , or less the thickness and weight of the one I purchased six years ago . And it does not have the same ridges and waffle reinforcing back of my old liner.Three , even though the mat does have a WeatherTech plastic logo glued to the mat that states `` Made in the USA '' ... Well , maybe the plastic logo was , but the cargo liner received was definitely made in China of thin material and with inferior workmanship.I advise any who are looking for a mat or liner at present , buy one at your local auto supply store , where you can examine the quality , thickness and weight of what you buy.If I had seen this one locally first , I would not have paid more than $ 30.00 for it , because it is barely worth that price .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 THIS IS NOT A CUSTOME FIT FLOORMAT . THE COLOR GRAY IS NOT THE SAME SADE OF GRAY AS VOLVO , THE HOLES THAT SNAP INTO THE FLOOR ARE NOT THERE LIKE PICTURED . THESE ARE THE SAME UNIVERSAL FLOORMATS YOU BUY AT WALMART FOR 25.99 . SINCE THEY DIDNT HAVE THE HOLES TO SNAP IN I JUST LAYED THEM DOWN BUT THEY SLIDE ON CARPET WHEN DRIVING SINCE THEY CANT BE SNAPPED IN LIKE THE CUSTOME ONES THAT COME WITH A CAR NEW . DONT BUY
 Though I 'm sure that this pump would 've operated properly , , , I was Extremely Disappointed that the Carter pump that was sent to me , looked NOTHING like the pump in the picture -LRB- instead , it was the newer style , bolt-together type -RRB- , , and when you 're trying to restore an old Mustang and the pump is suppose to appear a certain way -LRB- like in the advertised picture -RRB- , that 's what you expect to receive . It 's all about the details!Doug S.
 I purchased this unit from a Radio Shack in town -LRB- for way too much money , might I add -RRB- and was very upset to discover that by `` 140watt '' they mean `` 70 watts per plug '' -LRB- the device has two AC outlets on it . -RRB- Plugging in my Dell laptop adapter -LRB- which pulls exactly 70 watts -RRB- caused the unit to overload , and it popped the fuse inside of the cigarette lighter itself . Furthermore Radio Shack would n't take it back because they claimed I damaged it . Anyhow , the unit feels sort of cheaply constructed , and when it was `` on '' , it smelt like burning electronics . I would n't trust it as far as I could throw it.Go with another manufacturer , this company makes garbage .
 The pads were missing the V spring that holds the pads apart . This despite the fact that Amazon showed me the product as fitting my vehicle and the ad stating that hardware is included . I returned them and went to Autozone and bought Duralast pads that did come with the spring .
 The box was torn up when it arrived . It looked like it had been opened and then sent back . The `` U '' bolts would ` nt even go around the differental . and the instructions are useless .
 Did not work on my 2006 colorado Crew cab . just the bumps on the highway and the truck woud bottom out .
 I purchased these in June of 2009 and installed them on my truck to give my truck more support to haul my 31ft . 5th wheel . Today 6/13/2011 a 6 inch piece of one of the leaf spring helpers broke off while I was driving down the road . Lucky for me and other traffic it happened while I was on a less traveled road and only going about 25 mph . These leaf spring helpers are only 2 years old and they broke . I guess they are not made of quality steel . I do n't recommend them .
 Bought this for my truck to give it a little more carrying capacity.This was suppose to fit exactly . I checked and rechecked to make sure this would fit.Got it and followed the directions to a T and it would not fit no matter how much I tried . Also recieved the item in damaged condition , but this did not in any way cause it not to fit.They need to let people know whether something will or will not fit , not say it will fit , get it and it does n't . I would go with a name brand like Helwig and not this off brand made in china .
 The ad states these will give 2000 pounds more carrying capacity . No way . I can stand on a spring and almost deflect it flat to the ground .
 This product failed me . It was n't warm enough fast enough for 10F weather in a camper . I bought it for low power consumption , but a smarter idea would have been to buy one with adjustable heat setting which I could have turned down . THis one has no adjustability so either leave it on or unplug it ... but no matter what you do it will never keep you warm in extreme cold and is n't large enough for a single person . It 's smaller than it seems when you factor in that it has to wrap around the body in a 3D fashion and that takes a lot more than the width of your body .
 I bought the electric blanket for my husband because he is an over the road truck driver . He had one he had bought at a truck stop but it was getting worn out . The blanket worked for 2 weeks . He just informed me that it quit working - there is no heat at all coming from it . I am very disappointed .
 It 's little more like for throwing on the back of your seat to sit on rather then to curl up in . It barley works . It takes forever for it to heat up . I 'm not really happy about this because I could have got a bigger one for cheaper at my local store and a better quality .
 No u bolts washers nuts wrong width do n't buy this unfortunately I did n't see the other review before I purchased nobody else make this mistake
 The blocks arrived quickly , but there were NO U-BOLTS , nuts , or washers with them , even though the packaging said they were included in the kit . I was also sent 3 '' blocks instead of the 2 '' I ordered . The lack of u-bolts does n't disappoint me too much because chances are they would have been the wrong size anyway . For the price it would n't be a bad deal , if the blocks were the right size . The packaging is fairly cheap , formed clear plastic stapled to a cardboard back . I can see the nuts falling out , but the u-bolts ? Other information on the box that should be with the product description
 dont be fooled by the picture there are no u bolts that come with this `` kit '' . change the picture and me it less deceiving and the product would be fine
 This is not a direct replacement for a 2005 Hyundai Tiburon GT 5 speed Manual . It is a massively inferior product and to use it you would have to pull out the existing half shaft that is attached to the transmission as well as the bracket on the engine block that holds it in place , thereby making the front end substantially less stable.Avoid this bogus product like the plague .
 The description leads you to believe you will be getting 21 1 quart bottles . Which is awesome for $ 15.98 . Its actually only 1 bottle . A very pricey quart .
 Product come on time , and was well packed no scratches or dents looked very nice . The real problem was putting them on . . Was not real easy , matter a fact it took me about 3 hours and still feel they are not on perfect.You have to take body mount bolts out then tap bushing away from bolt -LRB- so you just have bolt -RRB- That was not hard but ... it was attaching them that became the problem . . After I had them attached and tightened bolts down -LRB- I tightened them down good -RRB- The GMC truck I have now makes all kinds a noise . . -LRB- creaks and makes noise when making turns . . It did not make NO noise before I put these on.I losened them up a little to maybe stop all the creaking but it still makes noise.I am NOT real happy with this purchase , would I recomend them ? NO
 This item will smell for about 2 weeks and then you have to smell for the sent.I will say buy a different product.RAL T
 Could never program the alarm even with the instructions . Was given additional programming instructions from seller , and still could not program . It now sits in a draw .
 Installed this cap on my 2006 Saab 95 Turbo and engine light went on within 10 minutes . Removed and put the OEM cap back on and light went out .
 I ordered a locking gas cap after making sure I had one that would fit my vehicle.Amazon gave the specs ! It arrived ! Does not fit . Now I 'm stuck with a lockinggas cap that fits who knows what ! If you have a 2012 vehicle - DO NOT BUY alocking gas cap unless you KNOW which one to buy . Now the page wo n't respondto my vehicle year let alone vehicle make . I 'm the loser ... NOT HAPPY!I had to rate this product to get it to publish but if I ca n't use it the ratingis a `` BIG FAT ZERO '' !
 Simple to install . Problem is that when you remove the key it still comes off easily . Not impressed with the quality so I am returning it for a refund .
 I specified the year , make , and model of my vehicle to purchase a locking gas cap and this is what was suggested that would fit my 3/4 ton gas Silverado . It arrived and it did n't fit . I ended up giving it to a friend because the cost to ship it back would have almost equaled the price of this gas cap . It seemed very cheaply made so it was probably for the best as I ended up going to O'Reilly Auto Parts where they sold me the correct gas cap . It was less than $ 20 out the door , but it is a much better than what this gas cap is.Skip this and go to an auto parts store .
 Just bought it , just got it ... followed the guide putting make , model and year of my car , got it super fast but IT DOES N'T LOCK !!! I called the manufacturer and they said nothing , literally `` What do you want ? Take it back to the store . '' They did not ask what model it was , or where I got it ... The girl said she would transfer the call but hung up instead . So if you have a Chrysler Town & Country 2003 chances are it wont lock !!!
 I work in the automotive parts industry and must say this cap is not the best choice for anyone looking for a secure cap.Here is why
 Put this on 2008 ford van . Had trouble unlocking from the jump . Just got worse longer I had it . Fianlly took it off and trashed it . Took 3 or 4 minutes to unlock and get off every time I filled up.Do not buy this junk !!!!
 Ordered for a 2012 Toyota Tacoma . Product has failed after ~ 5 months . Product is almost exclusively made of plastic which is unfortunate . Mechanism actuated by the key which is supposed to enable freewheeling of the top of the cap no longer disengages.Would not recommend
 This cap has caused my ` tighten gas cap ' light to alert numerous times . I had a hard time making it fit so i 'll not smell gas fumes when opening the driver side door after a trip . If you are buying this product for a 2004 silverado I would consider spending an extra 5 or 10 bucks on a cap that wont give you mentioned problems .
 I wish someone would have told me that this locking cap is a pain in the butt to operate before I purchased it . Do n't put it on without some practice first , then consider that the little metal guard over the key hole is going to make unlocking even more difficult . I threw it away because it was too much work .
 This `` locking '' gas cap has been a BIG disappointment . It does not lock or unlock easily , and it is a pain getting it to do either . I wish I had not bought it.I ended up throwing it in the garbage . DO N'T BUY !
 If you are in the market for a locking gas cap for a 2005 VIBE , look closely at the image associated with this gas cap . While the link to `` Make Sure It Fits '' returns
 This gas lock is VERY cheaply made ! Turned it the wrong way with the key in ONE time wrong , and the whole assembly/lock mechanism CAME OUT ON THE KEY ! BUYER BEWARE ! Follow the instructions to the letter !
 This gas lock is VERY cheaply made ! Turned it the wrong way with the key in ONE time wrong , and the whole assembly/lock mechanism CAME OUT ON THE KEY!The exact same thing happened to me the moment I went in to fill up for the first time with the new cap . Spend a few extra dollars or check with the car manufacturer for their model . Might be worth it .
 I screws shut ok and clicks , but mine will open again no matter what position the lock is in or whether the key is in or out . So it 's a locking cap that does n't lock.I would usually assume I just got a defective one and would try again , but this cap feels so very flimsy that I am just returning it and looking for wnother solution .
 The lock on these caps is mereley a placebo and a false sense of security . I was having fuel stolen from my vehicle on a regular basis and figured the $ 20 to lock the cap was worth it . Fuel theft continued shortly after so I decided to see how difficult it was to pick the lock . With a simple Google search I found that a bent paperclip or bobby pin would release the lock . I also discovered that if you jam a similarly sized key in and turn to the unlock position ... the lock cylinder comes out and the cap is in the unlock position with no damage to the entire product . The cylinder will then simply pop back in with absolutely no sign of tampering.Not only that , but the cylinder number is etched directly on the lock bezel and keys , so if you have a repeat offender all they need to do is merely shoplift a very small set of keys that match -LRB- possibly dozens or hundreds -RRB- and they have valid access to any number of `` locked '' fuel caps .
 Got this locking fuel cap for my Chevy Silverado 1500 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . Did a lot of research regarding which exact Stant fuel cap to order for my make/model . It is n't the best quality fuel cap I have encountered , but it works as far as the locking mechanism goes and seems sturdy enough . Seemed to fit ok and it locks and unlocks just fine so far . However , within 3 days of putting it on my truck , the `` check engine light '' came on with a notification to `` tighten fuel cap '' . Ca n't really tighten it any tighter as , once it is `` locked '' , it just spins . So , it does n't fit correctly even though it is the correct part number for my particular vehicle . I guess I will put the original cap back on and see if I can find another locking cap with a better fit .
 While this was ordered by Vehicle , Make and Model , it did not fit and was sent back for credit .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Dont ' bother with these rotors ! They warped after barely 300 miles . I was assured by PowerStop that their products were NOT from China , yet after peeling off a label on the box , it was clearly marked , `` Made in China '' . So either these are NOT really from PowerStop , or I was lied to .
 I thought I was getting a good deal on this sending unit , as the one at the Honda dealer was about double this price . This unit did not work at all . I was able to go to my local discount auto parts store and buy one that worked for the same price . Sending the unit back for refund does n't make much sense
 I saw the price for this item and thought it was worth buying . I had been having problems with my Honda starting and I purchased the ignitor , coil , rotor , cap , wires from amazon . I installed all the parts and the car would not start . I was then told by a friend who works on hondas that aftermarket ignitors are not of good quality and after about 2 hrs of arguing he convinced me to put the old ignitor back in and try it ... the car fired up right away . . it seems it was the coil ... even though an ohm meter tested the coil as good there was a problem with it ... Anyway . . the guy told me he would rather have a used OEM Honda ignitor then a new Aftermarket one . I dont know ... maybe he is right . . but My car fired right up and has been running ok since ... right now i am dealing with other problems . . cars can suck your wallet dry when they need work.I still have the ignitor and didnt return it but . . probably should have
 This cap seemed good at first . However closer inspection reveals that this will only deter the least determined of gas theives , and is more of a visual deterrent then an actual security device.A close look at the design of my filler neck reveals the nubs on the cap just sit behind the guides on the filler neck . They do n't lock in . What this means is that if you pull up on the cap and turn , there is a friction battle between where the spinning top contacts the base of the cap and the nubs against filler neck . Guess which has less friction ... the nubs against the filler neck . For this design to work , the cap would need to spin on ball bearings , or something else that has less friction then the nubs against the filler neck.Bottom line
 Stant 10506 Locking Fuel CapI bought this to have some ease of mind about not losing fuel to gas thievs or vandals . It works just fine and lock great on my car -LRB- 1998 Chevy Blazer -RRB- , but it allowed gas fumes to leak out of the tank which reduced the gas efficiency of my car . With gas prices steadly rising , I would not recomended this to consumers.And if you live in an area when an emmissions test is required to obtain an inspection sticker , the leaking fumes will cause your car to fail .
 I wish they had identified the top or bottom of the key slot or they could have used a double sided key , since the key is n't guided into the lock very well it 's always a bit of a pain to figure out which end is up.Another thing that would help , would be some kind of retainer , even if it did n't exactly match the original , at least some kind of lanyard attachment so I did n't have to worry about losing my new gas cap.At least the fit and function are close to the original cap , just slightly loose .
 If your going back and forth between this bag and the other bag -LRB- Classic Accessories 74877 Hitch Tote -RRB- , get the other one , this one is crap . The material used is a very thin , paper-like material that you sometimes see items wrapped in during shipping . I was thinking -LRB- hoping ? -RRB- it was nylon or gym bag-like material , but it 's not . It 's not very puncture proof . Also , there are no pockets or dividers , not really a big deal , just FYI .
 It served us well . Did its job . But after about 5 years , with very few times used , and not too many times needing to be charged from AC current , it would no longer charge up from an AC chord.It seems to me that if a car battery can last many years , with continuous use , this should last a lot more than 5 years.Schumacher PS-120A Mity-Mite Jump Starter Charger
 I have a PS-120A I bought about a year ago . I went to use it the other day and it said RECHARGE so I Recharged it . Immediately upon plugging it in it said CHARGED . So I left it in over night , unplugged it and pushed the status button , and it said `` RECHARGE '' . I called Schumacher this morning , and after waiting 20 MINUTES on hold , was told that the battery was likely bad , and that the battery had only a 90 day warranty , and that if you do n't charge the battery once a month every month it will discharge permanently and will become landfill like mine.CAREFULLY CONSIDER whether you want to purchase a Schumacher product . I asked if there was a trade in program , or if there is anything I can do , and they said `` Buy a new battery or buy a new unit '' . Hardly what I would call stellar company support , and even though they charge a premium for their products , THEY DO NOT STAND BEHIND WHAT THEY MAKE !!! My next jump starter will NOT be a Schumacher .
 It worked fine for about 2 years , starting my Ford Ranger approximately 10-12 times , then just went south and would n't hold a charge . Same as some other reviewers here . For the money it is not a good value .
 This thing works great ... for a while . We had no problems with ours for the first year or two . At this point , it 's worthless -- does n't charge any more . If it 's a planned obsolescence thing , it makes sense to buy a cheaper one and consider it disposable ... Or maybe we just got a bad apple . However , given that a couple of other reviewers have noted similar problems , I suspect that our experience is n't atypical .
 Seems ok at first , charged fine as advertised . Used it 3 times in the first day i had it charged -LRB- lucky timing ! -RRB- and the negative terminal connector flew apart each time . Had to reassemble each time and it still is shakey . Very frustrating in that attaching to anything of any size causes it to self-destruct . Now I 've taken to just holding it on to something a la a defribulator and hoping for the best . Would not buy again .
 i would n't recommend this product . The positive terminal clamp broke in half the first time i used it ... I , as I was stranded , rigged up a method to make contact with the terminal w / the remaining half of the clamp . Then the charger -LRB- which was charged fully the previous night -RRB- did n't provide enough power to actually turn the engine over . I will be returning to the store tonight , returning this item , and purchasing a different charger .
 I have had 2 faulty units right out of the box . The first would not hold a charge for more than a couple of days and that did not improve after cycling the battery a number of times . I returned it for a replacement and that 2nd unit never indicated a full charge - even after being on charge for several days . I am moving on to another brand.Don ' t waste your time and money on these poor quality items .
 Bought one of these to jump start my 3.6 litre 911 . It doesnt have the power to even turn it over once when fully charged . Complete waste of time , maybe it will start a lawn mower .
 I own this little jumper and I am not very happy with it.Pros
 Do n't trust the sizes on the Auto lookup . Measure your current wipers before you order , this lookup does not work !!!
 I purchased these wipers based on the positive reviews ... WOW ! What a mistake !! I put them on my wife 's 2004 Toyota Camry and my 2004 Toyota Echo , and they seem to have apparently `` dried out '' while exposed to sunlight , for every time you turn on the wipers , they `` skid '' along the windshield and make a lot of noise . My wife complained to me about them ... more than once ... saying they were EXTREMELY noisy . They worked OK for a VERY short time , but it did n't take them very long to become `` dried out '' and start `` skipping along '' on the windshield , making much noise , and no longer cleaning the windshield as they were meant to do . Apparently , Anco uses VERY low quality rubber for these ... hence the low price . If I could have given them zero stars , I would have . I am 64 years of age and have had many different windshield wiper blade replacements in my life , but never with such poor results . Do n't waste your money on these !!!!
 One star only because zero was not an option ! There 's nothing to say other than , the Amazon app that , helps you find the right parts for your vehicle , specified a wiper blade that not only did n't fit , it was n't even the correct mount . What a waste of time and money !
 seemed like a nice heavy steel cap and would have worked great if they would have sent the rite keys for it ! keys have serial number on them and cap has serial number on it they did not match ! next time i will go to a store and buy it to make sure they keys are the rite ones !!!
 HOW DO I RETURN THIS PURCHASE ? I ORDERED THIS AS INSTRUCTED AND THEY DONT FITAND THEY DONT SEND YOU ANY INFORMATION ON HOW RETURNIF THEY IS A PROBLEM
 Purchased this for a 1978 Chevy Silverado . When the cap is placed on the truck and locked , a seal is not created . Consequently , if the tank is full , fuel can escape - or fumes are escaping most the time . A thicker o-ring would likely solve the problem .
 The Hopkins taillight converter kit arrived quickly , and was easy to install if you have basic understanding of wiring . The provided tester was cheap , but got the job done . The quality of the product seemed fine given the inexpensive price point.However , be careful to make sure it works with your vehicle . After installing I used the tester in the plug to check the left and right indicators and the running light -- all worked fine . But when hooking it up to the trailer , the running light worked , but the indicators would blink once then shut off . After doing a bit more digging , it seems I needed a powered converter .
 Wired it in place -LRB- I 'm a professional technician -RRB- and it did not work . Removed and disposed . Was not worth time and handling and shipping to return . Went to Walmart and bought a similar unit for a few more dollars and it worked fine .
 If the kits converter would not have been faulty I 'd give it five stars . Once you figure out the concept it 's pretty easy to install . But it took my engineer boyfriend a day to fix . turns out the converter was bad ... so he had to directly hard wired it . I may just have gotten the rare bad unit , who knows .
 Okay , thought I was getting a deal here , but this kit just connects the car wires to the pigtail and is n't any better than `` just '' a pigtail . Called the company and they said the 2003 Ford Crown Vic does NOT need the circuit protection `` anymore . '' Noticed that it was changed on other Crown Vic year models also . Not sure if I need circuit protection or not with this car , but got a kit that wires directly to the car battery , just in case . My trailer has a bunch of lights and it 's probably cheaper to get the more expensive kit from another company , -LRB- Tow Ready 119176KIT from etrailer.com $ 65 -RRB- just in case .
 This product does n't appear to have any advantages over any inexpensive trailer wiring kit available from Amazon or any auto parts store or discount store , unless the installer does n't know which color wire connects where ; in which case this kit does at least have that information cast into the plug . You tap into each turn signal wire , the left brake light wire and the left tail light wire of the car.But when I finished connecting mine the male ground plug was bent toward the female plugs too far for the opposite plug to fit . I bent it back straight with my fingernail , and it broke right off ! Examining the broken end , it 's obvious that less than 1/4 of the metal prong was connected to the rest of the plug ; and the connection was not sunk into the plastic for reinforcement . Either the design or construction of this part was way substandard . Since I had already connected all the wires , I just cut the ground wires off both plugs and soldered them to a blade connector . Next time I 'll buy a less-expensive trailer wiring kit . It ca n't be any worse quality , and if it 's as bad as this one I 'll at least get a spare trailer harness out of the deal .
 First off this helmet is enormous , even in a medium . It is the right size for my head and fits ok but I might as well flip it upside down because is sits on the top of my head and does n't really go on or around it . There is so much padding inside it that it does not even slide halfway down your head . Obviously a knock off with the materials used . I do n't understand why there are so many good reviews ! The chrome looks nice but it 's so easily corrupted that I scratched it with my fingernails trying to get the stickers off of it . I can understand that in order for it to be DOT approved that it should include a lot of padding but the only way this helmet would be safe is if you fell straight down from the sky onto your head . I am definitely returning this helmet despite having to pay for shipping both ways . I will up my rating review if the refund goes smoothly .
 This thing was NOTHING like what I expected . The foam padding on the inside makes the PLASTIC helmet sit so high on your head that it really protects nothing . I sent mine back .
 the helmet is made very cheeply and the straps to fasten the helmet are crooked . I would not recomend this product for a serious motorcyclist
 First off this helmet is enormous , even in a medium . It is the right size for my head and fits ok but I might as well flip it upside down because is sits on the top of my head and does n't really go on or around it . There is so much padding inside it that it does not even slide halfway down your head . Obviously a knock off with the materials used . I do n't understand why there are so many good reviews ! The chrome looks nice but it 's so easily corrupted that I scratched it with my fingernails trying to get the stickers off of it . I can understand that in order for it to be DOT approved that it should include a lot of padding but the only way this helmet would be safe is if you fell straight down from the sky onto your head . I am definitely returning this helmet despite having to pay for shipping both ways . I will up my rating review if the refund goes smoothly .
 This thing was NOTHING like what I expected . The foam padding on the inside makes the PLASTIC helmet sit so high on your head that it really protects nothing . I sent mine back .
 the helmet is made very cheeply and the straps to fasten the helmet are crooked . I would not recomend this product for a serious motorcyclist
 I bought this for use on my 2003 Toyota Tacoma PU , which came equipped with a hitch and is pre-wired for towing . So far , so good.The first thing that I noticed about this Reese 21794 `` ball mount '' , is that it 's TOO LONG ! The one and only hole that is drilled in this item causes it to stick out from the hitch several inches . This means that the trailer wiring harness needs to be that much longer , as well . I do n't find this to be true in all cases , and this extra length caused me to have to purchase a -LRB- 3 foot !! -RRB- wiring harness extension at the last minute , in order to tow a borrowed trailer.The second annoying thing about this item is the rattle , caused by about a 1/16th inch tolerance between the Toyota receiver and the Reese product . Driving without a load on ANY trailer -LRB- I 've tried 3 different ones , so far ! -RRB- caused the `` ball mount '' to bounce up and down inside the receiver . I 'm no towing veteran , but I do n't see why Reese ca n't choke up the tolerance so that the ball mount can be easily slid into the receiver , yet not be so damn noisy ! ... and how about a SECOND hole , for those of us that do n't care about the extra towing length , but DO care about the ability to use a standard/short wiring connection !
 When i saw the description as static cling , I thought you would stick it on the outside of your window . This can not be be seen through tinted windows from the inside .
 I like the product . It gets your hands clean without drying them out . I Bought a box of 6 and whoever packed them for shipping , put the box of six in the shipping box upside down . 3 of the lids came off and the cleaner was all over the inside of the box . I was n't impressed at all . I wrote to Amazon about their packaging but as of yet have n't got a reply . The cleaner would be worth the price if it was shipped right .
 buenas tardes deberian informar mas sobre el producto por ejemplo si vienen los 2 cilindros cuantas llaves trae si tienen un combro con cilindros y swichera ser mas especificos en cuanto al producto se refiere
 This claimed to fit a '73 Superbeetle , but it was too tall and the flap on the car would not close . Be careful before you buy . They did take it back .
 The rack u get is not the one in the picture . The pic on the box is the same as the on online however what is in the box is WAY different . The joint that connects the piece that attaches to the hitch ; to the long vertical piece is not like the pic at ALL . The joint makes the unit weak and very unstable . Unusable !!!! DO NOT BUY THIS RACK . TRUST ME . HUGE WASTE OF MONEY .
 I admit , I saw this on a Lightning Deal and got taken . After looking at it and mounting it to my brother 's car , I realized that there is only one `` point of contact '' holding the bike to the carrier . All of the other bike racks I 've seen have 2 arms , thus holding the bike securely near the seat post and the handlebars . This holds your bike somewhere in the middle , sandwiched between 2 metal plates . The problem is if you 're only carrying one bike , the plates do n't seem to clamp down properly . But if you carry 2 bikes , the plates clamp down properly , but then they flex because of the load of 2 bikes . I honestly do n't see how anyone could trust their bike to this design . We never tried and now I 'm looking for a new bike rack .
 It fit extremely loose . It does not sit straight off the back of my truck it fits a little off to the right which I think is very strange . My other bike rack was straight but I use that on my camper trailer . All I can say is that it works for the price . You get what you pay for .
 I bought this product and it arrived promptly . Before I opened the box , I noted a statement on the outside that said ` Not recommended for RV or Trailer Use ' or something similar . This was my intended use and had not appeared in the online description anywhere . Although I had intended to use the product immediately , I returned it since it was inappropriate .
 So , I have the carrier all put together and ready to go . I go to put the plate on to hold the bikes in place and it is welded in a way that will not allow the bolt that screws the plate down to thread . If I had a cutting torch handy I might be able to fix , but I do n't . I plan on sending the product back since it is worthless to me , but I really do n't like to buy products and then spend countless hours taking them back apart , boxing them up , and then waiting at a post office . This product is junk , it did n't work when I needed it , and now I have to spend time that I do n't have to get one that is functional . Do n't they inspect these Items at all before they send them out to customers .
 I have already thrown this product away . After one winter in Iowa , it is all rusty . I did try to use soft steel wool to bring it back . This worked well but only for a short time.I would recommend a more durable product if you are in cold climates .
 CHARGER DOES NOT DO THE JOB , INCONSISTENT SURGES , DOES NOT CHARGE BATTERY . RETURNED . POOR QUALITY .
 The tools provided in this kit is adequate , however unnecessary , as you can get those in any medicine cabinet at home . The actual frost fighter product is what really upset me . When I opened the bottle it was only 1/4 filled and it was n't as liquid as it was supposed to be . It was like 1 year old left over paint , most of it was stuck to the cotton swab with the first dip I made.There are other CHEAPER products out there . Do n't buy this one ! I would return it but , all the solution is on the cotton swab !
 The charger was received with the large transformer flopping around in the case of the charger , i contacted the manufacturer of the charger and they said i would have to pay $ 25 shipping on it , and they would repair the charger ???? I think their quality control needs to be improved and i do n't feel i should pay $ 25 shipping to have a new charger repaired .
 I figured that a gas cap like this would ship with a rubber seal on the inside . It does not . Had to makeshift a rubber seal . Really a big bummer .
 The product description says , '' ... Foam Case Seals included . '' * However , there are no foam seals included . I bought this item instead of a lower priced item because my old seals were not that good and I wanted the new ones that were supposed to be included with this item . But this heater core came without the new seals , and I needed my vehicle and could n't wait to ship this heater core back and get a different one , so I had to use my old seals anyway.Also , the packaging was poor . The inlet and outlet tubes were a little out of whack because of this , and several of the cooling fins were bent over . Basically , they put the heater core between two pieces of that fluffed-up brown paper stuff and threw it in a box that was not well-sized . It could move around all over the place and the part did not stay between the paper filler . So it banged around in the box and torqued the inlet and outlet tubes a bit where they exit the core tank . It also rattled around and damaged the cooling fins a bit in several places . But , like I said , I needed my vehicle and could n't wait any longer to fix it , so I put it on.The product may be good . I hope so , because replacing the heater core again is n't something I really want to do . But this product only received a 1 star rating from me because it did not include new foam seals like the advertisement here says it would.I do n't blame Amazon for this . I blame the supplier , AutoPartsWAY . I will not buy from them again . They are a poor seller who advertises falsely about what is included with the product and they package their product worse than any package I have ever received.Had I not needed my truck , and had I been able to wait to return this and get something else , I would have returned it . Next time I will spend a little more and buy from the local auto parts store . Buying from AutoPartsWAY was a mistake . * `` OE Part-same one that you get from the vehicle manufacturer Foam Case Seals included ''
 The Good
 Although advertised to fit a 1996 Suburban , they do not . The tab on the back is not aligned and it does n't fit flush like it is supposed to .
 The charger did not meet our expectations so we returned it . It would not charge a battery that it claimed it would
 I 've bought this product to save me the time and money and I ended up losing money.In the first few months the ball was changing fine and everything is good . Now it 's rusted and the 2-5/16 well not come out . So I 'm stuck with 1 ball , just like a normall hitch . I really took good care with it and I had a bag for it . I use to clean it everytime it rained on me while towing or if it got dirty . That still did n't help .
 So I 've been using the curt switch ball with my f150 for the past month or so . I regularly tow a few different trailers and need to switch between the 2 '' and 2 5/16 '' ball . I got this so I would n't have to carry 2 different ball mounts around in my truck , and it fulfilled that purpose . Heres a big problem I 've run into though . When it gets cold , due to thermal contraction or something , it becomes really difficult if not impossible to swap the balls out . At first I thought it was rust forming either on the stem or the balls , but I tried the 1 7/8 '' ball which I have never used and it would n't go on either . I left it in my house overnight and now I can slide all of the balls on and off no problem . Have n't found a good solution to this yet . Thinking about trying the reese switch ball system to see if that works better
 the ball was damaged -LCB- slightly -RCB- point it was supposed to be new , plus after shipping the price was higher than prices for the same thing at local stores , bad move on my part , lesson learned . do not reccomend this this product .
 This product ruined at least 3 brand new batteries . Amazon refuses to do anything about it and the manufacturer will not stand behind their product . I will never use amazon or a schumacher product again . If the product is `` as is '' I may as well buy it used for a fraction of the cost .
 This charger appeared to have a lot going for it , but appearances can be deceiving . When it arrived the insulation on the charging wires was not inserted in the fuse holders , so I had to buy new holders and replace them to avoid the hassle and expense of sending it back -- it is very heavy at 21 lbs . For a while it worked charging both batteries in my 27 ' sailboat , but it is incredibly noisy -LRB- a 60-cycle hum you can hear outside the boat with the cabin closed up -RRB- , so loud that you ca n't sleep in the boat with it on . After a few months it stopped charging my house battery , giving a flashing red LED -LRB- check battery -RRB- signal . Fiddling with it would , sometimes , and randomly , allow it to charge the battery . Then after a year it stopped charging the start battery . I thought my batteries were toast , as I gave up and stopped even turning it on recently . The Guest 16102 I replaced it with is completely silent , and went straight to ` float ' charging my batteries -LRB- it turns out they were almost fully charged by the engine 's alternator on a recent long trip -RRB- , even though the Schumacher showed flashing red LEDs for both output circuits , i.e. check -LRB- dead -RRB- battery . This was a waste of money , and the worse kind of product , one that works for a while and then stops working when the warranty has expired .
 I bought this to replace a dead Schumacher charger I was using on my sailboat , and returned it because of the loud humming noise it makes . This unit also very heavy , clunky , and produces much heat . I purchased instead a Guest smart charger which has worked flawlessly for over two years now .
 I HATE MUNROE SHOCKS BECAUSE THEY ARE CRAP-SOFT ... PAID EXTRA AND GOT THESE - STILL UNSATISFIED , BUT MAYBE IT IS MY STYLE OF DRIVING AND HISTORY . . I AM USED TO STREET TRUCKS , PERFORMANCE VEHICLES ETC. . I PUT BILSTEIN HD 'S ON MY LAST TRUCK AND WAS IMPRESSED . ALL MY SHOCKS WERE SHOT ON THE HONDA SO I GRABBED THESE AND I AM NOT IMPRESSED . STILL LOTS OF BODY ROLL - STILL LOTS OF HOOPTY HUMP . JUNK IN MY BOOK - GETTING ANOTHER SET OF THE SUPER STIFF BILSTEINS THAT FEEL RIGHT TO ME .
 It works fine in warm weather but not in cold.I 've been expecting it to there for me when needed , but it did not have enough cold cranking amps . I had to call AAA even though I had this and it was fully charged.AAA uses 500 cold cranking amps with their unit , this has only 250 .
 This is the first K&N ; CAI that I have bought that I did not like at all . It says that it fits a 2004 F-150 and it even came with the correct instruction manual showing pictures of my exact truck but none of it fit like it should . I believe that the polished pipe may have been bent incorrectly because when I put it on it was a good 2 inches off of where it should have pointed . I had to bend the heat shield that it came with as well as the part of the fender that the heat shield mounts to and the bracket for the pipe just to get it close to fitting . Then I had to go buy longer rubber tubing so that I could make the pipe bend just far enough to connect it . Once I was finally able to get the pipe somewhat lined up the air filter almost did n't fit . I have maybe a half of an inch from the fender . I have purchased 2 other K&N ; kits for other cars and they fit perfectly but this one was awful . At this point in time I will keep it because of all of the effort I went through to put it in but if I have any problems with it I will be returning it.Aside from the fit , this looks awesome in my truck and it seems to have given it a little more power/torque but I have n't seen much of a mpg increase yet .
 I bought one of these a few months back and my problems began ... First one of the wheel brackets fell down inside and I had to take one of the side panels off to get it back . Once I got the side panel off , I noticed there were quite a few little nuts and bolts laying loose in the bottom of the unit . Next I found to my dismay that the screws included to install the handle would not fit . I had go find others . The top panel seems to move very easy . I had a little Schumacher that lasted for over 20 years . Now I would not buy another one .
 used on 6-speed stock transmission . fitted correctly . look good . but after a couple of months the boot split . the rubber is of poor quality
 Size listed was not correct so this did not work for me . The actual size is 5 1/2 '' in diameter .
 If I could do it all over again I would have not bought this battery charger . I mainly bought it for the high amperage boost application to start vehicles with weak or dead batteries . What I found is that the machine cranks up the voltage on the 300 amperage settings to alarming levels . I noticed this when my Mid 70 's Pontiac Volt gauge got pinned during a boosted start . Turns out 30amp and 60 amp is enough for most starts anyway and the voltage is not crazy at these levels . I also wish I would have bought a automatic charger instead of having to baby sit this thing . It asks for using a hydrometer for calculating charge times -LRB- good luck with a sealed battery -RRB- . I ended up buying a cheapo automatic Menards charger to compliment this charger . The battery load test/charge test seems to work ok . Only two stars from me . Please rate this review if it was helpful .
 Connections were loose inside ... so had to take cover off and inspect since it did n't come on after plugging in.Not as pictured . Foot is plastic not metal . Tires are thin and not substantial ... toy like junk.Didn ' t inspire that keeping this was going to go well . Returned it the next day.Bought a Sears Craftsman . Quality was better and it worked without fiddling or hasseling around .
 Two chargers arrived with major dents on the bottom -LRB- see pictures I posted -RRB- . Schumacher ships them without adequate protective packaging . It may be a good charger if you can get an undamaged unit . I 'm waiting for the third one now.Update
 Seemed okay at first . Very handy with nice features . Then the current indicator failed . Then the timer eventually failed so it would n't shut off automatically . Then it did n't seem to charge very well so I checked the voltage and it was putting out much less than 12 volts . Maybe that 's operation normal but does n't make sense to me .
 My unit arrived with the top section forced down as if it had been dropped whilst upside down and the edges had been buckled slightly . Since the Unit came shipped in excellent packaging with no indication of shipping abuse , I can only deduce the that manufacture has poor quality control or simply choose to send out the unit damaged in this way . On using the equipment , I experienced similar issues to other reviewers . I found that the unit 's charge measurement rated poorly as follows ; 8.43 v at 2amps , 9.89 v at 10 amps and 12.23 v at 40 amps . The starter mechanism seems to function perfectly well but the internal fan does not work which limits my charge times to 10 min intervals to allow the unit to cool . I would hope this unit was just part of a bad batch as others seem to be experiencing good results but I 'm inclined to believe that based on my initial findings , this unit will be up for return .
 When you receive the item there is a LONG list of devices that may be damaged when used including anything with built-in rechargable batteries such as shavers , drills , flashlights etc. . Made me questions it 's use for laptops and cellphone since they have rechargers built in . It also may damage anything with speed controls or fans . It 's also not for use with portable heaters or microwaves . That pretty much eliminates anything in my home with the exception of lights and the tv . However , backup system worked properly and without interruption when power cord disconnected . However , when unplugged and in backup mode the LED indicator always displayed a 100 % charge and 0 % Watt usage regardless of how many units were plugged into the device . I charged a cell phone for 10 minutes and upon plugging the unit back in to recharge it indicated the unit was at 80 % capacity but recharged quickly to 100 % . I think the unit is functioned properly as a backup but it has faulty LED indicators for battery level and Watt usage . The LED indicator lights did not work when in backup mode . I called customer service and and the number in the users manual is not a working number . This unit is HEAVY and definitely for stationary and not portable use . Definitely check the long list of devices that may be damaged before purchasing this unit .
 I 've had this UPS for about a year now , and it has become practically useless now . . Let me explain : At first it worked pretty good . I would be able to connect a 22 '' TV , DVD and a small table top fan and run them for about 1.5 hours.Recently , the batteries die out in an instant , no matter how long I leave it charging.If I connect only the small fan -LRB- Which consumes only 40watts according to the LED -RRB- , in about 30 mins the UPS starts beeping indicating an E01 error . After a minute or so , it shuts down.If I disconnect the fan , and turn it on , the LED says its at 100 % charge ... ! Yet if I connect anything to it again , it starts beeping and shuts down in a couple of minutes!Furthermore , if I connect it to the wall outlet , it indicates it 's charging from 90 % , and it reached FUL in a few minutes ... ! What gives ??? If it 's at full capacity , why the heck is it shutting down ?? Seems to me that the batteries are faulty and are not retaining charge.I 'll also note that this is my second Powersource 400 , since the first one died out in a couple of months . During a power failure , it just shut down and would not turn back on . Even when connected to a working outlet.Steer clear from this faulty product . At $ 300 + you can find much better products out there.P.S . And to make it worse , the online tech support at the website actually CHARGES you for any question you may have ... ! $ 35 dollars a pop mind you ! Bravo Xantex ... You give new meaning to `` Thieves in suits '' .
 Fantastic unit , with a fatal flaw . Even when plugged in to 110v , the unit often -LRB- more than once per day -RRB- believes there 's no power , and goes into battery mode . Sometimes , it recovers after a few minutes . Other time , it drains its whole battery , and turns off ! As a result , the unit has drastically lowered the reliability of power availability - precisely the opposite of what it is intended to do.I bought two of these units from Amazon , and will return them . I have since bought an APC XS-1500 which has less features , but works like a charm.I spoke to Xantrex technical support , but they had no solution other than `` sorry , please return them and try to get another one from a different batch date '' . Mine say they were built May 7 2007 .
 I have a number of Xantrex products and have found them to be good quality . I can not say the same for thier product support . I have a Powersource 1800 that shorted out . It is less than 2 years old -LRB- 20 months -RRB- . It is out of warranty . I am willing to pay to have it repaired . They will NOT repair it or sell parts for it . The best they will do is sell me another unit at 30 % off list . I was informed by customer suppoer that they do not repair products that are out of warranty . So beware buying Xantrex -LRB- aka Scnieider Electric -RRB- , Durucell branded Xantrex products , and APC -LRB- a Schneider Electric company -RRB- . Once they are out of warranty , if something happens to the you can throw them in the trash heap .
 I was so disappointed when I got these . They did not work on my garage door opener . I had to return them and I am waiting for my refund.I hope it gets here soon as it was over $ 50.00 . I could really use that right now.I am sad that the openers did not work .
 I bought this to power my pellet stove in case of power outage . Well the power went out , I connected it to this unit and it only ran about 1 1/2 hours and the battery was dead ! The power unit was plugged in and charging for over a week before I needed to use it . So much for &#34; running for 50hrs &#34; as stated in the description ...
 Bought the unit to run 4 strings of christmas lights that adorned an outdoor craft fair booth . Lights drew 400 watts -LRB- seemed OK as unit was advertised as having a 600 watt inverter -RRB- , however , unit only lasted 3 minutes before the internal alarm sounded -- even after recommended 35-hour first charge . Even using only one string of lights -LRB- 100 watts -RRB- , the battery only lasted approximately 10 minutes before the alarm sounded . Too bad - this seemed like such a good idea for quiet , long lasting outdoor power .
 I purchased this power pack for the purpose of powering my flash strobes outside when electricity is not available . It does not power my strobes . I plug one in and and turn it on . The strobe display just flashes on and off . I have a 40.00 power pack that works great for my strobes . I am not sure if I got a defective one or it will not work for the strobes , but I am not taking any chances , so I am returning it .
 I bought this a little less than 2 year ago , and used it once a year . It worked fine when I first bought it , but after that it would not hold a charge . After 6 months warranty is ineffective . This last time I plugged in a string of LED lights with less than 5 watts , and it lasted for 7 min . completely worthless product .
 The digital readout does n't work , and the machine wo n't hold a charge . The company wo n't repair or replace . I bought this for my father-in-law for Christmas , and it was a waste of money . Unfortunately , he did n't try it out until after the 90-day return period .
 I was disapointed . I had hoped it would hold a charge for a lot longer , but it did n't . I used this in a craft booth to light 4 strings of Christmas lights and a tree . It only lasted about 4 - 5 hours . When the battery began to run low , it `` Buzzed '' really loud.I wish I had picked the bigger one .
 I bought this , with the hope that it would be able to jump start my car if needed . I had been having some battery problems , so I bought this . I charged it as the directions indicated in the User 's Guide directed , then I checked it and it displayed 100 % full . I needed to jump my battery and I followed the directions in the User Guide , and it would not work . The light came on on the powerpack , BUT it would not jump start my car . I returned it , and will try another one . I might have gotten a defective unit , and I realize that , but I will not be buying another one of these from Xantrex .
 I had an old Xantrex which I had for 3 years and used a number of times . The jack from the a/c plug corroded and would n't charge anymore . I figured maybe it was because I left it plugged in all the time . I bought this one in Oct 2007 and never used it except to see if the features were working . Now when it is plugged in the alarm keeps ringing all the time.I never should have come back for seconds . I see Sears has a die hard one.I am going to look into it . At least Sears backs their products .
 Mine lasted about 6 months . It reads 100 and does n't hold a charge . I was using it every day and one day ... well . . it would n't run my laptop , even thought it said it was fully charged . Looking at the other reviews , I think I would 've done better buying something else . In fact , I 'm going to buy the Black and Decker and chunk this .
 My Xantrex XPower Powerpack 600 Heavy Duty is not good for an emergency . It is an emergency . The unit does not hold a charge . It takes days to fully charge and loses its charge by 10 % each day.Xantrex customer service has not been helpful other than to say that I should charge it through my car cigarette lighter.I ask , what should I do charge it all the time . Thats the only way their will be any power when you need it ... I bought this item to help if I have a problem ... It is the problem .
 I purchased this item to be used at tradeshows and was very disappointed with the outcome . The item was supposed to power a flourescent light for 23 hours and the alarm went off at only 3 . I wouldnt buy this item again .
 I bought this a little less than 1 year ago , and used it occassionally , for emergency power . It worked fine when it worked , but this last time I pulled it out it was totally dead , and would n't charge . I contacted the company and they would n't replace it as they say the warranty is only 6 months . Amazon website says 1 year . I would n't buy another Xantrex product based on this lousy warranty / service ...
 I have owned this for about 4 months and have had to send in 2 . On the first , the readout did n't work , then on the second , the charger died after using it once . The readout does n't work on the third , but I figured what 's the use ? I tried calling xantrex to see why there are so many problems , but getting their customer service is impossible . When it works , it 's great , but does n't have nearly the operating time that it says . Also , the radio might as well not even be there since the reception is so bad with the battery working . Amazon is great in exchanging this , however , and I give them 5 stars .
 I used my 600HD only a few times before the display stopped working . It was never subjected to water or anything out of the ordinary.The foreigner I just got off the phone with tells me there is no way to fix this.I 'm sorry , but why would Xantrex sell high tech products that can not be repaired ?
 Beware ! Per the product brochure , this unit will only support 600watts for 5 minutes . It only has a 480watt constant rating !
 I 've had this product for about a year . The readout that tells you how much charge is left never worked!When I first got the product , the readout did n't seem to work according to the directions , but it took me some use to figure out it did n't work properly . I could find out how much charge was left , but it did n't display the info as the directions stated . The item is so heavy and bulky , I decided not to bother returning it and just live with the inconvenience ... Now , after three or four camping trips worth of use , the readout does n't work at all ! There 's no way to find out how much charge the unit has remaining . I just have to find out when it dies . Not very convenient at all .
 I have a number of Xantrex products and have found them to be good quality . I can not say the same for thier product support . I have a Powersource 1800 that shorted out . It is less than 2 years old -LRB- 20 months -RRB- . It is out of warranty . I am willing to pay to have it repaired . They will NOT repair it or sell parts for it . The best they will do is sell me another unit at 30 % off list . I was informed by customer suppoer that they do not repair products that are out of warranty . So beware buying Xantrex -LRB- aka Scnieider Electric -RRB- , Durucell branded Xantrex products , and APC -LRB- a Schneider Electric company -RRB- . Once they are out of warranty , if something happens to the you can throw them in the trash heap .
 Worked great when first received and was used less than 20 hours total . Unit died within days after warranty expired . Contacted manufacturer and was told they are not repairable but offered to sell me another one for the same price .
 I purchased this to jump remote vehicles and as a power source for short term power outages . Unit worked fine the first months and then summer came and did n't need it until the next fall . Unit worked a few times and then refused to take a charge . This seems to be a problem with this type of unit so first thing I would do is look at the warranty . If it is less then a year I would be suspicious . Some have a two year warranty . I would also suggest looking at the manuals on line , some like one Sears unit requires you to turn on a switch to enable the usb port . Strange thing is that this switch also turns on the jumper cables which I find a safety issue . Especially since the 12volt ports are hot all the time . Why not the usb ? Also the Xantrex units radio was a laugh . Overall a great idea but could n't deliver .
 I purchased it primarily as a jumpstarter for my classic VW ... and secondarily as a backup power sourse in case of hurricane etc. . It may work well for the latter - but after getting it , charging it for 3 days , and trying to jump my car - it would barely turn it over and was dead after 3 tries . Back to a $ 75 Battery Charger/Jump Starter for me .
 worked great the 3 times I used it but after a week long trip it refused to recharge so now a great paperweight but very pricy for the 3 times I used itsadly it just out of warrety
 The XPower 600HD digital display will show me power consumption in watts when AC appliances are being run from the outlets , but it has never shown me the battery charge level percentage as described in the manual . So I would describe the display functionality as `` half broken '' . The run time I 'm getting from the AC outlets is pretty dismal . My 50-watt incandescent light bulb should have run for 5 to 6 hours but lasted only 2.5 hours before the XPower 600HD buzzer sounded indicating low battery voltage . I shut it down for 30-minutes then got an additional 15-minutes of power for my 50-watt light bulb before it started buzzing again.I fully charged the unit for two days before I ran my test . I then ran the same test three or four times with at least 24-hours of charging before each test.Sure the XPower 600HD pretty much does what it 's supposed to but it does n't even come close to meeting the specs set forth in the Owner 's Guide . Running a 50-watt bulb for only 2.5 hours is unacceptable . A digital display that is `` half broken '' is unacceptable.Be sure to test yours . You might be disappointed .
 I have this about 14 months ... Over the last 14 months I used this about 4 times ... Now it will not recharge ... COMPLETE KRAP !!! Do NOT buy this brand ...
 This batter backup has been charging for days however can not hold enough charge to even let a laptop run for 30 minutes . Very disappointed in this purchase .
 Do n't waste your money on this . I 've had mine for a year , taken good care of it , and yet it will only power ONE fan for 30 minutes . I tried my coffee maker
 I have nothing but trouble with the battery company that sent the power pack 600HD . I have never been able to charge it because of a defective charger . They can not send me a replacement because they do not have one . They want me to pay full postage to send back the defective charger . They offered me a choice of replacement or junk and refund . I chose junk and refund since it is impossible to send such a heavy thing back at my cost . I bought this in August and have not received a refund , am being charged with interest , and have a $ 325 item I can not use . When I called &#34; Mark &#34; he told me I was unreasonable to talk to and to call back when I calmed down . HELP . I only want to charge what I think would be a good battery to take camping or stop charging me and calling me unreasonable .
 If you do need power in an emergency , avoid Xantrex products . While it 's possibly true that the first charge requires a long time , mine has been at it for a couple of days and still does n't work . I 'll try another few days and then I will consign it to it 's proper disposal . There are many other backup power units available on the Web , so avoid the hassle and the very short Xantrex warranty ...
 I only used this product on -LRB- 2 -RRB- ocassions , when it shorted out . Tried to find the to 40 amp fuses but no luck . Got very aggrivated and tossed the entire unit in the garbage .
 Before I even attempted to charge the unit , I removed one of the plastic covers on a plugin to inspect the plugin . To my amazement , the unit -- THIS IS BEFORE CHARGING , REMEMBER -- sparked , crackled and smoked . Hoping that this had n't permanently damaged my purchase , I charged the unit for a couple of days , following the instructions to the letter . The charge light came on -- alternately blinking and continuous for various periods of time -- and I thought I was OK , despite the fact that the % - charged indicator did n't work.When the unit had been charged for the required time , I tried it out by plugging in my coffee pot to brew a pot using power from the Xantrex . Nothing . No power . No coffee . I tried all of the plugins . The ALARM , however -- which is supposed to come on when the unit is low on charge -- DID come on . I unplugged the coffee pot and turned the unit off . The alarm STAYED ON . It continued to sound whether the unit was in the off position or in the on . It 's still sounding two weeks later from its home in the dumpster -LRB- the trash company guy was spooked and would n't haul it away -- I 'll probably have to pay someone who sells batteries to dispose of it properly -RRB- . I ca n't even send the thing back to get a refund . What parcel delivery service is going to accept a box that makes piercing alarm noises ? Nice racket .
 BOUGHT THIS AND ONLY USED IT TWICE . I FIRST TRIED TO PLUG MY LAPTOP INTO IT WHILE DEER HUNTING AND IT WOULD ONLY LAST AN HOUR . SHOULD HAVE RETURNED IT THEN , BUT LIKE A FOOL , I KEPT IT . SINCE THEN IT HAS BEEN PLUGGED IN JUST WAITING TO BE USED AGAIN . AS THE RUMORS GET HOTTER FOR AN EMP ATTACK FROM IRAN , I HAVE BEEN GETTING THINGS IN ORDER JUST IN CASE THIS EVENT SHOULD HAPPEN . SO , I TOOK THE POWERPACK AND ONCE AGAIN HAD NO LUCK WITH IT EXCEPT ONE THING ; THE LIGHT WILL WORK FOR A LONG TIME PLUS THE RADIO WORKS BUT THAT 'S IT . CONTACTED SELLER TO TO IF HE -LRB- GENE -RRB- HAD ANY RECOMMENDATIONS BUT NO REPLY BACK . I CAN THINK OF OTHER THINGS I WOULD RATHER WASTE MY MONEY ON LIKE THINGS THAT WORK . WITH THAT SAID-BUYER BEWARE !
 The item indicates free shipping but when you try to check out , that option is not available and attempts to charge 55 dollars -LRB- Alaska -RRB- . So do n't use one click checkout unless you do n't mind paying shipping .
 Kinda odd that the sales price is almost half what other resellers are charging , and that a search on Nextag says its a refurb .
 From the way it looks and all the features it promises , the Xantrex Powerpack 600 appears to be a well thought-out design . However looks and features can be deceiving ! My Powerpack lasted less than nine months from the day of purchase . It became completely dead and there was no way to recharge the battery after a couple of initial uses . I had bought many items on Amazon before but I had never been disappointed until I bought this Xantrex PowerPack . Sadly , it was a big waste of money .
 Wo n't hold a charge , out of warranty and I was put on infinite hold when I called in . Will never buy a Duracell/xantrex/Schneider product again - this is an incredibly expensive boat anchor now .
 In March , 2012 I purchased A Xantrex 600 Powerpack that is discontinued and I was not told that it was so . Finding parts is nearly impossible !
 I charged this battery for 2 days when first I bought it and tested it with a few small items ... like the night light and small electronics . It worked !! I put the battery in my car for a road emergency . 3 weeks later when I need to jumpstart a friend 's car , it did not have the power . I checked the power and it was zero . I went home and charged it until it showed 100 % . 2 Days later , I checked the power and it was zero.NOW the battery would not recharge . The power was at 0 level but I could turn on the radio and emergency light so I turned them on to drain the power hoping I could recharge the battery . 5 days later the light and radio stopped and it still would not recharge.I passed the 30-day return policy so I could not return it back ! THIS IS A PIECE OF JUNK !!
 On the first of these units I ordered , the display for the clock/radio unit did n't work . I returned it and Amazon sent me another one . On the second unit I received , the power meter was broken . It would display 0 watts no matter what was plugged into the inverter . The display function button also would n't toggle the display , so the battery charge % never showed . I am currently waiting for my third unit to arrive.Why did Amazon even start selling this lousy product ? The quality control over at Xantrex is clearly dismal , if not nonexistant . One bad product I can believe was a slip-up , but two in a row suggests that their manufacturing process needs to be reexamined.Save yourself a headache and buy a power pack from a different manufacturer .
 Bought this for the occasional power cut and for the hurricane season . Worked well initially but the ac adapter failed within one month . It was replaced under the warranty but the second ac adapter has also failed . This units is just not the quality I was expecting . . huge disappointment.Gave in and bought another Ac adapter outside the warranty period so ended up throwing good money after bad , since the item lit up and appeared to be charging , but still will not work after 24 hours of charging !!! No more Xantrex for me ...
 I had the Xantrex Powersource 1800 and it worked ok for 6 months then would n't charge so I returned it . I decided I needed a battery backup so I purchased the Xantrex Powerpack 600 and just out of the box it would n't charge or light up the LED light indicating it was trying to charge . I thought it might be the power cord so I got a new power cord and it still would n't charge . I starting to feel that Xantrex does n't Test their products before they distribute them . I would rate it zero stars but one star is for Amazon and their return policy .
 They are not custom . They do n't have the custome fit holes like the factory ones have . Do n't waste the money . You can the same ones at Walmart for 39.99
 Xantrex Technologies XPower Pocket Mobile Power Source 175-Watt Inverter # 813-0291I used this product for about 10 days and then it stopped working , it would overheat and making a high pitched beeping noise with no power output . I would invest in a higher quality inverter , I wish I never wasted my money .
 The product has a USB port but it is not compatible with my Motorola phone , the phone says unauthorized power supply and disconnects.Works with ipods but I think the Motorola expects a `` smart '' usb port it can talk to and this must not be one .
 The delivered product was different from the product listed on this page
 Xantrex Technologies XPower Pocket Mobile Power Source 175-Watt Inverter # 813-0291It totally pooped out and failed after only a few months occasional use . It worked fairly well on some things like 85 watt curling iron and cellphone charger . It would recharge the laptop but struggled to power the laptop if the laptop battery was low . This despite the very low power demand rating on the laptop.Recently on a long trip it just would n't work any more . We looked it over , tried a different cord on it , and it would n't respond . Forgetting it had a one year warranty and having no room for dysfunctional stuff , we tossed it in the trash . Rats!We are shopping for a 400 or 500 watt inverter now . This one was marginal for our laptop and we need to be able to count on the inverter for the things we need it for . I would n't recommend this tiny device .
 I was excited to be able to plug everything in without a car adapter ... but this stopped working within a month of buying it . I had a close look at it and some of the wires were n't connected all the way , as if they 'd been yanked out or -LRB- as I 'm sure is the case -RRB- never assembled correctly to begin with . At the same time as I say do n't buy it , I 'm not sure which one * is * good because I never tried a different one .
 Please be ware , that this inverter does not have the airplane plug . No bag either . The inverter 's size is small . This product does not match the user manual . The user manual might be an old version . I gave it one star since I need it with a airplane plug .
 i did n't get to use this product because i never recieved it in time for the deadline needed . the return policy is horrible and they charge a restocking fee -LRB- even though my item was unopened -RRB- so do n't buy anything unless you are absolutely sure you need the exact item .
 Xantrex is a leader in the inverter field so I was very surprised when this product failed almost immediately . I returned it to Amazon for a prompt refund and bought one from Jensen , which has worked perfectly .
 THIS IS NOT A CUSTOME FIT FLOORMAT . THE COLOR GRAY IS NOT THE SAME SADE OF GRAY AS VOLVO , THE HOLES THAT SNAP INTO THE FLOOR ARE NOT THERE LIKE PICTURED . THESE ARE THE SAME UNIVERSAL FLOORMATS YOU BUY AT WALMART FOR 25.99 . SINCE THEY DIDNT HAVE THE HOLES TO SNAP IN I JUST LAYED THEM DOWN BUT THEY SLIDE ON CARPET WHEN DRIVING SINCE THEY CANT BE SNAPPED IN LIKE THE CUSTOME ONES THAT COME WITH A CAR NEW . DONT BUY
 Does not fit 1999 Miata as described , can not close the gas lid without damaging it , the flange on the cap is too tall ?
 Despite entering my vehicle info for a 2006 Chevrolet Silverado , this gas cap does not fit my truck . In order to return the item , the I wold need to pay about half the price of the item purchased so I am stuck with a gas cap I can not use .
 I bought this to replace my original fuel cap to eliminate check engine issue . However , this fuel cap did n't help and the error codes re-appeared . I bought another fuel cap from Napa and that solved the problem !
 Before I ordered this cap , I checked twice times to make sure it would fit my 2006 Ford Escape . Got the cap quickly , but there was no packing slip or paperwork of any kind in the box . Put it on the Escape and it worked ok for a few miles . Then , the gas cap light came on and stayed on ! After that , the check engine light came on and stayed on . My husband tossed the box in the trash before I could get the info off of it . We are going to replace it with another one that will work , probably from the Ford dealer . Very disappointed !
 I ordered this because the Amazon website said it would fit on my 2002 Toyota Camry , but it did not , so I returened it . Return process was smooth as a baby 's butt ! Awesome return process Amazon !
 Not all parts were there for me to know if I liked it or not so a one star is all I can give .
 The product is not what was advertised . It says that it was to have a battery charger and it does not . I bought it because it was to have and found that the cheeper one that they have is the model that has the charger not this one . My bad I guess should have went to the manufacture 's web site and checked before I bought . just very disappointed that it was advertised wrong .
 The breakaway system came with no charger . I purchased the charger from eBay because it is easier than trying to return the item . Will think twice about using Amazon in the future !
 I have a full size sedan and this windshield cover was too small . It also tended to &#34; ride up &#34; the window and not keep the wipers covered .
 I dont care for this item . I would rather scrape the windshield off . The elastic is to short to hook onto anything . I bought two and they are going in with our rummage sale items , to be sold or given away .
 This may have been fantastic at preventing ice and snow from building up on my windshield , but I will never know since it blew away the first night I had it and is gone without a trace . I attached it pretty securely and it was n't even that windy . Oh well , only $ 8 , you get what you pay for and it was worth a shot .
 I purchased this to replace the very stylish slab of cardboard that I was using . Frankly , cardboard works much better . Alone , this unit is difficult to install in the wind . I 've shared a few curse words with it while wrestling in the cold .
 I purchased two screens , one for each car , and I am very sorry for wasting my money.The elastic broke the first time I tried to attach it to the windshield . It was not worth the money I paid for it for sure . Perhaps this summer it might be draped across the dash INSIDE the car ... just so I get some `` bang for my buck '' . I am very disappointed .
 I tried this a few times and it was useless . The cover did not fit snug on the windshield no mater what I did to make it snug . The wind blew it up away for the windshield.Harry O
 The screen is about 2 &#34; to 3 &#34; inches too short from top to bottom to fit windshield of my subcompact car . Consequently , it defetas the purpose of protecting the windshield from frost and snow . Skimping on material in this area defeats the purpose of a good concept . Recommend you measure your windshield before buying !
 Very lightweight , strap came off after 1 week of use . Was unable to assess if it would protect the windshield frost and snow . In short , I got what I paid for .
 That 's all it has on the plus side.This thing is useless
 I put it on the front window for the first time . It was snowing and windy ... after 5 minutes it was damaged and was blowing in the wind like a flag ... I ca n't recommend it !!!
 This product broke on the first use . One of the straps ripped off and the cover was flapping on one side of my car in the morning .
 Within a week the box was cracked , now the solder points have come apart . I am NOT a fan . If I had to guess without looking its MADE IN CHINA !
 I 've had this gas cap for less than 6 months . During a road trip , I had let the gas level get much lower than usual -LRB- running on fumes -RRB- and when I stopped , this gas cap would not open . The clicking mechanism spun in both directions so that it could not be removed . We were at a gas station on the highway , so I was looking at a long expensive tow to a garage . I was able to force it open finally , using pliers and all the strength in my fingers . I put the OEM cap back on as soon as I got home.In addition , even before it failed , it sealed too tightly . My wife was often unable to open it without the use of a gas cap opener tool that we had to buy for an additional $ 20 to keep her from getting stranded . The two problems are probably related - either bad design or shoddy materials.This cap was a complete waste of money . I bought this cap to remedy the check engine light issue that supposedly results from a gas cap that has lost its seal , but the solution created a new , more serious problem . At least the other one opened every time . Unfortunately , it seems that Stant is the only game in town for after-market gas caps anymore , so I guess it 's back to the dealer for a high-dollar cap that I can remove whenever I want.I 'm just glad my wife was n't alone when this happened .
 THe hard case broke with in 10 days with out any dammage . I would not buy even fro free . Waste of my time and money .
 I knew this was n't exactly OEM quality , but it should have lasted a year or two ! Better luck in the junk yard I suppose !
 My only complaint -LRB- and it 's a big one -RRB- is that the graphic of a cigarette is not painted white as indicated in the photo .
 I thought all of these were a standard size , but apparently not because it does not fit in my Jeep Commander . So it may work fine in other vehicles , you 'd have to take a chance and find out .
 The ground connector broke off immediately while connecting a ground connector . Returned and bought a replacement from local parts store for comparable price .
 From my research online , the Walker 40002 product is 1-1/2 I.D. 1-5/8 O.D. but this product does n't indicate the length of the pipe . I can only assume that it is 26 ' long -LRB- ~ $ 2.49 -RRB- for foot . In order for customers to purchase items from your business , we need more detailed information .
 How can they expect you to buy something when they do n't give you any information ? I googled 2 '' flexible exhaust tubing and this came up on the search.I assume the 25 in the description means 25 feet long , but it does n't say . What is the diameter ? It does n't say , just buy it and hope it fits . Thanks for wasting my time , I 'll keep looking .
 Incorrect listing indicated it would fit my car , it does NOT . If your Volvo S-60 is equipped with the `` cabin filtration system -LRB- has a button for `` Auto-Manual '' settings on the HVAC -RRB- '' , then this is the WRONG filter and will not begin to fit . You will need the filter with the `` charcoal '' which has different dimensions .
 I rate this item one star , but only because there is no -5 on this . The item shown on here is not even close to what you receive , you do not get a scoop like shown . All you get is a tube with an opening at the bottom , you can go to autozone and make one yourself for $ 20 ; instead it costs over $ 130 .
 This was easy to install and worked great for about 8 months . Then is started causing electrical problems with my turn signals . I should n't have to replace this every 8 months so I will be trying the Curt brand to see if it will last longer .
 What they fail to outline in the specifications is that if you do n't have the factory installed connector underneath this gizmo will not be able to hook up . Your truck may have a towing package but not this connector , and I am not talking about the four way pin connector , but a multi-pin connector . I bought this for nothing .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I had it take it apart and reconnect one of the wires because one strand was crossing over to another terminal . The issue was the left turn signal circuit was overlapped with the brake , causing the brakes to engage when the left turn signal was applied ! Once I took it apart , I realized what was happening . Poor assembly workmanship on Hopkins Towing 's part , although once fixed , it works great .
 I received this adaptor in OEM packaging , but it was certainly not OEM . The female 7-way RV plug was attached through the male 6-way plug correctly , but the wires were haphazardly wrapped in a fabric-style tape . My 7-year old could have done a better taping job . For OEM , I would have expected a solid coated set of wires between the connectors .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I 'm in Chicago , I take this to two shops around the house and I get informed that this piece will not pass the Emissions Test . At this point I 'm really mad ! Well I end up buying another one for my specific truck and the problem was solved . Before you buy , make sure you will pass the E.T. wherever you are living . BUYER BEWARE ! -LRB- ps . this piece does fit my truck and the amazon did help me pick it out , the problem was the Chicago regulations -RRB-
 i tried it on my 99 ford taurus . i flushed the system and refilled with k & w block seal and water . i even took the thermostat out so it could circulate better . i let it sit for 24 hours to dry and refilled with coolant . symptoms came back the same day . what a waste of time and money . these stop leak products should be better regulated . how can they get away with using the words '' repairs gaskets permanently '' on their can ?
 Cheap mud flap , made of low-grade plastic . It may fit on Subaru Forester if you are willing to put in some works to modify it . The brochure comes with the shipping box indicates that this mud flap was made for hundred of cars.It does not deserve even one star . I returned it immediately once I know what I got .
 They are liar . Before I bought it , it said it fit my car -LRB- 2001 Nissan Quest -RRB- . I wanted to put it on yesterday and it did n't fit . I was going to complain but they changed the system and said the product did n't fit my car . =-LRB- Upset face , got trapped .
 Ten years ago , I had a red top , that was one of the best automotive batteries I 've ever owned . This experience turned that opinion on it 's head.I think it 's ever since Johnsons Controls purchased them , but these are now made in mexico , and are complete and utter junk . If any of them are any good , the quality control is horrible . The first one lasted about 9 months , the replacement lasted about 2 months.On top of that , amazon gave me the runaround about honoring the warrantee the first time -LRB- no problem at all the second time -RRB- . I can not recommend that anyone buy this product . Buy another brand from a local battery dealer .
 I bought this battery based on some of the photo 's on Amazon -LRB- I have a custom application so the model # was irrelevant -RRB- One of the pictures show this battery with top and side connection posts . When the battery arrived there were no side posts . Because batteries are considered hazardous material I cant return the item ... Should have research the model # off Amazom before I pulled the trigger .
 Bought one for my 04 GTO , it lasted about a year and then died , sits on the charger and wo n't go above 10.5 volts . I expected better .
 Below is a copy of the email I got from Optima regarding a battery purchased from Amazon.So be aware the the money you are thinking you are saving maybe costing you big time . You should also know that for marine batteries Otima is strongly reccomending the use of there $ 200 charger to keep them charged properly.Hello John , Amazon.com is not an authorize online OPTIMA retailer , We do not know where they acquire the OPTIMA batteries nor does Amazon.com honor the OPTIMA warranty .
 I 'm a huge fan of Amazon.com , however there shipping methods have proven to not be so great . Today things were taken to another level , when an Optima battery I purchased from them started leaking out bubbling battery acid when I began to charge it to prepare it for installation . Thank goodness this happened on the floor of the shop and not in the car . Their idea of properly shipping a battery involves slapping a shipping label on the side of it . Zero packaging , no box , nothing . After calling Optima they told me that this has happened before with Amazon . I called Amazon and they promptly issued me a full refund but that still left me with no battery . I needed a model 25 redtop and after calling around a bit on the forth call I located a 25/75 model that would do the trick . Completed the installation with the new battery and it works like a charm.Great battery , just do n't order it from Amazon .
 Do not buy an Optima Battery , ever , I can not stress this enough . The battery was working fine for about four months and then suddenly it would not hold a charge . Thinking it was the alternator -LRB- it could n't be the battery , its brand new after all -RRB- , my shop tested the alternator , starter , and battery . The alternator and starter came back as working just fine . The battery on the other hand came back bad . As the battery comes with a 36 month warranty I contacted Optima to try and resolve the issue . NOTE
 Optima battery is garbage . . mine failed in 2 years and optima wont honor warranty because I bought it from amazon .
 This battery was easy to install for my 2006 Lexus IS250 . The reason why I 'm giving it one star is that it is now dying and I bought the battery back on December 31 , 2010 . A battery that lasts for less than 2 years ?! My OEM battery lasted me 5 !
 Battery went dead after 1 year . Amazon will not give refund after 1 year . Do your self a favor , go to your local autoparts store and buy a battery , most of them have 3 year free replacement warranty for half the price . Buy at your own risk .
 I bought this thinking it would be more reliable that making one myself . Not the case unfortunately . The 12V and brake lead were swapped -LRB- potentially dangerous -RRB- . The left break and tail lights were not connected , leaving ground and right brake connected correctly . The quality of the parts is fine but it was assembled by someone that does n't care and Hopkins appear to have zero quality control . If you do buy this check and fix the connections before attaching it to the vehicle and it should be fine .
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 Instal went great ... worked awesome 4 times and then snap !! The piece in the tailgate snapped off ... and I cant get to it .
 Hopkins EASYLIFT Tailgate EasyliftMy easylif broke after approx 11 months . I read some of the customer reviews and learned that I am not the only one that has experienced this issue . The reason for my submitting this review is to inform others of the outstanding response I received from customer service . They are shipping me a new item and have provided me with a return shipping label for the broken item . GREAT SERVICE !!!
 Bought this item for my dodge pick - up . . after I installed it . I opened my tailgate for the first time to try it out and the spring bar snapped it two pices just missing hitting my face ... Its not worth the chance of safety . . it is a spring bar with a lot of tention . could be very dangerous ...
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 Ordered this item and have waited and waited for the order to arrive.The shipping detail said we would receive it by Jan. 20th and here it is the 26th . I have contacted the seller two times by email -LRB- no answer -RRB- and once by phone . I got their answering machine and left a message as it said they would call right back . Well , once again , no response from seller . I would NOT recomend this seller to anyone . '' Recently now , the seller contacted me 3 days ago and said he would refund my money in 2 to 4 hours . It has been 3 days now and no refund . I have tried contacting this seller 7 times now . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER .
 Ordered front and rear set of these mudflaps . The front set arrived first , but without the tool kit , which included screws necessary to install . I called WeatherTech and the lady seemed very reluctant to help me . After telling her I would send them back and get a different brand , she agreed to `` this time only I will send the tool kit . '' Like I planned to call every week for a tool kit . She said 7-10 days to receive . I 'll follow up upon receipt and adjust the rating , if applicable . I already know that the flap is 9 inches wide -LRB- info I could not get from WeatherTech , nor would they tell me how far down they hung -RRB- and my tires are 11 inches wide . I chose these because I did not want to drill into the metal.Update
 Where there are a number of fittings here , I still did n't have everything I needed to use a generic r12 manifold set on my factory installed R12 vehicle !
 I bought one that turned out to be Missing the white/ground wire to the 4 flat connectors . -LSB- ... -RSB- Be sure to check your connector before purchasing . I called 2 different store and the connectors they had in stock were the same as mine . Not as they shopuld be or as shown on Hopkins ' websiteI rated one star . I would rate it 5 stars if it was properly made .
 The listing picture is not representative of the product . It is made out of hard plastic , and it is thick . The result is that it extends into the wheel well by about an inch!Because of the photo , I was expecting something that fits tight against the back of the wheel well and wraps around the body a little bit . I was surprised to see that this mounts against the back of the well but extends so far into the wheel well .
 I thought these looked like decent rock guards . I 'll probably give these away if anyone will even take them . I 'll be buying something off the self from a department or auto parts store for less money that will be more durable .
 I purchased a set of Nology wires a while back . Worked great for about 2 months . more power , better gas milage , etc. then the capacitor in one of the wires went out . I do n't know which wire , but one of the cylinders stopped working . I sent back all four wires to Nology for them to check out . They sent them back with the explanation that a metal connector was loose . I put the wires back on my car and they worked great , ... for about two weeks . At a cost of $ 50 per wire I expected more . I have never had any spark plug wire fail except for Nology . You are better off trying Pulstar Pulse Plug . It has the capacitor in the plug itself . Nology wires look much `` cooler '' , but I would rather have performance over looks . Would you rather look at a pretty lady or be with a pretty lady ?
 They are not custom . They do n't have the custome fit holes like the factory ones have . Do n't waste the money . You can the same ones at Walmart for 39.99
 This set may have been just fine for another car , but I mis ordered and needed the four-piece set instead .
 I have been using my detector for at least a decade . Had to replace lousy batteries more than once . A major problem.But let things speak for themselves . Pour about an inch or less of cream -LRB- yes the fat from cows -RRB- into a glass.Lower the probe half way into the glass . Does cream contain methane gas . I think not . Cow flaps do . Try other liquids . Think gases are coming up your waste drains . place it just above a sink drain.This toy tool detects any and just about every vapor , mist , fog etc. . You can easily detect the Mercapton that natural gas is doped with with your olfactory senses -LRB- i.e nose -RRB- .
 It is not what I was looking for , for the following reasons :1 . The fabric is loose in the center because the upper pole is not bent enough at top which allows the center to sag .2 . The instructions are both incomplete and misleading.Overall , the adage `` You get what you paid for '' describes it .
 This product did not work out very well for me . The net was too tall for my truck -LRB- a GMC Sierra -RRB- , the netting did not seem to fit the frame very well and the instructions are pretty bad . It 's a good concept but not very well executed . I returned it .
 The net for the tailgate was not manufactured to the quality that I expected . When installed , the center portion of the net fit loosely between the upper and lower poles . This would have caused the net to flap excessively when driving at highway speeds . In addition , the net for the fabric is very thin reinforced vinyl . This material , however , does seem quite strong .
 It needs some work . The net is made out of pretty thin material and is always sliding to the sides . There 's no way to secure the net so no one steals it . The mounting hardware leaves much to be desired , it is loose and flops around .
 this product was light weight and vinly , I was disappointed in the look of this product and very cheap looking
 This product is very strange to install . The instructions are very unclear and you have to use your imagination a lot to get the job done
 Upon looking at this Products and its reviews i thought , hey , here is a product that will leave the `` Car dealership Shine '' that everyone is looking for on my tires !!!! Well ... Let me be the 1st real customer to review this product . I DO NOT work for this Du Pont company so i will be very honest . Let 's start by stating any real man who cleans ALL the grease from his tires knows that they look horrible after they dry . They tend to turn a little brownish at times , so you need a good product to restore that `` Shine '' . First time i used the tire shine , i was a dissapointed mainly for two reason :1 . The trigger for the bottle was defective . i got more T.S. on my hands than i did on the tires !!!!!!!! Ridiculous !!!! 2 . The product DID NOT meet my expectations , after spraying it on a Pirelli Tire rubbed all the excess off still didnt look as shiny as other products i have used in the past.Now , the reason why i mentioned a specific brand of tires is because i detail cars . so ... . i assumed it may have better results on a different tire , like Dunlop Goodyear ... NO !!!!!!!!!! i was wrong i tried on two more cars with negative results . I applied it to one of my top customers tires ... i had to do two coatings !!!!!!!!!! that means apply it twice . i was so dissapointed and upset . fortunately i had a back up plan . I had some Black Magic leftover i ended up using that . yea it slings off the tire when you drive but at least it HAD SOME DAMN SHINE TO IT !!!!!!!!!!!!! So please new customers stay away from product , its horrible it 's a shame , it did a better job moisturising my hands than it did providing a `` Wet '' look on the tires . and one more thing , i gave away the bottle it was 3/4 full , unlike many customers who give bad reviews and continue to use and buy the same item . i will never buy another item from Du Pont again !!!! well ... . i know i will at some point . But never again that T.S. .
 Amazon had this described as copper core , but I received graphite core TWICE . Nothing wrong with Accel , but Amazon did n't describe the wires correctly and sent the same wrong item the second time . I sent an elaborate explanation of the problem , but the issue was never addressed . It IS a jungle out there .
 Beware ! It is a wrong size -LRB- physical size -RRB- fuse . Does not fit my Sedona '06 even though the search tells it is -LRB- I plugged in year , make and model and the answer was `` This product fits your 2006 Kia Sedona '' -RRB- .
 This did not work for me . You could not see it from the outside , but my windshield was streaked along the path of the wiper blades to the extent that it always looked dirty from the inside . I used a 600 rpm cordless drill with a fully charged battery . I tried the first pad over much of the window for about 15 minutes . Rinsed and dried the windshield . No improvement noticed . I then used a second pad on a one foot area for 8-9 minutes . By now the battery was running down . I rinsed and dried the windshield . I could see no improvement anywhere . I quit trying .
 I was looking all over for some kind of product that would take off or minimize some scratches I had on my auto winshield and passenger window ... I purchased from Auto Barn thru Amazon.com ... I do a lot of shopping thru Amazon ... so I do n't hold them responsible ... when things do n't work out ... with another vendor ... NicSand Professional 5 minute Glass Surface Restorer ... It does not work that good ... I used all 6 pads that come in kit ... scratches still there ... the sratches are not deep at all ... I guess what I am trying to say ... `` Do n't believe everything U read ... oh well ... I do n't know about anything else in the market that will do the job !! I guess I will have to live with the Glass scratches ... unless I take the car to a Auto Glass shop . . to see if they can do something with it ... I am not going to replace the windshield or passenger window ... like I said I will live with it ... At first I was all excited ... Gee I found someting ... could n't wait to try it ... I did and here I am complaining about it ...
 Maybe it was just my application . I had a pitted winshield . I tried this product and followed directions . Absolutely no results . I understand the concept , but the product must only work in very limited and specific ways .
 We purchased two of this for our cars . Within 2 months , all the video remotes failed . Then the LEDs failed . Then the sensors failed . Then the video tranmissions failed . Beware of the carbon fiber look . They are not carbon fiber . Just cheap plastic , designed to look like carbon fiber . The remote 's fail so easily . Two of them also broke . This is not even handled by kids.You ca n't call the company for support . They will force you to call some retailer , which is next to imposisble to contact , and they charge a premium for replacing items even under warranty.The manufacturer do n't respect any warranty . They 're based in LA. . You try to contact them with e-mail and they just ignored us.We spend $ 800 + for both units and $ 200 installation charges of each of them . We could have just trashed $ 1000 into the waste basket.Don ' t be decieved by the cool look and hitech promises.The bad thing was that we put one of them on our most expensive/rare car and now we are forced to pull it out and trash it.Our Alarm installer , just warned us , saying the product is pretty flimsy and the components are not good . But we just took a chance on it and regret it.We just dont ' want others to make such mistake by it 's hitech looks .
 This bulbs produce a nice and great light , improve your visibility really . But too short life . My old Hella bulbs die 18 months old , this only take 5 months and are very expensive . -LRB- note
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 description detailed it would fit my Audi A-4 Avant but alas it did not , now I have to go through the annoying process of returning it and looking for the correct filter .
 This battery will not keep a charge even if there is a hard disconnect . I went with the yellow top for the deep cycle durability , but ended up with an inferior product . This whole line should be recalled as it is clearly defective . If you want a get battery from optima , stick with the red top . I am unsure if the blue tops have the same issue , but would be wary .
 Got the Yellow top for my van , thinking they are the best , and would last longer than my OEM did . 2 years . Well here I am 2 years later with a Top of the line battery , and it wo n't hold a charge . Could have spent 1/2 the money or less , and pobably would still have a pro-rated battery warranty , or even still a viable battery . Time to go back to Sears I guess ... Hope others have better luck ...
 Installed in my Chevy Impala in July of 2009 . Bought the special AGM charger for it . Had high hopes for it being a good , reliable battery . Started having trouble 6 months ago . Car checks out fine , the battery is dead . I should have bought another $ 60 battery instead of a $ 180 one . wasted $ 120 on a battery that is no better than a common lead/acid battery . Going with a battery with a longer , full replacement warranty next time .
 I completely agree w / most of the other reviews . Go to your local Sears , and buy the DieHard Platinums . They are the real deal .
 Optima so-called `` deep cycle '' batteries are at minimum a complete joke and at worst false advertising . I have had four of them now ... three of them failed to deep cycle and died completely . That 's a 75 % failure rate on a battery that is advertised and sold as being a `` deep cycle '' battery . At least two were covered by the `` warranty '' but one was n't so at a minimum I 'm out the $ 165 or whatever it cost . The Jeep shop I deal with was gracious enough to swap them out for some lead-acid batteries . I am still stuck with one of them in my other vehicle -LRB- can you say `` no confidence '' ? -RRB- . Needless to say I have zero confidence in Optima Yellow Top batteries ... they are the biggest scam in false advertising and marketing hype ... a deep-cycle battery is supposed to be able to be DEEP-CYCLED ... I have had three of them drained on me and DIE COMPLETELY ! They could not be brought back to life -LRB- even with the correct charger -RRB- . Lead-acids have served me far better ... there was one winter oh so long ago that I milked a lead-acid for four or five months by keeping it on a charger every day after running it in the cold weather ... the Optimas have left me stranded ... I had to have my Jeep towed to the shop as it could n't even be jumped ... I tried recharging the two dead Optimas with no luck . They 're not even useful as boat anchors as , because of the lead , they are considered hazardous waste . Unless you like being stranded and throwing away money and high blood pressure and headaches ... avoid Optima at all costs ! At a minimum ... if you use Optimas make sure you have AAA ... preferably premium .
 I PURCHASED 4 BLUE TOP MARINE OPTIMA BATTERY 17 MONTHS AGO AND THEY HAVE ALL FAILED PREMATURALY , INTERSTATE REFUSES TO WARRANTY THE BATTERIES DUE TO OVERHEATING EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE UNDER THIER 18 MONTH FREE REPLACMENT TIME PERIOD . BE AWARE THAT THERE MARINE OPTIMAS HAVE A MAJOR PROBLEM
 This is a great battery as long as you buy it from an authorized dealer . AMAZON is not and this voids the warranty !!! I have one that went bad just before the 3 year FREE replacement , which is very unusual with Optima batteries . The manufacturer wo n't honor warranty because Amazon is not an authorized distributor , they show a warranty link -LRB- bad advertizing -RRB- , If you contact Amazon they say it 's only good for 30 days . Terrible deal and have found it online for $ 20 cheaper , free shipping , and warrantied . Very disappointed with Amazon . BEWARE !!!
 The Sears DieHard Platinum -LRB- AGM -RRB- blows away the Optima Yellow Top . Not even close .930 CCA , 130 minute reserve , 4 year free replacement -LRB- 100 month pro rated warranty -RRB- . Drops in without adapters or extra parts . $ 189 every day price at Sears.Cranks faster , runs better , brighter lights , audio sonics improved , etc.Optima batteries are overrated , period . Hands down , the Sears DieHard Platinum is superior.Optima Yellow Top -LRB- 2 Stars -RRB- / Sears DieHard Platinum -LRB- 5 Stars -RRB- NO CONTEST .
 Optima yellow top batteries come with 3 year warranty , but not from Amazon . Amazon offers a 30 day guarantee , which is excellent , however car batteries do n't die in 30 days . I suggest you buy from a large national dealer.I also can not recommend Optima for a car . If you need a blue top for boat , go for it . The yellow top that I purchased had a failed cell at 18 months . Heat was cited as the cause . Next time I 'm going to save $ 80 and go with a lower cost brand at a local retailer.Here 's the warranty laungage from Optima . I called Optima and they said it must be a location of the original retailer and you must have the original receipt . `` Optima Batteries must be returned with the original receipt to the location where the battery was originally purchased for any warranty service . If you are unable to return the battery to the original purchasing location , you may call OPTIMA Batteries customer service at 888-8OPTIMA to assist you with the nearest service location . Many retail locations will only support our warranty policy if you purchase the battery from that location/chain . ''
 I first bought this battery because i liked the idea of the deep cycle + I needed plenty of CCA . The first one failed in 2 years , around 24-25 months . I decided to replace it with the same battery , the new one failed in 15 months ! that 's 1 year ! I never even used the deep cycle ability on this new one . I 'm using it 's warranty , hopefully they wo n't give me a hassle.But , considering both batteries died in less than 25 months , I would not recommend this battery . My car , 02 Honda accord needs plenty of CCA to start and this one stopped providing it way too early . For the price , it is really not worth it .
 18 MONTHS AGO I BOUGHT A OPTIMA BATTERY FOR MY JAGUAR , A CAR THAT GETS VERY LIMITED USE.AFTER SITTING UNUSED FOR SEVERAL MONTHS , IT DID NOT HAVE ENOUGH POWER TO START THE CAR.LAST MONTH I TRIED TO RETURN IT TO AUTO ZONE , BUT THEY COULD ` NT ADJUST IT UNDER WARRANTY , IT HAD TO BE RETURNED TO OPTIMA FOR REPLACEMENT UNDER WARRANTY , WHICH TOOK 2 WEEKS .
 PRICE was ... April 26 ... 186.76 Today it 's Saturday , August 11 , 2012 $ 215.00 This price is way over what it 's worth.Commentary - The price of $ 162 -LRB- Yellow -RRB- or $ 139 -LRB- Red -RRB- was a bit high considering the two MAJOR problemsthe batteries have .1 . Amazon wo n't ` warranty ' it . If it 's gone bad Amazon says to contact Optima . Reviews show that Optima wo n't support any battery sold by Amazon . It 's the worst faux pasAn embarrassing or tactless act in a ... situation , that Amazon has ever made .2 . The batteries do n't ` really ' hold up that well . It 's surprising and from my research there 's no good reasons why they fail . But they do fail . Well go see 1 . when it happens.If for the price the batteries failed one out of 100 batteries and they failed after 5 years of hard work . . then there would n't be a thing to complain about.But that 's not the story.Before you buy it . . seriously consider why you 're buying it.Do you need to run your battery upside down . OK maybe you need it.Do you need to keep your pristine $ 100000.00 vehicle free from any kind of corrosion ? OK maybe it 's better than a wet cell battery . So consider it.Do you want to get the best value and CCA for the money.Don ' t buy this battery based on the reviews and how warranty is handled.Autozone -LRB- or a company called Auto something with a zone in its name -RRB- has excellent reputation and long warranty that 's NOT prorated for the first 2 or 3 years . For $ 100 you get more CCA and take my word for it : A WET cell battery IS going to give better results than a GEL CELL simply because the material is available for a reaction faster than a gelled acid.Will a Wet cell battery potentially cause corrosion . Yes but not if you simply rinse it off occasionally.Will a Wet cell battery allow you to run it upside down . No . The acid will leak out . So do n't do that . Why would you need to anyway.Will a wet cell battery give you better results than a AGM gelled battery . All things being equal - yes.There 's nothing special or magic about AGM or Gelled acids . The reason for them is 2 fold .1 . For lazy and ignorant battery ` caretakers ' who wo n't look at their battery ever . If that 's you maybe you need a gelled cell battery . If you plan to open the hood and rinse off the battery andoccasionally check the water level especially when it 's 109F outside then buy the wet cell .2 . For you who have the cash and your friends say , `` whooo ' when you open your hood . Buy the gelled battery . I wo n't ` Whooo ' you but you do n't care about me anyway right . . That 's it.In this market place the fact that the price of the Yellow battery is up $ 60 since last year is , in this market , a good indicator of what they 're really selling . An image.Really . . it 's not fun giving a bad review . If Optima and Amazon ` fixed ' their warranty relationship itwould be harder to complain about.Also there 's no good reason for failed batteries . For the price Optima could make them bigger and thatmight make them last longer . Materials costs have dropped since 2011 - 2012 for lead which is what is in the battery . Do n't believe me . Here 's the referenced information -LSB- ... -RSB- Lead is 34 % lower in cost than it was a year ago . So why are prices higher . It 's because they ` renot selling a battery as much as an ` image ' of something you want . Wize up . or Wise up . Whatever youprefer . Just do it and stop buying junk.Companies will stop making junk when you stop buying it.Good luck .
 This product has been shipping with the wrong specs , even through the official specs from Beck-Arnley describe fitment correctly . It is the rear rotor for the NA version of the mk2 MR2 as well as the earliest turbo mk2 . Beware ordering it if time is tight due to the high potential for this error . I 've contacted Beck-Arnley and alerted them of this , and they acknowledged my findings . Besides Amazon , at least one other commonly used distributor also has shipped these wrong sets . It 's not the distributor 's fault directly , and Amazon did recredit me within their refund/return timeframe .
 They state it fits 3800 Series II engine but it is a tight fit . They do not sit well over the plugs and had one melt due to improper fit .
 OPENED THE BOX AND IT WAS NOT CARBON FIBER !!! IT WAS CLEAR !!! AMAZON NEEDS TO CHECK THEIR INVENTORY ON THIS!update *** 19-NOV-2010Amazon 's replacement was still the same . it 's not 3d carbon fiber . will return for a refund !!!
 This item matches `` what fits your car '' , but caused my car to hesitate , like it had too much/little air.I picked up new filters from the dealer yesterday ... and those were actually 1/4 '' longer ... and this fixed my problem .2009 4matic sport .
 I used this same number of Fram filter before for my Honda . But , When I checked this flter and the other -LRB- I bought 2 diffrent filters , the other one for Tocoma -RRB- . I noticed something is wrong on Fram filter . The filter itself looks the same , but if you looked inside the fitting , they sprayed the black paint inside the thread and sealing areas . How do I know if the paint is not spray inside the filter element ? I used magnifying glass to look inside , it seems it does have some black paint . I believe this is wrong , gasoline can melt the paint and cause injector clog up . When I looked at my old filter , both ends had no paint covering the fittings as well as in the thread area.Unless Fram can tell me I am wrong . I will advice reader a zero star for Fram gas filters !! -LRB- if there is zero -RRB- .
 I don ' y normally review things on this site , but after my experience with this junk , I hope I can save someone a headache . Do n't buy it . Plain and simple , I put this in because my old 02 sensors failed from a bad thermostat which cause the truck to run rich and foul the sensors , put these in and a week later threw both of these codes , checked the wiring , checked for an exhaust leak , nothing . finally , tried an acdelco o2 sensor . code has not come back on since . if anything i think the acdelco one is only $ 5 more , and is what came factory with most gmc vehicles . save time and hassle and just spend the extra money . believe me , its worth it .
 The oxygen sensor I purchased was not compatible with my vehicle engine although the ad claimed it was the correct one for my vehicle . So instead of replacing my own part and making the repair myself at a reasonable price , I ended up having to go to a Chevy dealer who determined the sensor was not correct one and had to pay $ 230.00 to have the correct sensor installed .
 Well after my left low beam head light burned out after 100,000 miles , I did some quick research . I decided to buy the Sylvania 9006 ST head light since I thought it was a descent product based on brightness and effective lighting . Unfortunately it only lasted about 20,000 miles . I properly installed it without touching the bulb or bumping anything . Just like playing a game of Operation . Although the bulb is bright and clear , I 'm very disappointed with it 's life performance . : -LRB-
 I read the reviews for this bulb , and on reading about the less-than-stellar life of the bulbs , ignored the advice to stay away because I assumed the life was shortened due to installer error -LRB- touching the bulb , bumping it during install -RRB- . Well , my first pair of bulbs lasted 4 months , and I did not touch the bulbs -LRB- only the plastic base connector -RRB- nor did I bump them against anything while installing . I even wore clean , plastic gloves to prevent any accidental contact . After the first bulb burned out , the other one burned out within a week . Luckily , my order for another pair of bulbs had arrived . Amazon was running a great sale on these bulbs so I decided to give them another shot . We 'll see how long this pair lasts.Just for comparison
 First and foremost , I am a Mechanical Engineering Student , with that being said , I know a thing or two about Mechanical Design and associated applications . I First want to say that in Industry , nothing is perfect , i am aware of this , but tolerance is key . This part is completely out of spec , The drilled holes for the wheel studs are 0.120 '' larger than the original hub that came with my car ; typically holes have a tolerance of + / - 0.005 '' ; Unacceptable . I went through 20 different wheel studs at my local auto parts store only to find 8 good enough to fit ... barely -LRB- M12 1.25 , 12.36 mm Knurl -RRB- . The inner hub had to be heavily modified to fit within a bolt circle of my brake backing plate , this Beck Arnley hub was 0.230 '' larger than my original hub ; Unacceptable . After jumping through all these hoops to finally get the darn thing to fit , all that there is to do left to torque down the spindle nut . Spec for my vehicle is 129 ft-lbs , at 60 ft-lbs , the hub barely budges as if the brake pedal is pushed , from what i presume seeing how i cant look inside the drum , is that the bearing is interfering with the clearance , my best guess is that the bearing slot is not deep enough ; Unacceptable . Well folks , I 'm up a creek without A paddle . The two drums that i have purchased are already painted and modified , with that being said the likelihood of me getting a return is slim.The bearings I 've also purchased from Beck Arnley seem to be junk as well . I should also note that the part looks nothing like the photograph . Do n't waste your money on this foreign made piece of crap .1993 Geo Metro Lsi
 I found that this style of suction cup is not strong enough to pull dents.The ones with the swiveling handles or the screws have more power than this.When I used this style , the suction cup would just come off before the dent came out.Yes this style costs less but it 's a waste of money if it does n't work . Spend a little more to get one that is more powerful and will have a better chance of working .
 this suction cup did not work at all i was very disappointeda waste of money on the dent i was using it for i put the suction cup on it and started pulling but the dent didnt go any where you could tell that it was tryna work but it didnt
 I tried this product -LRB- because it was cheap -RRB- on a small dent on my new Altima . This dent was a result of some bozo banging against my door in a parking lot and then scampering . Anyway , the suction cup is completely useless , however many times you try to suck the dent out . It has suction but nowhere strong enough to pull a metal dent out . Also , they sent my a cup that looked much used and abused , as against the shiny picture they put on Amazon 's website . Do n't waste your money .
 This thing did n't do anything . I had two small dents in my car and neither were affected by it . At least it did n't chip my paint or anything !
 It did n't work at all , the suction cup is too big , and it can only get suction on a flat surface . It probably wo n't do anything for dents smaller than a softball .
 The blue tint made these bulbs dangerously dim on my 2003 BMW 530i . Do n't know if it was the bulbs or my lamps . But I changed them out to the Silverstar Ultra by Sylvania and they are much better !
 The headlights did not have that cool `` blue '' look I was hoping for . They lasted exactly 1 year . I do n't know how long these bulbs are rated for , but my original bulbs lasted 8 years .
 i do n't know what to sayjust rihter then oembut it 's not that white
 I was in a rush , and bought based on the picture ... and the word `` crowbar . '' But the lens shipped is not the one in the picture . And will not fit in my crowbar goggles . So I returned . But they did ship quickly , and the lens looked fine . Just the wrong one .
 These valve cover bolts are a really nice design but I bought this set to match a 5 inch set that I have and these are advertised to be 5 inches long when in fact they are only 4 inches long and do not match my 5 inch bolts . I had to return them and I am still searching for the 5 inch ones to match the ones I have .
 Very poor fit . I had to go to the hardware store to make my own mounting bolt that would work . Not worth it . Stay with the stock foam one .
 The photo does not match the product because of that I had to buy two stone guards instead of one which was what I really needed . Besides this mistake the product is OK and matched the original grills .
 Your 7 series key does not fit on this chain !!!!! It is too wide and the opening is too small .
 Well isnt the # 1 job of a BMW key chain to fit a BMW keyfob ? The slot in the keyfob is too small to insert the ring into it . You have to get a second smaller ring and attach that to to the keychain ring . Otherwise the keychain looks nice and is made with quality .
 the previous review is correct . This does not fit the key . very hard to find a key chain that works !!!
 Even though it 's said to be compatible with Mitsubishi 's original heater core part # , it 's actually half the size or less ; worse yet , you ca n't connect to the original pipes!Seems like someone typed wrong part numbers or intentionally made it under bad faith ...
 These made my T5 run awful . BAD MPG and idle . Switched back to OEM coppers and it ran like a champ over 25 mpg again .
 The heat is far to weak to melt snow or ice . Besides that , the quality of assembly is very cheap . This device is wasted money .
 This may be a large but it is too long from side to side , not wide enough from top to bottom , and is the flimsiest window shade I have ever purchased .
 These bags were just awkward . Did n't really fit onto my luggage rack very well . I 've tried every configuration of bungees and straps I could think of and it still did n't tighten down like I wanted it to and it would have been a pain in the tookus to get off to take in somewhere . I ended up with a leather messenger bag from the big named dealer where we bought the bike and it was perfect . Rediculously expensive , but perfect .
 A complete waste of my money . This product is made from a material -LRB- I 'm guessing some type of nylon -RRB- that is slipperier than ice . I bought it for the same reason as the previous review , to fix a snowblower that would take hours to disassemble and install a normal belt.I guess that would be a miss-application of the product , but I fail to see how a belt so slippery would be of any use to a stranded motorist . I bought this because it was cheaper than other products out there for the same purpose . Now I know why.Live and learn I guess ...
 I took my family 's advice to go and shop on Amazon.com for the things I need everyday and am very disappointed . The shade is of cheaper material than dollar store napkins and half the size of my compact car 's windshield . I will never buy from this buyer again .
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 I have owned this helmet for about 2 years now and it has done its job perfectly well . It 's comfortable , sturdy , and well crafted for its price . I am rating this helmet a one only because I ca n't give it a zero . The clear plastic visor has scratched up over the years of bugs , rocks , and drops which is on par with usual helmet wear . However there is no replacement visor available rendering the helmet useless to me . If you think you are saving money by buying this helmet think again . Now I am stuck buying a new helmet instead of a 12 dollar replacement visor . Get a name brand instead .
 I have this raider helmet and I 'd have to say the same thing as the last review . I needed a helmet and went for a cheap one . It felt like it . If you are n't going to use it that much , then you can probably get away with it . But I would go for an HJC or a shoei helmet . I just purchased an HJC helmet and it feels so much better . You get what you pay for .
 I cant believe Colman would put it 's name on junk like this . Even if it actuly worked it woulde n't be worth $ 4.95 . I thought I felt some heat when I first turned it on but it was hard to tell . After 2 min . no heat at all . It went out with todays garbage .
 I purchased the Coleman Ceramic Heater due to a problem with my car which does n't allow us to use the heat or defrost . I was very disappointed when I plugged in the product and no heat was given off at all , just a weak stream of cool air . I figured initially that the car must need to be warmed up but unfortunately , the heat was not affected by the engine warming up at all . Neither levels of airflow produced heat . I suppose there is a chance that we received a faulty product or there was a problem with our cigarette lighter -LRB- although it definitely had power -RRB- . I hope you have a better experience with this product . I was pleased with the speed in which AutoBarn returned our money , even if we did lose a good portion of the return for shipping costs .
 I also ca n't beleive Coleman would put out something like this . Blows cold air and now I will lose out on my shipping cost because I beleived in the Colman name and have to send back . It does nothing !! Well , it does blow frosty air at you .
 Calling this thing a heater may fringe on false advertising . The only way to get heat out of this unit would be to light it on fire.Coleman , let this product die or fix it .
 All right -- there are two settings , one for fan -LRB- air only -RRB- and one for heat . I tried both . Results about the same . A tiny bit of heat on the `` heat '' setting -- enough to warm a toe or two.Back it goes . Coleman ? Do n't these folks know how to test their products anymore ? Just because it 's made in China does n't mean it works .
 One was fine and is still working great . The other one did n't even work for one month . : -LRB-
 Not a drop-in replacement . Needed to cut a piece of plastic flange to get it to fit . Overall it works and matches the original .
 Did n't stay put on the highway . I had a suction cup come loose and flap against my helmet for the rest of my commute . When I arrived , I pulled the rest of it off and shoved it into my saddlebag where it has remained .
 i did not order the green one i ordered a black one and a blue one
 I have owned this helmet for about 2 years now and it has done its job perfectly well . It 's comfortable , sturdy , and well crafted for its price . I am rating this helmet a one only because I ca n't give it a zero . The clear plastic visor has scratched up over the years of bugs , rocks , and drops which is on par with usual helmet wear . However there is no replacement visor available rendering the helmet useless to me . If you think you are saving money by buying this helmet think again . Now I am stuck buying a new helmet instead of a 12 dollar replacement visor . Get a name brand instead .
 I have this raider helmet and I 'd have to say the same thing as the last review . I needed a helmet and went for a cheap one . It felt like it . If you are n't going to use it that much , then you can probably get away with it . But I would go for an HJC or a shoei helmet . I just purchased an HJC helmet and it feels so much better . You get what you pay for .
 it look to me that it is the air filter I need and I ordered it.after getting it , it is not he same as the old ones . The old oneshave plastic wrap and it will tell the air flow direction without a question.This product will fit , but it took me a while to figure our how to put it in.should have ordered it at -LSB- ... -RSB- and they have youtube instructions and the price might be a few dollars more .
 Thought this would fit my 528 air filter and it did n't . Total waste of money for me , should have stuck with the dealership .
 there was no dream-catcher logo on these mats . I had to return them and it 's taking forever to get my money back .
 I bought this swaybar bushing kit for the front of my 07 FX2.All you get is the bushing for the front swaybar to frame.No greasable brackets.or endlinks.I guess I didnt read good enough .
 Picture shows bushings , brackets and end links , but all you get are the two bushings . Am i supposed to know when it says 34mm that this is all you get , I do n't think so . No way am I paying 38 dollars for 2 dollars worth of plastic . Get ready energy , cause it 's coming back !
 At the auto parts store I tried one of these connectors on my truck to make sure it would fit . My truck is new and the connector is clean and corrosion free . Removing the connector left the 7 blade inner part of the Hopkins connector in my truck 's connector . The outer housing with the big handles just pulled off the inner part . Upon inspection of the part you could see that it had broken and returned by a previous customer . Further inspection revealed the outer part with the big handles is held to the front electrical contacts with .15 inch diameter set screw . The one set screw thread is taped in the outer housing and sets in a radial direction into the plastic inner electrical contact housing . The 7 contacts create a lot of force to make a secure electrical contact . When you remove the connector from your vehicle the set screw connection between the outer housing with the big handles and the inner contact component is totally inadequate . I 'm looking for a better design then the Hopkins .
 This is made of thin , brittle plastic.The photo shows brass contacts , but the contacts are steel with a thin zinc coating . It rusts easily , unlike the higher quality connectors which use brass . Steel also has a conductivity about half that of brass , which would limit brake current , a possible safety issue.There is a three-year warranty , but the shipping is on me , and all I would get would be another one with the same deficiencies.have junked it and bought one with brass contacts . No corrosion problems , now .
 Housing cracked as soon as the set screw was tightened down , cheap plastic used in production . Wire hold down tabs very thin metal . I would spend a little extra money and get a quality one if I had to do it over .
 The hoses were very nicely constructed , but they did not have the proper 'D ' shaped connectors on the ends that attach to the front strut on my Porsche 964 . They will go in the retainer , but fit is loose . Not a good thing for a brake line to be loose in its retainer . They were not a direct OEM replacement due to that fact.I am returning the hose for credit .
 I bought this Insta Trunk to provide a space I could lock with my hiking gear after a hike in my 1990 Wrangler . The part which forms the secure space -LRB- the `` trunk '' -RRB- is too narrow and leaves 1/2 inch gaps on both sides of the `` trunk . '' Bestop includes 6 self-tapping screws to install the `` trunk '' but because the `` trunk is too narrow for my Wrangler , the screws just strip out . I found some longer screws in my toolbox and now have the `` trunk '' installed but the gaps on the sides will let water and dust in . Probably is n't that secure either . : -LRB-
 From everything I could see the right shock was in the box . I say this Since the shocks I received seem to be for a different vehicle . It is important to note my 2002 Ranger XLT 2WD is 100 percent stock with the factory wheels and tires . I also made a point of double checking the part number for my truck with KYB before ordering . Forst off the shocks arrived not in the typical manner from JYB of being strapped in a compressed condition . Trying to put a KYB gas shock in a vehicle fully extended is a special kind of hell . Once installed and the vehicle was lowered onto the ground I discovered the shock itself is to long . So once compressed and bolted into position they had no travel left and it was like driving around in a vehicle with no suspension at all . Also it is important to note that the bushings supplied with the shock that mounted up into the frame were of a poor design and did not hold the shock correctly into the frame . They reminded me of a product designed to cover several different models . This was not a feature I was looking for in a shock that is priced in the upper end range . Needless to say the shocks were removed and returned . If my application is what you are buying the shocks for I would reconsider my choice until KYB fixes the mistakes with this shock .
 Would n't buy again , keys do not remain on ring , the ring always swings open in pocket . Extremely annoying , I do n't believe dealerships sell this ring for that reason .
 VERY , VERY , VERY , Disappointing.I was very excited when i recieve the package , and it arrived within a couple of days.But when i opened the package i was very disappointed to see how very small it was !! I am usually not the complaing type of person , but this i had to comment on . The look is nice , but the size is just to small for the price.I purshased this key ring for my boyfriend as a X-MAS gift but i 'm not sure if i should even give it to him . I would not recommend this key ring to anyone ...
 Purchased these drums to replace the OEM drums on my Saturn Vue with 92000 miles . I put on the drums and I heard a ` ticking ' sound coming from the rear whether I applied the brakes or pulled the parking brake . I could also feel this with my foot when I applied the brake . I put my original drums on and the ` ticking ' stopped and has n't returned -LRB- going on second day -RRB- . Will try new Raybestos drums and hoping I have better luck .
 This product will not work if you 've use armorall to protect your trims in the past . I 've done all the instruction told me and it did n't work , that 's when I learned about once you use armorall , the result will not be as expected . Purchase with caution .
 Throughly cleaned Bumpers with lacquer thinner and then with alcohol . Bumpers looked GREAT for three -LRB- 3 -RRB- days , then Forever Black began to pop off . Certainly NOT woth the money & time involved !
 Everything seemed good . Good price , ease of delivery/order . Installation was simple . I choose to purchase a Delphi rather than AC Delco to save a few bucks . That was a real mistake . The Delphi part failed in less than a year . Now I have to replace the sensor . And you can bet it wo n't be Delphi !!!! But Amazon has performed as expected
 The picture shows a male and female hose fitting along with two hose clamps . Those are NOT included with the 1101 adapter that I received.You must have the two fittings to be able to cut your existing PowerBleeder hose then be able to use both your existing adapter and the universal adapter # 1101 . The PowerBleeder does n't have a compatible fitting that this will connect to !
 Air Compressor was defective out of the box . Could NOT extract 12 volt power cord from its retractable housing . After speaking to Amazon representative , I used as much force as I thought prudent to extract the cord and the insulation started shredding off the power cord . Also , the tire pressure guage is independent of the unit . It is simply a manual tire pressure guage that you twist out of its compartment and then press on your tire 's valve stem just like any other manual tire guage . This compressor is a major disappointment .
 This item caught fire and became completely useless the first time I needed it . Steer clear of this over priced piece of garbage .
 My wife brought one of these when we replaced our van a year and a half ago . Our previous van had a built-in compressor but the replacement did n't . She wanted a portable compressor to use in the replacement van . Twice now the cord has gotten jammed in the reel . I disassembled the compressor the first time only to find that you ca n't removed the reel to clear the jam . By firmly pulling on the cord , I got it to unwind both times , but the insulation was damaged the first time and I had to patch it . You need to pull the cord out completely and to smoothly rewind it in the right direction to prevent the cord from winding over it self . The compressor has not been idiot tested . Do n't buy it !!!!!!! Oh , Darcey is correct . The lower the SCFM , the longer it will take to fill a tire .
 Finally got the new seat covers and they did n't fit !! Doubled checked the order , all numbers and the picture is correct . Truck info is correct and seat covers are wrong !! It is a totally retarded design !! They send you one sheet of generic instructions that do n't apply to these seats and show no seatbelts at all . There is no way to put the covers on over the attached seatbelts even though the ordering picture shows them doing that . Even the fit around the console between seats not comprehensible -LRB- and cheap plastic material -RRB- . The design and instructions for these are worse than bad . Do not buy - they will not work !
 I was n't very pleased with this product overall . I was expecting some nice alluminum/metal wire separators and instead these are cheap plastic separators . Putting them on is n't the easiest because the bolt tries to fall out whenever you go to put them on . I did n't even bother to leave them on for this reason . I found a parts car and took some of the factory wire separators off of it for my 82 ' Supra .
 Look great and go on easy , but about a few days after i put them on most of them warped or melted from the valve cover heat which ironically is right where the spark plug wires go on most cars .
 The kit was for the previous model of jeep . I had to send it back and go to a local parts store to get the correct kit .
 Slime 22013 5-50 PSI Pencil Gauge with Bonus CapsThis gets the job done , however it is very poorly made . Not medal , it is plastic .
 I ordered two
 I really like the bright yellow , but it 's already wearing on the seat from my clothing . I do n't think it 's going to last long . It 's getting those wear bumps from my jeans and turning dark on the yellow . I wish I would of gotten black .
 Pile is not as deep as the original lexus product . Matting on back of one piece was falling away . Color was as represented.Would not buy this product again .
 I bought this shade and it has no support and constantly falls down out of the windshield . It was installed as per the directions , and always managed to fall from behind the visors that are flipped down to hold it in place . This was a nice item , just dose n't stay in place , I plan to return this item this week .
 Bought this shade for my wife and her 2007 Civic . The shade seems to be of high quality and keeps the sun off the dash -LRB- and the car cooler -RRB- when ... and I repeat WHEN it stays up . The shade reflects the sun well but is not sturdy enough to remain in-place -LRB- especially with the car 's sun visor down -RRB- . It simply wilts like a lettuce leaf and falls onto the dash.The truth be told the windscreen of the 2006 + Civic is very large , requiring a large sunshade but this shade will not retain it 's shape after repeated uses . I would recommend other possible solutions ...
 Not quite cut to fit . It is a tad long both ways and very hard to roll up while setting in the front seat . Best to stand outside to roll up . Otherwise a good product and expensive for what you get .
 I recieved these rotors and they were not AIMCO they were FAP automotive and Made in China . Yes , the price was decent , but I felt like I had been cheated .
 would have loved this item if it truly was universal , i have an 08 chevrolet hhr and it does not fit the seats well at all , will not stay in place .
 while the seat cover WAS cute . . it did not fit my seat properly . I have an 01 cougar . .
 Finally got the new seat covers and they did n't fit !! Doubled checked the order , all numbers and the picture is correct . Truck info is correct and seat covers are wrong !! It is a totally retarded design !! They send you one sheet of generic instructions that do n't apply to these seats and show no seatbelts at all . There is no way to put the covers on over the attached seatbelts even though the ordering picture shows them doing that . Even the fit around the console between seats not comprehensible -LRB- and cheap plastic material -RRB- . The design and instructions for these are worse than bad . Do not buy - they will not work !
 The Spectre product line is complete crap . All the air intake pieces are chromed PLASTIC garbage . I only reviewed it at 1 star b/c i do n't think 0 stars are an option . DO N'T BUY SPECTRE JUNK !
 Bought this for passenger seat of 2003 Ram 1500 . We like the lumbar support it provides , but hate it otherwise . It never stays put . Am constantly having to adjust to get in the seat and then once seated , having to adjust the cover back into place .
 I found the Ram seat cushion to work very well for intended use to help protect driver seat from extensive ware . It also works very well as a lent brush that is very hard to clean . the bottom seat section should be made from the easier to clean vinyl material . The upper portion with the Ram logo can remain as cloth material . I really do not want to have to take this debris partical magnet in once a week to vacuum and clean .
 I bought this for my boyfriends car and as it was being installed -LRB- by a professional -RRB- the cheap wire that connects from the fuse to the LED light tore . The wires are so thin that with any type of pressure the connection will be lost . I completely regret this buy and now the shifter is just sitting in a drawer lifeless ... do n't waste your money .
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!! the wiring is very thing and while having it installed the whole thing broke . Really bad quality of wires and not a very smart design , it is impossible to installed without damaging either your car or the wire itself . It might look nice but it is not worth it trust me !
 Did n't put this on I bought the wrong one and could n't use it so I sent it back . It did look a little difficult to put on it had a lot of wires with it .
 i never receive this item , i have 12 days whaiting for this product !! -LRB- PILOT MOTORSPORTS PM -155 B MANUAL SHIFT KNOB , MATTED SILVER FINISH w / blue led light
 It is almost 1in longer . I tried to install it in my Camry 2009 Base model , I gave up . It will not fit in the filter case . I think I waste my money and my time . Still they are saying it is match with Camry 2.4 L Engine !!!! No it is not . I am so angry . The model of filter is 33-2260 , it is not gon na fit , no way .
 Amazon sent a filter that does not fit my 2010 Honda CRV.The K&N ; filter that they sent me was much too large to fit in my Honda.I do n't understand this because when I ordered this filter Amazon asked me my make . model , year , etc?I was very excited when this came in the post . I thought I could be responsible and have a re-useable filter when I ordered this K&N ; filter and this was about 4 times more than the Honda OME filter I had to buy at the local Honda dealer because they sent me one that does not fit.Very disappointed.I hope Amazon will take this and the oil filter I got from them on return because they sent me both items that in no way is for my car .
 I got the filter in today , quick install but car wo n't start . Tried to start it 3 times but car kept trying to turn over to no avail . Called K&N and they suggested cleaning mass air flow sensor . Replaced the stock filter and started right away . K&N offered full refund or free replacement . Will update with final review when issue is resolved .
 I ordered an air filter for my 2004 Lexus RX330 . No matter which way I try to install it , it is too thick to fit in the air box .
 The description of this item says it fits my 2008 Camry but it does not actually . It is too long in length and too narrow in width . I can not install it into my car . When I want to replace it online , I found out it 's not possible and I have to pay $ 6.00 if I want to return it . I think Amazon sent me the wrong item to me and it is amazon that made the mistake . I can not find a way to contact the staff of amazon to illustrate my issue , which is really a bad customer experience .
 Item was sent and it took more than 2 weeks to receive , they claim it was custom made . The seat covers were n't even close to what I had . Even the head rest was the wrong shape . I wanted to return the item and then I got attitude from the seller . This was a gift for Christmas , they drug their feet getting back to me -LRB- AUTO BARN -RRB- on wanting it returned . For 150 bucks and wrong fit I think I should be able to return it . FINALLY they said I could , then make me do all this other ectra stuff , pay for shipping to return and then drag their feet on getting me my money back . FINALLY I get an email stating I can have my refund but they shorted me $ 10 dollars . That might not seem like alot but I paid for shipping BOTH ways and then they short me !
 These dividers are cheap and extemely hard to push the wires into . I have 8mm wires and I was afraid I was going to cut into them with these clips . I threw them away before I even got all of them on . Spend a few extra bucks and get good ones , like the MSD clips .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This was shipped so that it arrived out of shape . The dimensions were wrong
 The idea is really nice , but I wish the walls are longer and thicker . When I received it , once side was down and after months it 's still down . I could n't get the mold to go back in shape or to get the wall to stay up .
 Seems to be a cheap piece of lightweight plastic . This does not fit the Honda Fit as another reveiewer claimed . About a year ago purchased a similar sized mat from walmart for a comparable price that was much much better quality -LRB- actual rubber mat and not plasic -RRB- . Would have purchased another but our local Walmart no longer carries them .
 I just opened it today , and I am disappointed . The outside of the box states it is a floor cover and not the trunk tray as written on the shipping label . I really do n't know if they shipped the wrong item.It is supposed to be 28 '' by 3ft . It is not.So , I am not sure if I got the correct item and I do n't want to have to pay to ship it back . It is pretty bent , I am hoping it straightens out . A friend of mine just bought a new Sante Fe and admired my cargo tray so I bought her one . It is not as thick as the one I have .
 This went on very well in my 01 Ford Ranger . Easy to use when driving feels good and does not slip . STARTING TO COME APPART ALREADY one of the logos is breaking down after a very short time . Disappointed .
 i bought this 5 months ago and its still sitting in the box , this company doesnt let you return items so be aware of this > : -LRB-
 I bought the Rivet tool Kit to repair my gutter downspout . One rivet . No discharge of the mandrel out the back . Expensive fix . Went to the Surebonder website thinking I could find some helpful hints . Nothing ... Will update when I hear back from them . Update October 2012
 This is how it works
 Great quality part , but it was n't what I needed . I needed what the picture shows and this is just a pack of neoprene bushings .
 From the photos , it appeared the balaclava was relatively thick , form fitted , and well made , but what I received did n't come close . The material was thin , pilled , and baggy . The closure over the face was stretched out , flaring out about 2 '' around the nose . And the mouth piece did not come close to aligning properly - it rested around my chin . Returned it the next day for a full refund , then bought a different one at a local Kohls . The ZANheadgear sounds good , and the velcro closure is an attractive selling point , but its quality is not up to par .
 It is certainly warm enough although the mesh opening around the mouth allows a fair amount of wind chill to the lips . The down vent over the nose is not formed so it allows the escaping breath to rise and fog glasses/goggles . The velcro closure is bunched and is somewhat difficult to align and seal . It is fairly tight , if you have a large head like me , and that also makes it a little difficult to adjust . It took weeks for me to gt this item as it did not ship on the date promised from the manufacturer . If you are looking for high functionality and to get a balaclava in a hurry you should look at one of the more expensive options .
 Spectre 4606 Wire Divider Set - Blue SeparatorsI bought a set of these for use on my '81 Camaro 305 V8 . The engine has 8.5 mm Braided Core Spark Plug Wires , so they were somewhat larger in diameter than stock . They also have Silicone Jackets which make them more flexible but softer than stock . Because the molded edges are too sharp on these , combined with a lack of flexibility that would not allow wire engagement without a lot of pressure being applied , I ended up damaging the wires while installing the dividers . Consequently a new set of wires and dividers will be needed . Not good !
 2004 Saturn Vue 3.5 L V-6 AWD . I bought this product hoping to see fuel milage improvements . After 2 months checking nearly every time I fueled up , there have been no imporvements . K&N also claimes you may see some improvement in horse power . The engine sounds louder at idle , but in both normal driving and towing a trailer I have seen no marked imporvements in horsepower . I do n't think this filter performs any better then the less than the 10 dollar Wal-mart special I replaced it with !
 Guys , If you are ordering this for a W124 .034 or 124.036 mercedes , the sensor wire is WAY too long . The Amazon lookup tool says this is correct for a 1994 , 420e . I believe there is another bosch sensor in here which is only $ 55 with a shorter lead . I shorted the wires . . not so much fun .
 The Brushtech Sliding Window & Shower Door Track Cleanerdid not work on my shower doors . I really needed toclean the area and was hoping the brush would help inthe hard to clean areas on the door track . Maybe itworks on sliding windows ??
 Spectre 4780 Muscle Car Air CleanerBe careful , do n't count on getting the `` deluxe wing nut '' as stated . I ordered six -LRB- 6 -RRB- of these and only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- had a wing nut with it . I checked at my local auto stores -LRB- AutoZone , Kragen , Etc -RRB- and they ALL had wing nuts with them !!!!
 Inaccurate description . Does NOT come with wingnut . Trying to get them to change description . Not easy . Does anyone in customer service speak english as a first language ?
 Ball joint arrived with missing cap for grease fitting , did n't think anything of it , and now since its already installed I 'm screwed , reason for no cap I have to assume it was a previous return . Grease fitting just barely threaded in because threads were screwed up , ca n't afford for shop to re-replace . u joint will probably snap it off -LRB- grease fitting -RRB- yea shady parts ! Three of four are fine , purchased elsewhere .
 Before a year in my car , the low tone went damage , this product really sucks ... do n't buy it . It 's from India , not a real German made product . DO N'T BUY IT !!! : -LRB-
 I honestly ca n't tell anyone that I noticed a significant difference , at least not enough to justify spending the amount of money it costs .
 It may or may not have worked . However , it requires you to monitor the battery being charged , and remove it before over charging ! For a few bucks more -LRB- sometimes less -RRB- , you can get a trickle charger that can be left attached to the battery indefinitely -LRB- all winter -RRB- without causing damage . Just hook it up and forget it ! Do n't waste money on a manual trickle charger .
 I purchased this because I thought it was a trickle charger -LRB- battery Tender -RRB- , instead I find it needs to be monitored . The name is ms-leading , I returned it .
 This is advertised as a trickle charger but it is really a manual charger where you have to be careful and not leave on and overcharge the battery ... a trickle charger you can leave on and forget . Also the clips are very small and will not fit an automotive size battery and there is no light to indicate it is on ... I have three or four trickle chargers at another home and they are all good ... this one is not
 I purchased this because I thought it was a trickle charger , instead I find it needs to be monitored . The name is mis-leading , I returned it .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 ITEM FALLS SHORT ON PRACTICALITY AND OVERALL USEFULLNESS . GOOD FOR WINDOWS ONLY BECAUSE YOU 'D HAVE TO GET UP ON HOOD/TRUNK TO GET LEVERAGE NEEDED TO COMPLETELY SCRAPE WINDSHEILDS !
 Sure , it 's handy for a pile of snow and ice , but it 's much more awkward and slow for the more common thin layer of ice that underlies all the snow . For that , a metal scraper is far quicker and more comfortable to use .
 I bought this thinking I finally found the scraper that would actually do a good job ... dissappointed with the results ! Does not work any better than the cheaper scraper that you can purchase from WalMart .
 I got one of these for Christmas a couple years ago , and it was disappointing . It works pretty well on heavy ice , but on the normal everyday frost it was n't as good as the average scraper . I was also hoping for a little more durability from the cost of the item , but it really only lasted a season for me before it did n't scrape cleanly . I did n't buy another one and I 'm back to just buying a cheap scraper every season .
 The title says it . Flimsy and cheesy looking . Yea , ya get what ya pay for most of the time . I ended up getting a stailess canister rather than put this in my classic .
 product was not as avertised by manufactor , dose not work on 4 brl manifolds as stated , do not buy spectre products .
 ACDelco A2933C Air Filter was impossible to install on Lexus ES330 . Had to spend a lot of time before succeeded . Tried an old OEM filter - installs like a charm . Evidently some ACDelco filter 's features have a slightly different size which made an installation a very tough task . Not a good fit for ES330
 Not satisfied . . Was in pieces when I got it . Does n't work properly and looked extremely beat up ... Would not recommend anyone to purchase this item ...
 After buying this product I find that replacement stones are impossible to buy without a 4 to 6 weeks delivery and very limited grit selection . Next time I will try to find a different type .
 Be aware , the filter shipped to me was not as pictured for the Spectre 5965 . It 's a decent looking silver filter that 's fully functional , but it does not look the same as an OEM filter -LRB- as pictured -RRB- . It 's priced right so , depending on your car/need , it my not matter .
 I was upset that I paid the price for ONE single pack of three , when I thought I was getting literally THREE packs of three trees .
 The information about the item was not rigth , I need the oxigen sensor before the catalist and it was noticed as it , that 's why i bought it , but when i received the item my surprise was that it was the wrong one .
 Paint clogs nozzle in short or long term use , regardless of temperature . Paint does n't always mix properly , which leads to improper spray pattern and wo n't let paint cure properly . Nozzle leaks leaving paint all over your hands . All directions and conditions followed .
 I bought this because it said it would fit a 1991 Jeep Wrangler , But you have to remove the OEM `` Button '' from the window and glue theirs on to make it work.There is nothing special about this mirror , so if your looking to glue one on you can buy one for substantially less , I was willing to pay a bit extra if it worked with the button on the glass , but returned it because it did n't fit .
 This knob will look great inside your car . However , because it 's painted metal . The paint will last for a year max and then the chrome will start to peel off . And if you leave your car under the sun in a hot day the knob will heat up pretty bad .
 Pile is not as deep as the original lexus product . Matting on back of one piece was falling away . Color was as represented.Would not buy this product again .
 First of all the delivery was late - they lost the package and they had tosend it again.It turns out that this filter is not for Honda CIVIC 2006 -LRB- like it was posted in amazon.com -RRB- Honda civic 2006 requires one whole piece of filter , and the one that I received is with 2 pieces and they do n't fit for this model.I am very disappointed .
 These mats were smaller than a regular place-mat they only measured 13 inches X 17 inches . They were very poorly made . The rubber was thin and flimsy . They did not appear at all like the one in the photo . The manufacturer had also punched 2 small holes through the mat to attach the tags . I was very disappointed in these .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I ordered this thinking I was getting a quality product from moog . My opinion of Moog use to be a brand that meant quality a product you could trust.But when I opened the package , I was shocked and disappointed to find it was not the control arm displayed in the picture , which looks like a strong solid forged metal part , however its just a stamped piece of metal and its hollow with a piece of metal welded inside the hollow part of the control arm to stiffen it up . Not solid like the original on my Ford crown victoria . Also on the packaging the control arm came in has two part numbers ck80040 and k80040 . I must have recieved their latest ck80040.If Ford wanted a thin piece of staped metal for a control arm Ford would have made it that way originally .
 this is junk not as pictured crappy design do not buy !! stamped crap bent on me within a few hundred miles ! welds cracked ! absolute junk !
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 After reading the review and the description I was certain this Sensor would fit my 2004 Hyundai Elantra . Imagine my disappointment when I find out the plug would not fit , nor could I splice the wires together seeing as how the Sensor on my car has 5 wires and this Sensor only has four .
 This is not a coolant temp sensor but is an air charge temp sensor . WRONG ITEM
 Wrong title AX32T is the IAT Sensor -LRB- Intake Air Temp -RRB- Wrong title AX32T is the IAT Sensor -LRB- Intake Air Temp -RRB-
 I bought this exact item from Rock Auto and the part that arrived had excessive slop in my idler arm that it was being used on . It should be a pressed fit and the orignal bushing from the factor had a steel sleeve , reusing this sleeve will not work as the bushing is 0.020 '' larger than the steel sleeve . I contacted Rock Auto and they contacted AC Delco and said it comes with its own steel insert to be used , I had them send me a replacement and the replacement arrived and the replacement has no spacer either.Be warned that this part is obviously not made to OEM Specifications if it requires a spacer and the spacer is not included in the boxes when its stated that it is by the manufactuer .
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 although Amazon confirmed that this product fits m y car , after I disassembled the complete front wheel and wanted to mount the new brake pad and rotors , I realized that these do n't fit . So I assembled it again and sent the all rotors and pads back to Amazon . I trusted amazon but it seems their database is not accurate .
 Disappointed because it said it was a 6 air filters but only 1 was sent . A better description should be required .
 This item does n't work in the Chevrolet Tracker 2001 4 cyl 2.0 l , like Amazon advertised here , so , do n't waste your time if you have that vehicle . It fits , but does n't work , because it has a diferent operation .
 i got the product earlier than expected , since i live in germany it takes around 10 days to get anything , but i got it in 7 which is good . I installed the radiator and about 5-7 minutes after filling it up with coolant and starting the car , the damn thing starts leaking on me . at first i thought it might be a hose loose for some reason , but when i looked under the car i found that it was coming from around the radiator itself . im on a crunch to get this fixed so i ca n't return the product . Just hope a radiator shop can repair it
 I put a set of Bosch Platinum 2 plugs in my 97 F-150 this weekend . It was almost undrivable . Could n't figure what in the world I had done to my engine so I took it to the shop . They put put in a set of plain jane Motorcraft plugs which solved the problem . That 's a $ 397 dollar lesson in what NOT to buy . Thanks Bosch , I really needed that .
 Purchased this pod along with some polk 5.25 '' speakers . The hole is too small for the speaker , not even close .
 The add says it will fit stock CJs - with modification required if there is factory AC . NOT THE WHOLE STORY ! It turns out it also needs significant modification with stock heater/air plenum in the 79 CJ7 . Called seller & they said I would have to cut the enclosure -LRB- it 's sealed -RRB- to fit . I 'm certain that if I do that I will get whistles and other issues once the speakers start to move in the enclosure . I 'm going with just the `` Mod Pod '' under-door enclosures -LRB- same manufacturer -RRB- and live with whatever sound I get from those . I returned the Centra Pods .
 $ 36.00 for a big hunk of plastic . Shame on you . It 's a necessary item and does what it should , but costs too much . Poor value .
 This cost $ 30 more than a piece of 2x12 '' scrap wood . Take a trip to the lumbar yard first . Think about it ...
 This is an accessory that is really necessary for safety ! It , or something similar , should be included with the base unit . At $ 35.00 it is a RIP OFF ! You 're paying more than half the price of an all-steel jack for a piece of plastic . I 'm sure it 's durable but the company should be ashamed of itself for charging so much extra for a safety item . Quite a few years ago , a `` lift '' jack was included with new cars and they included a large metal base that provided the extra stability this item provides at an extra charge .
 I installed this replacement rad/cond cooling fan assembly and it did nit turn on.After taking it to my mechanic and having him perform diagnostics , when the fan should be on low it vbarely turns and when it should be on high , it spins at approx the low speed.So consequently I have to remove and replace it and install another.I dont even know how to go about the return process.I would be very hesitant to buy another part from this mfr.Mike Stombock
 Amazon suggested the parts would fit , not even close.Packaging is `` good '' with a nice box and a couple little things inside.The brakes looked to have copper strands in them to bind the ceramic material .
 Gets wet whenever I go through a car wash ; the set-up does n't have the same protection against water that the stock air box does . Whenever it does get wet , the filter drys quickly though . Has sort of a whistle when I hit the high rpms . Did n't notice any performance gain .
 This company is SLOW . I ordered the product on January 18th . Did n't receive it until February 5th . I do n't think they sent it out when they said they would . I tried calling the number and they never answered . Poor customer service -- although they replied to my initial email letting them know the package had n't arrived . I doubt I will ever do business again with the company . The part was brand new and packaged ok -- meaning , no bubble wrap to secure it .
 Mrs. in the items rest the belts , four and rest too the metal pieces with we can to tie this divice to ceiling car , four too ... How i can feel good . . ?? Answer me . .
 Great idea , lots of room but the plastic buckles kept coming undone while we were driving . We only had sleeping bags , tent , tarps and bedding in it , maybe 50 lbs , at the most . Would buy again if there was a more secure buckle system .
 This looked good on the site but for a van , it did not fit well enough to travel . There were 6 adults going on a two week driving trip and we could not make the saddlebag fit well enough to feel safe with it on the back of my Toyota Sienna van . It also rubbed against the back -LRB- just trying to install it -RRB- and I will need to have the lift door buffed to bring it back to the original look.SUV 's may be better for this piece of equipment .
 Unfortunately , we were unable to figure out how to use this saddlebag while feeling confident about making a 10 hour trip with it on the back . LOVE the idea . Maybe an even easier model will come out sometime soon . I was bummed that I paid extra for rush delivery at Christmas and had to leave it behind in Pennsylvania while we made the trip to North Carolina . I will return it .
 i ordered this for my audi rs6 and it does not fit the size is different . very bad i throw it awayK & N ; 33-2836 High Performance Replacement Air Filter
 I have burned out 3 of these in 2 years . They are not designed to handle the amps and resulting heat buildup generated by the fans on a hot day in heavy traffic .
 The product shown in picture was not the product I received and I will not purchase from this website again .
 This product is supplied without any instructions for installation , although there are two schematic circuit diagrams printed on top of the box . However , the possible connection options are not obvious and require interpretation . I could not get these horns to work properly together . Calling Hella tech support did not help . I was forced to return the product .
 Product arrive fast but the LED 's were very dim . Listing says they are bright they are not . Almost could n't tell they were on . Both sides of the car were equally dim . Would not buy again , would not recommend . If you want a red bulb suggest a regular 194 bulb with red coloring . LED 's apparently are not brighter .
 Too much oil applied already . Oil dripping all over . My mechanic & I were worried about MAF sensor malfunction as others described . I had to return this product . However , the build quality seemed good .
 Threw it in , gave me a check engine light for P0171 within 600 miles . Took the filter out cleaned the maf and put OEM filter back in , 15000 miles with no problem . I then re-cleaned the maf and Threw the K&N fitler back in and within 50 miles , the same Check Engine code came back . The one I received came WAY WAY WAY over oiled . My maf is gummed up again . Be careful with all the hype .
 this is not an optimized design for Lexus GX470.It is extremely tight and difficult to fit properly.i question if this is an `` after-thought '' for the LeXus or not ... did not noticed any improvement on the gas efficiency ... given the cost of this filter , it 's probably more of an `` ego '' purchase rather than a `` practical '' component for my SUV
 My mechanic , a Toyota-trained tech , told me that the oil in these filters will foul the MAP meter in a Tundra . This meter measures air flow and temperature after it passes through the air filter . A fouled MAP meter will produce a very bad air/fuel mix . I ended up with fouled spark plugs and a rough-running engine after about a month of using this filter.This warning applies to other Toyota 's with MAP meters also .
 Bought this box , really nice after assembly and was happy with it at first . So , after spending almost $ 500 , I wanted a securing lock to my hitch . After I bought spent $ 20 for the std locking hitch , found out the Thule does not use the std 1/2 '' trailer hitch hole , but one that is slightly smaller . Then I spent $ 15 for a drill to enlargen the hole . Well that did not work either , and now I have damaged the hole.Oh , by the way Thule makes a lock for over $ 50 that looks like is should cost about $ 5 . I am not buying that.Now going to the hardward store to buy some heavy duty chain and be done with it .
 INSTALATION NIGHTMARE FACTORY DID NOT PRE DRILL HOLES AS THERE DIRECTIONS CLEARLY INDICATE THAT THEY SHOULD HAVE BEEN.SO ALOT OF MEASURING REQ AND HAD TO MAKE TEMPLATE.THIS STEP SHOULD ALWAYS BE DONE AT FACTORY TO INSURE PROPER LINE UP TO FRAME OF TRANSPORTER OTHER THAN THAT PRODUCT WAS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION .
 Hi , If you are purchasing this sensor for a Toyota Sienna 02 it wo n't fit right . I had to file the sensor shield in order to make it fit plus the rubber seal for the floor is too small , again I had to use silicone to make it stay leak proof : -LRB- The sensor turned off the check engine light as it should .
 Although this cover was clearly designed for my BMW 328 , it did n't fit right . The left side was shaped wrong and there was a bulge over the instrument cluster that would not flatten out . The price was right but the tailoring was not .
 Be Careful ! I ordered these thinking they would be great , but they did not fit ! I tried both in my mini van and my mini cooper . And the material and stitching are thin and weak , a slight stretch of the material caused an immediate ripping sound . Yikes ! Anyways , I sent them back and only got refunded for 1 because of the tear ! Total jip !
 I bought this Hawaiian print seat cover for my minivan , but it does n't fit over the seat . Bummers . Seat does n't look that big either , or maybe the seat cover was made wrong . I do n't know , but be sure you know the dimensions of both your car seat and the cover itself . Would return , but I just gave it away . I guess you get what you pay for . FYI , no opening for armrest , would 've had to cut it . Not made for minivan . My bad .
 These seat covers say they will fit highback or lowback seats with headrests . I have a Toyota Highlander with lowback seats with headrests and these seatcovers did not come close to fitting . The backing tore easily . As soon as I began to slide one of the covers over the seat area , the backing seam ripped . Also , one cover came out of the package with stitching missing along a main seam . I do not recommend these seat covers for fit , quality or endurance - made by Allison Corporation .
 As other reviewer stated , the cover will tear at the seams when you put it on . I am returning them . Too bad I liked the print . Do not recommend .
 I would recommend against buying these seat covers . They are cheap and do not fit correctly . Upon trying to put them on I could hear ripping sounds and further when trying to connect the fitting loops they ripped and broke with little tension put on them . My advice would be to look for different seat covers .
 The seat was black and white print on a blue background , why call BLACK ? Even if the back of the seat and the lower part that goes around the seat is black , the background is NOT grey as shown on the picture . At first I though I was sent a wrong seat but the label on the packaging confirmed it was the right item.I probably should 've sent the whole thing back as it really does not match my black and white Jeep .
 The covers themselves are fine , a little thin but they will do . The COLOR is NOT black . They are BLUE !! Very disappointed .
 I have purchased the same Hawaiian -LRB- from Hawaii -RRB- seat covers every summer for the last 8 years . They are for my jeep wrangler , the custom fit neoprene covers get too hot in top-down weather . The summer covers get abused so I only expect them to last the season . My usual covers were back ordered this year so I bought these . Mistake , these are really cheap and wo n't last more than a couple of weeks . They are short on fabric -LRB- do n't fully cover the seat back -RRB- and the way they are attached is over engineered while using poor components . Pay a little more for the real deal because you are wasting your money on these .
 THe filter is ok , but not as good as the cold air kit which they do n`t make for an X-Type Jag .
 This was a mistake from the begining . The parts did not fit , they came without a manuel , and they look like crap . I am already $ 36.00 into just trying to send them back . A real assel !
 The FEL-PRO HS 9105 PT HEAD SET is for GM V6 207ci 3.4 L OHV 12V 1995-93 . I got it for a 1996 Lumina LS with a 3.1 L motor , stardard for its class.This set is for the Lumina APV that came with the 3.4 L motor.Since I have this parts sendded to me outside the states , I dont have the option of returning it.In another ocation I asked for a temperature sensor for the same car , from another vendor and received a brake drum for a Toyota camry.Frustrating .
 Got wrong part in a box . Similar shape but different PN 33-2773 on the filter vs 33-2267 on the outer box . Unfortunately , none of mine friends drive Porsche to whom it could fit .
 Part ordered and sent was right number but wrong part new update cap is tan with white ring received tan with black ring call 254-582-2548 if you have any questions
 I regret to strike a negative note , but must . In good faith , and as an experienced online buyer -LRB- 100 % favorable feedback -RRB- , I purchased an Axius anti-snow windshield cover in the Jumbo size . This is intended for one of my vehicles which is too large -LRB- too high -RRB- to be under cover here in East Lansing , Michigan . The vehicle in question is a Ford E-150 Turtletop Weekender conversion van , with a standard Ford E-150 van windshield - large but certainly not as large as many other recreation vehicles and even smaller than my Establishment Windjammer motorhome . I diligently read the advertising blurbs , to ensure the Axius jumbo cover would be appropriate in strength , size , and handling ability -LRB- can an average-size person place it on a windshield and secure it in place ? -RRB- . I should mention that I teach language clarity and precisions at a major university here , together with critical analysis -LRB- especially text analysis -RRB- , so I probably read the Axius advertising copy correctly and with due attention to detail . Well , anyway , the item arrived and I was dismayed , to put it mildly . It is misleadingly - and over-described . First , far from being jumbo , it does NOT fit the windshield of even my Ford van - it is not wide enough - by about 12 inches -LRB- there are trimmed-away tuck-into-interior-of-vehicle flaps at each side-end , which take the width of this thing to almost the advertised width of 96 inches , but that trim means the windshield itself is not covered by a factor of about ten percent each side . Second , the material is thin vinyl , completely unsupported or hemmed or framed by edging - it simply is cut out of a larger plastic , and it is as thin as ordinary office paper - in even a mild breeze it was almost unmanageably flap-around . Third , the suction cups by which we are supposed to secure this absurdity to the inner-windshield -LRB- for security -RRB- do not hold -LRB- tiny suction diameter -RRB- and they can not be forced into the holes crudely cut at each flap end . By the way , this jumbo-size costs far more than the $ 5 some other reviewers refer to in the reviews above ... I paid more than $ 10 -LRB- NOT counting shipping -RRB- . Some Axius items are excellent -LRB- I have used them for years ... -RRB- but this particular item is the opposite . I estimate -LRB- critical analysis , now -RRB- that it has been sized and shaped by some ill-positioned person in a faraway land where there is zero -LRB- or near-zero -RRB- personal-ownership of large vehicles or motorhomes , and where there is zero experience of the sort of awful winter weather with which we in North America have to deal November through February . Withdraw this from the market , Axius , and preserve your otherwise good name . And , next time you contract with some outfit to produce an item for the USA market , maintain quality and good-design standards please .
 This was supposed to be a `` jumbo '' sized windshield cover , intended to cover up larger van windows . The picture even shows a woman putting the cover on her van window . When we got it , we tried it on the van and it did not cover any more than the standard windshield cover we already had . Comparing the size to our standard cover , it was a hair larger , but it still did not cover the entire windshield as described . Also the quality was poor . I could have just bought a piece of plastic tarp and cut it to fit the windshield and I would have had something better . I returned it to Amazon .
 Jumbo to me means that it should fit on a Lumina Van windshield nicely but it does n't . It would be a great product if it were bigger . First of all when on the Lumina APV windshield , there is about 4 to 6 inches on the top and the bottom that does n't even get covered . And for the length ... it 's not even long enough to suction cup to the inside of the windshield . I have to just put one end in the door and shut it and pull the other end and try to tighten the slack out of it and shut the door without smashing my fingers . It works where it is covered though . The suction cups that come with it stink . They do n't work when cold , so just go to walmart and buy the medium sized suction cups with hook -LRB- 3 to a pack -RRB- and remove the hooks and put those on . They work much better .
 It smells like the green tree , over-powering , no jasmine scent . I had it in my car for 15 minutes and threw it away . It took a week for the smell to go away . Yuck
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 I purchased this hitch to move gooseneck trailers around on my farm . The 3 point hitch onthe back of my tractor is rated to lift either 4,000 or 6,000 lbs -- two tractors . Less than a week after I recieved this hitch I was able to bend the two arm-mounts to the point where I felt it was unsafe to continue to use it.What bent was not the pin itself , but the metal that the pin is mounted on . The bottom crossbar is not built heavily enough to allow the unit to lift moderately heavy trailers . Since the 3 point arms can not lift more than their rated weights , weights under 6,000 lbs tongue weight were too much for this unit , and I suspect that weights of 2,000 lbs were probably too much , as most of the trailers were empty or partially full when being moved.I would expect a class 2/3 attachment to be able to handle typical 2/3 loads . this particular one is only suitable for light duty.We ended up cutting off the bottom bar and welding on a stronger support for the pins .
 the leds would only display as a group indicating the peak voltage rather than display only the measured volt , the ground probe should be a clip rather than a pin probe . Too expensive for its function .
 Bought this based on the brand name I had a lot of respect and admiration for ALL Schumacher products little did I know until I made the mistake of buying this cord TOGTHER with SAC 101 -LRB- Dual Socket -RRB- and SAC 103 -LRB- Socket -RRB- Very poor quality and materials all the way through , for example the female socket wirng was not even soldered on Sac 102 ! sad to say but a complete waste of money defintely my mayor buying blunder here at Amazon .
 It worked OK in the beginning , but after a few months , it no longer worked . It did n't get a lot of use , only when I needed to add air to the tires . I think it must have gotten stretched and a wire separated in one of the end plugs .
 I ordered these Pro Ceramic Disc Brake Pads w/Gridlock , and someone pulled the wrong pads for my vehicle application . This was not discovered until I had my vehicle on jack stands and pulled apart so was committed to complete the brake job and it was determined from comparing the old pad size/configuration , that the wrong pads were pulled and sent . I had to go to Pep Boys to purchase the correct pads , which Pep Boys carries the same line , Pro Ceramic , and it cost me an additional $ 17 dollars above and beyond what I paid at Amazon , so I am not satisfied with this as it was a huge inconvenience , I had to pay more for the same pads , plus sales tax and then had to deal with the return of the incorrect pads , which I was able to do , but it tied up my funds for a significant period of time .
 As a NHTSA-certified child passenger safety technician , part of the training we receive relates to other aspects of child safety beyond just car seats . This item would qualify as a projectile , meaning that in the event of a collision , the suction cups are not strong enough to hold the hard cylinder on the glass , therefore allowing the cylinder to fly through the air and possibly strike and injure an occupant of the vehicle . This does not only mean the child is in danger , but any occupant in the vehicle . A safe alternative is the type of sun shade that sticks or statics directly onto the window , plus this type can easily adapt to attach to any type of window in any position .
 I received this shade for free when I bought other products from Babies R US.My windows in the back have a curved edge to them . You have to place the shade high on the window in the straight area . Well you miss the whole lower corner of the window . The sun shines in through this lower corner . When I tried to move the shade lower on the window I could not fully close the window.If you can get it for free , get it . Do not purchase this item.I just recently went out and purchased new shade for my car to cover the corner this shade misses .
 Do not waste your money on this roller shade . It is so cheaply made that the day after putting it in our car not only did the suction cups not stick anymore , but the rolling option broke as well . Not worth your money buy a more expensive roller shade !!
 I PURCHASED THIS THINKING BABIES R US WOULD MAKE A QUALITY ITEM . WELL I FOUND IT TO BE UNSAFE , STOPPED WORKING THE VERY NEXT DAY I BOUGHT IT , NOT TO MENTION IT DOES NOT FIT SMALLER NEW CARS . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 As an ER nurse , I have seen little ones come in with injuries from these roller shades . In an accident , they often become dislodged from the window and make the perfect projectile .
 I had recieved this as a promotional item at Babiesrus so I did n't have to pay anything for it . Well , I got what I DID N'T pay for !!! This thing does not stick to car windows and even if I made it stick , it would fall down before we even got out of the garage . Looking at the price of this item , it 's better to just spend a few extra $ $ $ and get something that will actually work . .
 If you take your car seat to the CHP for inspection/installation , they will make you take these off your windows and tell you not to use them . The reason is that they will likely become a projectile in an accident and can injure passengers in the vehicle , including your precious baby . Think about flinging one of these as hard as you can at someone 's face or eyes and you get the idea -LRB- somewhat -RRB- of the damage it can do.A safer alternative are the window cling shades , hmmm ca n't exactly remember what they are called , but window tinting stuff you can get a Kragen and stick on yourself . It might not look pretty but remember it is only temporary and for the safety of your little one.Besides all that - they do n't work that great .
 Just not worth buying . I simple HATE it , I got them for free at babiesrus and they were just to small and very difficult to adjust on the the car windows . Just wont recommend them . One rather buy some better looking expensive shades than wasting their money behind these .
 Got these for my baby shower & installed them in my car ... they do not block the sunlight at all from the car -- might as well have nothing there for all the good they do . And the worst part is that the support on the bottom of the shade is flimsy plastic & bent within a month from the pressure of being attached by one suction cup so that there are `` wings '' pointing into my car . Terrible product & I am replacing them with a better brand . I will definitely read the reviews first this time !!
 It does n't stick , if you have a rounded back window it does n't sit right or you have to put it down lower so it does , and then you 're leaving the top exposed . Also dangerous with baby , as I was told during a car seat inspection . After I was told that , it immediately went in the garbage . Was gotten free thru BRU promo , but it 's better to get one that sits flat on the window
 I bought this as a 2 pack with a coupon and got it for free , but it is not even worth it for free . It is a terrible product . The suction cups are constantly coming off and the whole shade falls off which does not seem too safe if baby is sitting under it . I threw them right in the trash . First years makes a better product .
 I bought one of these and one of another brand , and put one in each car . The other one worked great , but the bar at the bottom of this one warped in the sun within the first week . It simply was n't worth anything , since the other brand cost about the same and was more durable .
 The seat is far too small , the poles dig into the back of your legs . The decal is what you pay for on this item . Not worth it ! Cheap construction .
 I recently ordered this spotlight , and when I cut open the plastic , I discovered that the spotlight was already used and broken . Needless to say , I am not really thrilled with this company .
 Do not purchase this product if you are going to use it from a vehicle to see something at a distance !
 I actually have no idea how well this product works as I ruined my gas tank while trying to use it . It stuck fantastically to my porch and arm hair and clothing . Even applied improperly , it did make a super durable coating guaranteeing that my tank will remain useless for years to come . It was definitely my fault , but I have a complaint I would like to make . Everything was going according to plan until I got to the final stage of coating the tank . First , make sure you have a plan for how to remove the lid . It looks like a regular paint-can lid , but this is deceiving . The lid is nearly impossible to remove as it is designed to destroy the lid , making it impossible to replace . There is no warning or instruction that would help you anticipate flinging the coating everywhere while applying the ridiculous force required -LRB- which I did -RRB- . So I have this awesomely durable coating on my hands , pants , and porch and in a little bit of a panic I quickly re-read the instructions on the can . This is where I made my fatal error . The instructions for EVERY step of the process are printed on the coating can . I had read the paper instructions ahead of time and not the instructions on the can . In order to get the relevant information , you will have to read the phrase `` Mix solution with equal parts warm water '' not once , but twice . I probably would not have made the irreversible mistake had I not been covered in the coating and making a horrible mess . On the bright side , my new tank does n't have any holes . On the bad side , I am out the numerous hours of time to do the project , a few hundred dollars of coating + new tank , and the new tank does not actually fit my bike . What a nightmare . I am probably going to apply this coating my new tank as a prophylactic . I just need a little time . In case you did n't suss it out , DO NOT ADD WATER TO THE COATING ! For several hours I just kept repeating , `` Why would they do that ? '' . Like I said , its my own dumb fault but ...
 I purchased this mat & what I do n't understand is why a company would sell just one mat at a time.There are TWO sides to a car where people sit so I feel they should have been sold by the pair.Also they were defective on the backside of the ONE mat . The Butterflies were pretty though , but they should have been sold in a pair . Thanks
 I just received this product and it is very cheaply made . The light will only stay on if you giggle the switch . I will be returning it .
 I ordered this Plastikote 200 Chevrolet Orange engine enamel -- but unfortunately , what I received was Rustoleum instead ... ` nuff said . I will say that the distributor -LRB- Deerso -RRB- was great about it , and appologized , issuing me a full refund . So you may want to get in touch with them prior to ordering ... since they were supposedly unaware that `` their '' distributor changed the product on them and did n't tell them ... this should not be advertised by Amazon if it is not available ...
 This product does not come with a roller fairlead . Other than that large omission , everything was fine . Came with complete instructions and all the hardware necessary for installation . Again , DOES NOT include a roller fairlead .
 The flat black paint is nearly impossible to work with . The paint clogs the nozzle in short or long term use , regardless of temperature . The paint does n't always mix properly , which leads to improper spray pattern and wo n't let paint cure properly . The nozzle also leaks causing paint to rundown your hand . All directions and conditions were followed .
 I bought this lock a few years ago as a security device when I moved to LA. . This past week when I was driving to Nashville I put on the lock and lost the key at the motel . I had to remove the lock in order to continue driving . I ended up picking the lock in under 2 minutes with a couple of straightened out paper clips , and I do n't know almost anything about picking locks . If you buy this lock do so knowing that this device is a VISUAL THEFT DETERRENT ONLY ! This will not protect your car from being stolen if a thief knows anything about how to pick a lock !
 I bought a similar lock to this about 6 months ago , filled in the paperwork and sent it in by certified mail as requested to get their warranty in case my car was stolen . A few months later , my car got stolen , first time I 've ever had a car stolen . First , this lock was able to be picked by a standard flat head screw driver . Except for it becoming loose , it would still be `` useable . '' Second , when I went to file the warranty , they claimed the original registration never got to them and therefore not entered into their system . I attempted to show them that I had the receipt for the certified letter and a copy of my original receipt , but the representative basically told me they do not honor the 1000 deductable grantee . I was a faithful customer , but with this I 'm going to be using other brands for my personal and business use . I expect they 'll lose more than they gained by this decision over the course of 5-10 years .
 This thing is the biggest P.O.S Steering wheel bar i have seen . Was not expecting much , but this thing is dinky . Feels like you could break it with you bear hands .
 I read a comment here about a guy who lost the key and opened this piece of junk in under 2 minutes.I took me 20 seconds !!!! I used a hair pin and a small flat screwdriver . This is the first time I open a lock !!!!
 The locker I bought was not good cause the locker I bought was master lock but I got the other company , also I bought the new one and they gave me the used one . It has little rush on it , and the yellow thing was teared .
 I saw the older good reviews so I decided to get this lock but sadly it does n't work whenever I try to adjust it according to the size of my steering . It 's so frustating !
 The silver bits are n't metal - they are painted plastic . The first time this dropped on the ground , the clip broke right off.I put a key ring through the smaller ring and attached it to a better clip , so it is still functional . It 's too bad the clip was n't made better , the light is bright and has a good strobe .
 This company is not interested in fixing a problem . They send out white strobes when you think you are getting red . Then when you complain they say too bad . The white ones can not be seen in fog , while the red does well . Want your money back - not a chance . want the red one instead - not a chance.Don ' t do business with this company . Not even Amazon is willing to fix the problem . They say just send feedback . So here it is . Thumbs down , way down .
 Put the pump in the truck and it worked fine . We drove the truck approx . 200 miles and the pump quit and left us stranded .
 This thing is really poorly made . First of all I wanted to hard mount it to my dash , which the ad copy said was OK and a bracket and a spring clip were both included . A mounting bracket was included but it must have been for something else . It was n't even made for the fan it came with , plus there were no diagrams or instructions . I 'm an engineer and I could n't make the bracket work . So , I made my own and securely screwed it to the dash . When I mounted the fan to the bracket I found that the plastic shaft the fan head was mounted on had tons of clearance and the whole fan wobbled around like crazy whenever I drove , and it rattled when it wobbled.Really poorly made . Might be suitable for mounting in a shop where the base never moved , but why would you want to ? This is a 12V fan and should be suitable for mounting in a car or truck . It is not .
 I thought I was buying a Waterproof SeatShield that a running friend recommended but it turns out this is a different product . It 's a coated nylon cover that bunched up around my seat . It probably deserves a better rating for hunting or work purposes , but it is sticky and sweaty if it comes in contact with skin like when I 'm in shorts . Unfortunately the other product was n't sold on Amazon so I had to return this one and buy it from the manufacturer website .
 I bought this product a few months ago . My son plays both football and baseball . The cover works to keep the clay out of my seats . However , when I came back from one of my son 's football practice I discovered that the seat was drenched . I was very disappointed because the manufacturer 's website claims that this product is waterproof . I also live near the coast and planned to use it when we go to the beach . I will have to look for another solution ...
 I bought this seat cover because I thought it was the Waterproof SeatShield that is advertised in Runners World , but it turns out that product is only sold in stores and at the manufacturer website . I returned this product because it 's is a coated nylon that does n't feel good if I 'm sweaty and in my shorts after running or tennis and bought the other one which is waterproof and feels a lot better .
 I bought this superwinch atv mount for my polaris sportsman 500 . It fit the atv just fine , but my superwinch 2500 lb winch holes would not line up with winch mount are you kidding me .
 The item I received was n't as depicted in the picture - It was easy to install but , I was disatisfied that the brightness of the white and red leds was n't as advertised . If I would of had the time I would or returned the item for my money back .
 I do n't get it . Plants cast shadows . It makes absolutely no sense . Someone help me understand this .
 It 's not a bright as I thought it should be , it does work so that is not the issue . I have a light bar under the tailgate that i like a lot but the 3rd brakelight just is n't impressive.It was very easy to install .
 This third brake light/cargo light looks great on the back of my 2005 F-250 cab . The brake light is bright enough , but the cargo light is very dim and directional ; it only `` illuminates '' the aft 1/3 of the bed and it doesnt light that portion very well at all .
 Love the look and will keep it on my F450 , but if you load your cargo bed at night you might pass on this unit . Not much light when illuminated . Cool yes , functional , not really !
 wife got me third led brake light , side view mirrors and back tail lightsfor christmas . first the side views kept snapping out then lost one on the freeway so had to put the stock back . then the third led started loosing the white leds in banks of 3 , first theyed start blinking the wouldnt work at all . now its ust a brake light . like the previous review they are not very bright at all . i would not recommened recon to anybody . . my 2cents id rate recon a 0 but cant oh ya then passenger tail light went out , pulled it off the truck and a wire came off the circiut board . i was able to solder it back on so it still works but come on
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 The bolt holes did not match my tranny . The mount was well made . I was in a hurry and did not checked to see if it matched the 4 speed that came on the car . I 'm using it with one bolt till the weather gets better .
 This is a very nice-looking light . However , it was not the same length as the OEM light on my truck , coming up 1/8 &#34; short on the length of the lens . And the body of the light assembly would not fit into the light opening on the vehicle . RECON said they never had a problem with this applications before . But I had no choice but to return the unit and purchase another -LRB- different -RRB- brand LED light .
 The product description states there is a built-in meter and LEDs to indicate the charge-level of the battery . They are advertising the more expensive product and shipping the cheaper version . Do not buy , this is a scam . I received the product and it does not match the picture or description - none of the features listed are included.Here are the features as they have listed at my time of purchase -LRB- and now I just doublechecked -RRB- : - Built-in battery meter with LED test lights - there is no meter to be found on this model . - LED 's indicate
 I entered the stats for my 1994 Honda Civic and was told this is the mat for my car . When I got it , it was a good fit except for the passenger side of the dash . It is too big on that side . I thought maybe I got the wrong one , so I came back to Amazon and looked at it again carefully and got the same model number . I searched online at found other sites recommending this same DashMat model number and this is the model number I kept getting for my car . So , because I needed one really bad and did n't know what else to do , I had to alter it myself to fit , which is OK , because I 'm a seamstress and I know how to alter , but this problem needs to be remedied by the manufacturer .
 There is absolutely no excuse that this product would ship with incorrect sized bolts . Four of the six mounting bolts were 1/2 '' but all six washers and nuts provided were 3/8 '' as were all the mounting holes in the plastic and the metal reinforcing plates . I mean , I expect this kind of poor quality control from say Harbor Freight , but I did not expect it from Rola . Rather than go through the hassle of returning to Amazon I went out and picked up the correct sized bolts and everything fit perfectly . Thanks Rola for wasting an hour of my life .
 When I read this product description , and when I read the instructions after receiving the product , I thought this was a great idea . Unfortunately , this product proved to be a waste of time and money for me .1 . The lens covering material was relatively small . 3 x 4 inch . I say relatively because if you have a large taillight lens as I do and many newer vehicles do then tee size may be too small for you repair needs . In my case , the crack I was repairing extended beyond the covering material .2 . The clear epoxy was mixed according to the instruction . However , when brushed over the repair material , it was thick leaving brush marks and then when dry was cloudy rather than clear.End result , I need to figure a way to remove the application without damaging the lens and try another product , or spend all those big bucks and buy a replacement taillight -LRB- which was the reason for seeking a repair system in the first place -RRB- .
 All mechanics know that Moog is pretty much the best chassis brand out there . I 've been using their products for many years . 1989-1997 Thunderbirds and Cougars are known to have strut-rod bushing issues . Using these PLASTIC bushings is NOT the way to fix the problem ! I meticulously installed these on my 1993 LX show-car . Even harvested the metal cup-washers from the original rubber front bushings , in order to give these plastic ones a true , flat surface to mount against -LRB- hole has a rolled lip -RRB- . After installing , first thing I noticed was excessive , harsh steering-column vibrations . 800 miles later the driver 's side , rear bushing actually cracked and FELL OUT while I was driving !! Luckily I was only 3 miles from home , and was able to limp the car back . I 'd like to sue MOOG for producing such a inferior product ! I should have heeded the warnings posted all over the internet about these , especially from `` TCCOA.com '' which is a must-visit site for any owner of these cars ! The ONLY fix for the stock ford bushings , is OEM Ford parts , which are still available seperately . You must re-use the original `` crush-sleeve '' , as it is discontinued now . After fitting new Ford rubber parts on both ends of the strut-rods , that smooth , cushioned feeling was restored . Double rubber-insulated strut-rods were a selling point on this model when new , by the way .
 I thought this might be a vinyl dye -LRB- like VHT 's products for vinyls claim to be -RRB- , but no , actually it 's just , more or less , a flexible vinyl paint.I used it on some textured , black motorcycle plastics . It left them shiny , rather than their original satin finish , and spotted with occasional runs and defects.I 've been extremely happy with Plasti-Kote 's acrylic lacquer , and have gotten very high quality finishes from them , so I 'm no newbie when it comes to aerosols . But Plasti-Kote Vinyl Color left me disappointed.Update
 These microfiber clothes do n't seem to actually pick up any dirt or dust -LRB- except in extreme cases -RRB- . It looks and feels more like they simply push it around . I 've been using them primarily as a cover for glass or plastic that I do n't want scratched during transit.They 're worth the price , if only for that purpose ; if you actually need stuff cleaned , pick a different microfiber cloth .
 All the gaskets were of good quality . Did n't include the water-tube gaskets for the pipe from the water pump , to the rear water manifold ! Valve cover gaskets were wrong for the application also !! Too bad I did n't notice this until all the other gaskets were installed ! Do n't even think of calling Fel-Pro for help ! They were useless . Had to pay $ 40 for correct valve cover gaskets from the local store !
 Althought I entered my vehicle information and it said fits my vehicle , it does not fit a 2001 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 STEPSIDE . I 'm sure it would had been a great cover had it fit , sent back for refund .
 I ordered new front break shoes and got used rear break shoes . Waste of money if returned because it will cost more than the item price .
 This review has two ratings . First , Coverking products do fit well and feel wonderful . Readjusted them once already , may have to continue that . They do n't seem to stay put very well . Maybe a piece of that non-slip stuff used under rugs will work . Now the second part , less complimentary . Their web site does say that '' ... include everything that is needed -- ... console covers ... '' . That is where this company is advertising falsely and incorrectly . I ordered these because my leather front console is peeling . It was not included in the order and , as dealt with by the wonderful people at Autobarn -LRB- ***** 5 star rating for their efforts -RRB- , I have been informed that the console covers are ONLY for consoles that fold up into a seat . This is not so stated on the Coverking website . I may return these as I am dissatisfied at the remaining `` bad '' leather in my car , although the seat looks much better now . Maybe I should have used an actual store .
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 I bought this gauge set to replace a very similar Equus 6100 set that I bought a year ago , for only one reason , it has red needles - at night I can not see the needles on the Equus set without my glasses.The Equus set is very slightly more expensive at $ 34 as compared to $ 30 , and has a nicer finish , a little better quality - both voltmeters `` under read '' by almost a volt , right out of the box , the SunPro has a calibration adjustment , the Equus does not.The SunPro uses non standard illumination lamps , so if one fails , you 'll either have to jury rig something , go back to SunPro directly for a replacement , or buy a new gauge set - the Equus uses off the shelf , baseless wedge lamps , available at your local auto parts store.The Equus comes with all the terminals and fittings you need to install , I had to provide my own ring terminals to connect the SunPro voltmeter , and it uses a archaic retaining bracket design , which after a few years , when the rubber grommets start to disentegrate will probably cause a short circuit and in my case , blow the cigarette lighter fuse -LRB- because that 's where I connected mine -RRB- , so be sure to connect yours to a fused circuit that is not critical to vehicle operation , such as perhaps the ignition circuit.So - a few minor irritants , a few design flaws - they work , they get the job done , I gave them three stars -LRB- an OK -RRB- , but oh how I wish Equus had a set with red needles.Quick update - further disappointment.The installation of these gauges was done during the daytime - and I was quite disappointed when I got into the car in the evening , the illumination from the non standard lamps was so mediocre that the gauges were unreadable with or without my glasses . I dug out my soldering iron , some heatshrink tubing and a couple of 12v 5w baseless wedge style lamps , and made my own much brighter , non standard lamps . SunPro 's `` engineers '' obviously do n't use these gauges in their own vehicles.I took off a star for that.Oh , how I wish Equus had a set with red needles.And another update ... Three weeks later the voltmeter is sticking - the needle only moves if I tap the glass with my finger - took off one more star for that - I may have to put back the Equus gauge set - because I 'm certainly NOT going to buy another SunPro set . The Equus that these replaced were about a year old , and I 've also had an Equus set in another one of my cars for many years with no problems whatsoever.Ohhhhh - how I wish Equus had set with red needles .
 looks more like a brushed aluminum . how ever the paint did not last after a few washes of the truck and a 2 months the paint is actually fading away .
 Works poorly on plastic . a b c d e f g h i j k l m m o p
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 At first sight , this is a great looking bag for your ATV , and it contains convenient storage . Do not attempt to put any ice in the cooler , otherwise it will melt and leak everywhere , it will not stay contained . My biggest complaint about this product is the quality of the tei down straps -- Every one of mine ripped in less than a 6 month period -- Or in about 3 to 4 3hour rides . For the price , it should have sustained the basic riding elements instead of falling apart . I have since thrown this in the trash . Unless there has been a change in stiching quality -- Beware !
 The usual disclaimer , this is my wife 's account but not her review.My brother and I both purchased this product . Mine started coming apart at the seams on the very first ride . By the third use , several of the straps had torn loose completely . Unlike the other reviewer who had similar issues , our ride was easy . Long , flat , level trail . Once we get to the technical outdoor area , I removed the bag . So this came apart in the easiest of conditions . My brother 's bag started ripping yesterday -LRB- probably the 4 ` th or 5 ` th ride of the summer . I liked the cooler , it 's the reason I bought this bag in the first place . I 'll probably buy a good quality bag and throw the cooler in there . So , if you want a very expensive cooler , this bag is for you . Otherwise , pass this one up .
 This is meant to be a scathing review ... the quality of this product is abysmal ! I went on a 3-day trail riding adventure , and this bag literally began to fail on day 1 . I noticed the material by one of the straps was torn on the first evening . About half-way through day 2 , a couple of straps had torn off completely , the padding on the bottom started to protrude , and the bag was shifting all over due to the torn material/strapping . -LRB- actually making the riding a bit dangerous -RRB- This was pretty aggressive trail riding being done , but none of the other four riders in my group were having any issues . The only thing that allowed me to get through my trip was the purchase of some high-quality bungee cords ... literally the entire bottom of the bag fell apart , so much so I could pull a water bottle through one of the rips.Complete product failure , absolute waste of money , the only positive is that I now own a couple of extra bungee cords , and the uselessness of this bag provided a lot of laughs from my fellow riders.Please do n't get burnt by this product like I have .
 I Really think this bag is complete junk . I filled the cooler with ice and cans and half way through the ride my butt was starting to get wet from the water in the cooler . The melted ice had leaked out , had to dump all the ice out so leaking would stop . Next thing i know is that my bag is hanging off the wheeler because the straps ripped out . Are you kidding me with this bag ... What a joke ...
 I purchased this product last year and after no more than four or five rides the mounting straps came apart . The stitching came undone on the straps that attach into the bag . The rides I have been on were nice , easy going flat trails so there was very little stress on the straps . The bad part is it came apart right after the one-year warranty expired so Quad Gear will not help and I know how little stress this bag was under . I would not recommend buying it unless you like to sew .
 Went to Coal Creek riding my ATV , bought this bag because of the cooler that was attached . Halfway through the trails the straps that hold the bag to the rack started ripping off . By the end of the day every stap was broken . I had to use 2 ratchet straps to hold it on . Do not by this bag . Sent this bag back and got money refunded .
 NOT HAPPY !!! I ordered 3 sets for my Can-Am UTV . I was sent 3 driver side . Can you believe that - useless.I had the UTV apart , so I had to go get stock brakes so I could ride . I could n't wait to returned the already opened boxed.Never mail ordere brakes again . NOT HAPPY !!
 I shpuld have shopped around more I found them cheaper locally after I had ordered ... price of convience I guess ...
 This item clearly states that it includes a roller fairlead , and the picture also shows it , however it does not . Amazon 's answer is to contact the manufacturer who says it does not include it . Buyers beware !
 I have carefully followed the programming instructions several times and ca n't get the remote to work with my 2006 Toyota Solara Convertible .
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 This locking fuel cap did not work well , the key would get stuck and not open the cap . I finally had to cut the cap off . Would never use again .
 This unit will pull about 5-10 feet . Then the strap on the drum jams against the frame . You now need to find a way to release the load so you can get the hoist out of the way . If you only have one lift point on the load you may be forced to cut the strap and let the load drop . The strap can be pulled tight with all of the strap off the drum . Doing this 5 times will give you the 25 feet.Do not use this unit in a critical rescue situation .
 As the other reviewer pointed out , the strap jams in the ratchet housing if more than about 12 ' of strap is wound up . This happened to me on the first use . It was apparent what the problem was , but I called the technical service number printed on the handle . They informed me you must not wind more than 10 ' of strap onto the windup drum . I pointed out that this is not stated anywhere in the instructions supplied with the tool . The solution is to follow the release under load directions , but add your own weight to the strap to pull it loose , one ratchet notch at a time . Clearly , there could be situations where this is dangerous , impossible or both . The tool will work , but the capacity and flexibility are clearly much less than the manufacturer implies.This is clearly a design defect , which the manufacturer knows about , but has neither corrected nor informed the unsuspecting buyer .
 Bought mine at Home Depot and it is going back . Pulls OK but wo n't release . I had to take it apart to release the strap . It came with no instructions . And apparently no web site . Find another brand .
 Ok , this switch is not the switch in the picture . I needed something that was a little higher than the backing I was mounting it on , and the picture shows that . Instead I got something that is useless to me . I could ' t find a way to directly contact the seller , so I am voicing my frustrations on here . Like many people building a project , everything is kind of important , this just wo n't work .
 this stuff works too well . a small amount got on the window seal and when i came out the next day i couldnt get the door open . i figured that it was a good thing meaning this stuff worked then it rained and the stuff turned green and crumbled off the car the next day
 This item is not the right replacement item for the main belt on a 2004 Mazda RX8 as recommended by the part finder . It is too short and not wide enough . Do n't buy this as a replacement belt for this car .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 After installing a pair of upper ball joints to the front of mt 93 Nissan pickup , I tried to grease them through the supplied fittings . Very little grease went in . There is something wrong internally that is not allowing the grease to flow and fill the boot .
 The mirror fits on the car perfectly , but the mirror itself does n't tilt up enough , the only thing i see out of my mirror is the road . The item seems to be made a good bit cheaper and does n't even come close to OEM .
 The bos does not stay standing up -LRB- as many reviews reported it -RRB- . It is not easy to keep it clean . We came back to a simple plastic bag that we trash everytime we stop .
 I should have read the fine print better . This product is labeled XL - but it should be labeled XS.it is not large at all . it works fine but it is not even close to the full volume on the inside that the outside view implies.If it was a $ 5 purchase I would not be bothered but at $ 16 it is a rip off .
 This is an okay waste container , but I found that it was not worth it to me to pay this much for something which has similar competition for less money . I bought it for two daughters as well as myself , and they were underwhelmed . It is good if you tend to toss wet trash in a waste recepticle and do n't want leakage , but beyond that it is not worth the price . It wo n't tip over , which is good , but I would hope that by the time someone is middle-aged like me , they would know how to handle garbage without making a huge mess in the car .
 I get a SPITLOAD of junk mail . I got this hoping it 'd hold a week 's worth of junk mail from my box at my condo association 's mail kiosk along with the occasional dead coffee mug or empty tissue holder.It anchors real good to the floor , but if I emptied one day 's junk mail into it , I could n't close the lid.Oh , well.Look , if you are really good about emptying the gunk out of your car * every bunch of errands you run , then this little doohickey is for you . If you 're a messy slob and dump half a cup of dead latte into your litter bag instead of emptying the mug into a gutter , than this doohickey is for you . * I * would be worried about the stink , even if it did n't leak into the car seat or the car rug.Otherwise , buy a nice soft squishable renewable components fair trade basket in a soft oval made in one of the countries in Afrida for the same price or a bit more , and know it 'll hold more and do you just fine . It is what it is . I repackaged it and will give it as a gift to a neater and somewhat more obsessively tidy friend . It 'll do the job for her , but it would n't for me .
 This product was bought to transport to other country and I 've not been able so far , because it 's a flammable product . I ca n't return it to Amazon either because of the same cause . So , I 've not proven it yet .
 I purchased the unit and although I am and electronics tech , found it difficult to use and not user friendly . I have reset and entered information every time I have bought fuel and it still is not close to being accurate . The MFG did answer calls with a real live person and did try to help solve the problems but stated it will get better accuracy with time . Time has not solved the problem . Jer in Texas
 I received it as a gift a few weeks ago , and am selling it again.There is no real benefit of having such a unit.First , the mounting is an issue as you have the cable running across your dashboard . Having a second plug on the right side is interfeering with gear shifting and whatever controls you have in your center console . It would be better to have a plug on the left side . Using the one in the back makes the cable run all across the dashboard , no thank you.Second , besides the tachometer -LRB- if you do n't have one -RRB- what data readout do you really need ? Really need ? Nothing , exactly . Codes can be red out by any Auto place for free , and what are you doing if your converter speed is at a certain speed ? Exactly , see what I mean ? Okay , volts maybe , but just maybe.The unit , sent back to ScanGauge for testing , does hardly come on by itself , so you do n't really know if any of the fuel/trip data is accurate . This makes it already questionable , and therefore I do not have any use for it.So , for us it is another item where we have to question its quality and reliability.Less than 1 month old , contact me if you want it . I take of 20 % right away .
 I hooked the unit up easily in my 2007 Accord in the late afternoon . It worked seamlessly , read connecting and then it connected . I then left my car and did n't return to it till the next morning . Needless to say , the battery was dead and the car would n't start . I disconnected the scangauge and got a boost from AAA . I returned the scangauge . This was about a month ago and my car has been starting up religiously without a problem since . I do n't know if the scangauge is incompatible with my particular car . I do know that I hooked it up correctly .
 This item 's description does not specify what vehicles it will and will not work with , it will not work with many vehicles . I happen to have 4 vehicles and it will only work with two of them . It does work fine with the ones that it will work with .
 I connected this unit and usedit for a 2 weeks . Then I took a trip of 550 miles round trip.With my vehicle set on cruise at 72 MPH the gauge was showing miles per gallon of from 8 to 14 . When arriving I filled up and computed the MPG using the trip gauge in my car and I averaged 36MPG . The same happened on the return trip . BAAD NEWS FOR ME >> >>
 I played around with the ScanGuage for about 2 months . To long to return the unit . The only thing this device is good for is to run my battery down , to the point my car will not start . The mfg will not even respond to my email .
 Mileage Indicator have been very old technology that came in stock -LRB- part of the speedometer -RRB- to many vehicles all the way back in the 1999 . Eg
 could not get product work with car burned out the unit try 2 different unit did the same thing contacted linear logic about it this is what they said `` Unfortunately , there are some 2005-2006 Hyundai Elantras that burn a capacitor in the ScanGaugeII . However , it is not all 05-06 Elantras , which has made it difficult for us to pinpoint what is causing the issue and provide a solution . We have had some customers that have the unit in their vehicle for months before the capacitor was blown , which has added more confusion to figuring out this problem . Unfortunately , your vehicle is not compatible with the ScanGaugeII . If you decide to keep the unit for use in another vehicle we can replace the circuit board for you free of charge . If you decide to return the unit and have any problems please let us know and we will refund your money . I apologize for any inconvenience . `` my car should of been on the not compatible list so if you have an 2005-2006 Hyundai Elantra avoid this product
 After helping a family member instal their gift for x-mas , I thought that this gauge looked a little cheap . . My thought was dead on . I 've been trying to get this thing to operate correctly , has a million useless features and the only one that we want to use does not function properly . . Here 's my take . Do n't waster your money ! I 've had broken calculators that work better than this . In fact , you would be better off counting rocks in your back yard to determine gas mileage.Check out the ultra gauge before buying this , I was enlightened to a much cheaper and better alternative only after sharing my horror story of the SG II .
 I have owned my ScanGauge II for almost a year now and overall it has functioned pretty much as advertised . I say `` almost '' because it had an initial problem with communicating with any vehicle I tried to scan . I sent an email to the company and received a reply within hours asking for an address they should ship the replacement to . They apparently had a bad batch and were very responsive in correcting the problem . The replacement has worked well , until recently . It has developed a problem with the average MPG and at times the display will indicate `` 9999 '' . I have also found that it will not communicate with another vehicle I own . As bad as these problems are , they are not the big problem I have run into . The support for these devices has apparently gone away . I have been attempting to contact the company for 3 weeks now and have received no response whatsoever . It is really disappointing to see a company that has a reasonably good product feel that it does not need to provide customer service . A year ago I would have recommended this device to anyone that asked . Today I would recommend that you stay clear of ANY product from Linear-Logic .
 Thought it would be useful but after one day of watching the display bounce around with the numbers , it really is n't very accurate . Even with the cruise control set , the `` miles per gallon '' jumped around so much , you find yourself watching the gauge instead of the road . The other thing that relly sould be noted is that the voltage showed 11.5 volts indicating possibly a dead battery cell . Since my battery was 3 + years old , I figured it was time for a new battery , thanks gauge . Well , before I took the plunge to buy a new battery , I checked it with my battery load tester and two other volt meters . The result was 13.2 volts on the volt meters and the battery passed the load test just fine . Therefore the ScanGauge II got the AXE -LRB- sent back -RRB- . Most of the info on the gauge is a duplicate of what is already available on the vehicle , and the accuracy is questionable .
 I was really excited to get this gadget . Unfortunately it did not work for me . When I tried to see the average MPG , the numbers being displayed every 2 seconds were absolutely random
 This little data logger was great while it was working . Everything you read from all the other reviewers is relevant . However , in my unfortunate case , the device died just outside of the 1 year manufacturer 's warranty . The screen lights up , but no data displays . I am not ready to stomach the price of another unit .
 Only partial information is displayed and just does not function with my 2001 Duramax LB7 . I tried customer support and they were very responsive but just could not make it work and all of a sudden they stopped communicating with me . I have seen this work on a Ford truck and it looked great , that 's why I bought it . Too bad .
 Bought his product in mid-December and hooked it up for a long winter vacation trip . Fast data rate does not work with my car -LRB- 2001 Ford Crown Victoria -RRB- , but Normal does , which updates about every two seconds.Setup is easy and installation with velcro strips easy and pretty secure on my dashboard . However , its performance and reliability leaves a lot to be desired.During our 6-day trip we had temperatures in the 5 - 15 F range and the Scangauge II was very unreliable until the car was warm inside . It would typically turn on when the car was started , but would report only one or two parameters out of four , and would turn off and on randomly . Only after about 10-20 minutes of driving , when the cabin was warm , did it work reliably . But then the measures were basically screwed up for the trip , in my opinion.Also , after an initial fill-up , I filled up the car again when we were down to a quarter tank , like the manual suggests . I then had to adjust the measure up to +19 % - i.e. the ScangaugeII reported figures that were almost 20 % off . At the next fillup , it was even more off , and had me adjust up to +25 % - which yielded completely unrealistic figures for the following 5-hour drive . Later , after another fill-up , I could adjust down again -LRB- you compare the amount of fuel the Scangauge thinks you used with what you actually used , which is evident when you fill up the tank -RRB- but of course , I do n't have much faith in it anymore.I will return it for a replacement and update this review , if I can , with my results.UPDATE -LRB- Feb 24th -RRB- : Got a new unit from Amazon -LRB- nice , fast and hassle-free -RRB- and mounted it in my car . It handles cold weather much better - no problems even at 35 below ! The manual only promises operating temperatures down to 20 below . This one also needed to be adjusted to the tune of +22 % after the first fill-up . However , now I have a new problem : Whenever I drive it randomly turns off after a while - typically around 15-20 minutes . I can turn it back on via the ` home ' button , but it stays on only for about 20 seconds and all the data for the gauges -LRB- rpm , intake air temp , coolant temp , and current MPG -RRB- are either zeroed or frozen at some prior value.I emailed Linear Logic about it and received the following reply : `` We have recently become aware of a problem with the ScanGaugeII connecting to some Ford vehicles . A small amount of ScanGaugeIIs have been rendered incompatible with Ford vehicles . We have developed a repair for the unit , but are backordered on replacement units and it could take some time to repair your ScanGaugeII . Please send the unit in to our repairs department at ... `` So now I am sending it in to see if I can finally get one that works ... Update -LRB- March 31st , 2009 -RRB- : I have now had my unit repaired , and am happy to report that it is working well . I have tested it on an 1800 mile drive , and it stayed on all the time and even appears to produce reasonably correct predictions of fuel economy . Had it worked like this the first time , I would probably have rated it 4 or 5 stars.A word of advice , however
 I 've purchased two of these . While they have a geek factor when you first get them , you soon learn they are not suitable for a warm car nor a cold one - the displays freeze up requiring them to be unplugged and replugged . Gets annoying after a few days . Also , the company does not respond to email about this or any other problems so if you wish to throw $ 160 out the window , by all means do so , but recognize you will get a quirky gadget that is almost never accurate -LRB- requires constant adjustment -RRB- , whose display and internals are not well suited for the automobile environment and where there is no customer support if something goes wrong .
 This item is very complicated to use and we found it was not worth the trouble . We were able to get our dealer to change the settings on the items we wanted with their own computer so returned this one .
 i had been researching different brands of products similar to this but this &#34; scan Gauge 2 &#34; seemed like the best buy.it worked great for the first 2 week it DID NOT TELL ME MY FUEL LEVEL like i had wanted only miles per trip meaning it restarts after you turn off your car . maybe i miss read somewhere thinking it would tell me differently . i read both good and bad reviews but the only one that i did not take to heart was the guy saying &#34; it turned on in the middle of the night and drained my battery &#34; this product is supposed to shut off when the car reaches 0 RPMS and most the time i believe it does shut off when it is supposed too but the few times it wont is not worth the risk to me . . i will continue to use it for long straight drives so i can have my miles per trip plus heat and speed .
 Upon first plug in , likely your reaction will be similar to mine
 After receiving my Scangauge , I installed it and was initially pleased with the information it provided . However , within days it began showing corrupted characters on the display and would n't store past data such as average fuel economy . Data started over each time I started my vehicle , if it could be read at all . None of the troubleshooting steps resolved the problem . Perhaps I received one of the `` bad '' batch described by another reviewer .
 I hate to write a review the same day that I receive a product because you never know how it will perform over time . However , I love this unit . After my first drive with it , I was in love . I just wish it was much bigger . I would LOVE to have it cover my speedometer so I could read the speed from this gauge . -LRB- I have a 2009 VW Beetle and the speedometer goes to 160 in 20 mph increments - like I 'm going to be driving over 100 -- ever . So the speeds are jammed together and its very difficult to tell where 45 or 55 is since 40 and 60 are right next to each other -RRB- If this gauge was say , 5 '' by 5 '' and I could make the MPH 2 '' tall , I would cover up my other gauges and use this ALL THE TIME . Even so it is fairly easy to read and updates quickly . I got for the MPG feature but have already gotten hooked on all the other features . If gives much more relevant info than the built-in gauges and I can set it for what I want to know , not what VW thinks I should know.You should at least try it , I think you 'll like it if the small screen does n't bother you . < UPDATE previously four stars - now one > Ok ... It worked great for four days and then it froze up . Could n't get it to work again . Unplugged it for two days , all it says is `` CONNECTING '' for ever and ever , amen . Fortunately , Amazon has a FANTASTIC return program and its on the way back . Thank you , Amazon .
 This product specifically says it works for All East Coast . But i ca n't fit my VA EZ pass in to this .
 Much too large ! We had to return it . Guardian Angels are to watch over you , not be in your face .
 I ordered the tank cover from Amazon and had to return it twice as both times they sent only the front half of cover . After second time I called customer sevice , who were helpfull and refunded my money but stated they could not correct the problem at the shipping facility . They said they would have to take down the listing however I see it 's still here . I also called CAMCO directly and they told me I should have been shipped 2 halves but it was Amazon 's repacking that was responsible.Amazon I love your service but let 's get it right with this or you will have a lot of unhappy campers .
 I take pride in my vanagon , the company who makes this mirror does not . it is cheap plastic and it is more cheap plastic . the reflective part of the mirror is compared to a mirror at a funhouse . i would only purchase this if i was selling my van .
 the joint is too loose , when i go over 30 mph , the wind pushes the mirror up against the car door
 I do n't like to re-do my work but in this case I think I will be replacing these rotors with something else . These were made in China and the casting is full of pin holes . The center of this was fully rusted in a very short time . The original rotors never got rusty in the center . I guess you get what you pay for . These are JUNK ! OH , and they were n't even the AIMCO brand that I received .
 low quality , you have to rewire it to make it work with stock toyota setup . vibrations make it hard to see out of since it does not hold still
 I bought this mustang gas cap at amazon.com they said it would fit my 2005 mustang and it did not . They have you type in what make model your car is but , when I recieved the gas cap it did not fit at all . When I returned the gas cap amazon said they would take it off the site .
 Amazon 's compatibility chart says it fits a 2004 Taurus . It does not . This appears to fit a three pin opening rather than the screw type it was replacing .
 Hi . We checked the product compatibility twice and this cap did not fit a 2005 Mercury Sable as advertised . It was a Ford Motorcraft product but at this point have no idea what to order . Should have just gone to Auto Zone ...
 I bought this as a replacement for my 2006 Mustang because the wrench light or &#34; limp home mode &#34; light came on and I knew the gas cap was a likely cause since it was not sealing correctly . Even though Amazon says this fits a 2006 Ford Mustang it does not . The threading is different and does not fit at all .
 Double-checked both on Ford 's website as well as here on Amazon prior to ordering -LRB- both claim it is compatible -RRB- , but this fuel cap does NOT fit my 2007 Mustang ! Too wide!FYI , I also ordered at my own risk -LRB- Amazon reported it would not fit -RRB- a Motorcraft FC1062 Fuel Tank Cap after reading a recommendation on a Mustang Forum , but it also did not fit my car -LRB- too narrow -RRB- . Had to return it .
 I ordered this Motorcraft Gas Cap for 2006 Ford Mustang GT and was shipped but not compatible or do not fit . On the return button or page , there is no option to exchange so was forced to return.No contact telephone for Customer Service of Amazon .
 i love k & n to death but they have to realize ford was being super dumb when when they came out with straght six and made it dual throottle body and when i asked if if it fit my truck it said yes , and forgot about dual throotle body . but just got ta buy the aitr charger instead . but did return giot money back so was happy and ill still by k & n shuld specify better
 There are no traditional raised white letters for easy identification of the fuse rating . You have to either know the color coding or hold the fuse at just the right angle to see the raised rating stamp . I gave them 2 stars because they seem to work fine .
 I used this a few times and it worked great . It jumped my Volvo quickly . However , after a month the lights that say how much power it has went out . Within 1 1/2 years it would n't hold a charge enough to jump a small car .
 I bought this and did not fully read the description so I did not know the compressor did not work . emailed the seller because they also forgot to send the charger with it and they told me that the compressor not working was in the description -LRB- it was -RRB- . So that was on me for not reading . But when I received the charger and plugged the Jump-start system in to charge it the Jump-Start system will not take a full charge .
 I bought this product from another company and it never worked . It did not have enough power to jump start a car . I would always have to use jumper cables . I was surprised , since Black & Decker has always been a good name . Do not buy this product .
 after 2 years it will not take a charge . The phone number on the label is no longer in service . Do not buy this product !
 This rebuilt motor assembly was dead on arrival . It did not operate and drew no current . The `` no current '' situation led me to believe something was wrong in the motor brushes . . probably new and not well seated . I used a bamboo toothpick through an opening in the case to rotate the motor a bit and then it operated . But it was making a noise that led me to suspect the rotor was hitting the magnets in the motor housing . Inspection revealed that the plate on the end of the motor which houses the brushes and the rear bearing was deformed as though it had been dropped on a concrete floor . The solder joints on the leads were also quite poor ; -LRB- not sure if that was a rebuilding fault or was always that way but should have been fixed -RRB- . I removed the wires and replaced them with the wires from my old unit that included the connector . I then loosened the motor screws and let the motor reposition itself . That helped some with the noise . Then I removed the rear motor plate and inspected the brush position on the commutator . That appeared to be ok . I saw no way to easily fix the badly pushed-in rear plate so I simply reinstalled it but allowed it to seek its own position . Do not do this if you do n't know how to get the brushes back up onto the commutator ! Anyway , I put it in my car and it is operating ok , but I question the quality of the rebuild . The damaged end plate should have been replaced and the unit should have been test operated for a few cycles .
 This product should be illegal . It does n't even give out light , There that poor . When you stand in front of the truck it looks good . But on a road with no lights . You ca n't even tell that you even have lights on . I switched back to my Slyvania Ultra stars . I will never buy anything from &#34; Streetglow &#34; ever again . Terrible product . It needs to be taken off of Amazon.They say that they are 100/80w bulbs . There more like 0/0 bulbs .
 Tailpipe came in 4 pieces with no clamps to connect them . The pipe did not match the original pipe in any way . The bend that goes over the axle was several inches too high , it will hit the underside of the truck . Each end of the pipe was way too long . I would have to cut several inches off each end . In conclusion this pipe was the correct general shape but would not fit without major alterations . I sent it back . End of story !
 Had these in for just a week , they looked great ! Until the driver 's side bulb blew up . I wore rubber gloves when handling and cleaned the bulbs with the provided wipes , so there is no reason this bulb should have blown .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 i was upset to find it did NOT come with a filter for the pump.learn from my mistake ...
 I found out the hard way that OEM in this case does not stand for Original Equipment Manufacturer , but rather Original Engine Management . The part is about as crappy as they come . Go to the dealer if you want the best parts . Some things are to important to save a few dollars on . Cut corners somewhere else .
 it took over a week past the due date to get this package to me . then i was told that because of my last review that i would be reinbrusted for the shipping in handeling charges but never received the reinbrustment .
 The sequel sticker will read
 JUST SPEND A LITTLE MORE MONEY AND BUY THE IRIDIUMS , TRUST ME . THESE ONLY LASTED ONE MONTH . THE IRIDIUMS LASTED OVER A YEAR
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 Was really bad shocks it 's like old shocks just painting luck like new ones but really bad qualityin my opinion never going to buy this kind of shocks i recommend not to buy anymore this kind of shocks.very frustrated about this and unhappy
 I took a gamble with an after-market part and LOST . The mirror does not sit flush against the car . As a result , air rushes in making a fantastic whistling noise . If I do n't get it repaired before it rains , I 'll have a soaking wet passenger seat . Do n't buy this mirror for a 2000 Camry !
 With paying $ 12 + in shipping i would of thought they wouldnt get it shipped within that week but i was wrong . i ordred this product on wednesday and it didnt even go out till the next monday . It would be diffrent but this is an important part for a car . I sent the seller an email -LRB- friday -RRB- asking when it would be sent out and i have yet to get a reply . the seller fails .
 Do n't be fooled by the photo for this product , it does not have the boot or bumper with it . It is still not a bad price but the photo is definitely misleading .
 I have been waiting for long time , but I steal do n't receve my goods . I would like to ride not wait ...
 bought these little over a year ago and they are all ready broke one lens cracked two weeks after I bought them other broke about a month ago
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 this item is not a light bar !!!!! even though the shipping weight says 90 lbs and will mount lights up to 6 '' ... this is the bracket that mounts it to the frame ... a total of 2 lbs ... GET THE DISCRIPTION RIGHT ... thanks for nothing
 Using the search tool provided by Amazon I selected the Year , Make and Model for the part I was searching for and found this part . When it came I painted it , removed the old mirror and my door panel only to discover that the plug on the new mirror -LRB- square , with five wires -RRB- will not fit my existing plug -LRB- flat with three wires -RRB- . I 'd painted the item first because I did n't want to remove and reinstall the door panel more than once . It such a pain to do , but now I 'm out nearly $ 45 which I can not recover.More product description detail is needed to identify the type of connector and the length of the wire .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 Ordered adash mat for a 94 olds cutlass ciera , received a dash mate for a 02-05 dodge ram truck , sent it back and reordered , received the same wrong mate a second time . But I must be living right . A week later the car was totaled . Do n't need it any more .
 I rated this product one star because there is no lower rating.Very poor fit and does not lay flat on my dash . If you are reading this review I would recomend that you choose another brand . I now have to waste my time sending this back .
 Was disappointed . Was not even close to the Ford Escape dash.Was 3 or 4 inches longer than dash . And design did not fitcontour of the dash or cutouts for ventilation . .
 I am not sure what car the mat they sent me was for but it was not for a 2002 tahoe . The picture leads you to believe that that you will be recieving a dash mat for a 2002 tahoe that is not the case . Returned the next day
 I received the wrong item and ca n't get a reply back or anything . This has been very frustraiting and a waiste of my time and money .
 Did not use this air filter ordered the wrong one . I 'm sure it would have been great . I have a K&N filter on all of my rides .
 Tried half of bottle & squeak sound still exist . Guess best way to re-surface disc instead of waste $ $ $ on this .
 The filter did not fit my car . The listing showed it was the correctfilter ... I 'm not sure why , because it was the wrong one formy Audi A4 .
 Once I installed this filter into my Audi A4 there was no noticeable difference in power and , for some reason , the tachometer started jumping around erratically -- small jumps , but enough to feel jerks in the car while cruising at about 30MPH . Because I had not done anything else to the car other than install this filter I decided to try a different filter , which I bought from Autozone -- the problem stopped . Strange problem that I ca n't figure out , but why try to figure it out ? Do n't get this filter and instead go to your local auto parts store and do n't even think about it .
 This does not fit an Audi TT Quattro 3.2 L as was advertised . Now I 'm at a $ 6 shipping loss and a waste of time for false advertisement . If you have the 3.2 L Audi TT , do n't waste your time unless you know how to build a custom airbox to hold this filter .
 This item was advertised as used , so after 6 days why has it not been shipped ? Probably because they do n't have one and are waiting for me to cancel the order . Disgusting service .
 Sediment and metal particles settle in the bottom of your drain pan and these kits ca n't siphon all that out . Most `` quickie-lube '' stations that pioneered this process have abandoned it because they were getting sued for damaging the engine.The right way to change your oil is to run your engine until hot and and drain from the bottom ; that does a much better job of removing the sludge .
 gimmick.There are a number of rerouting oil change kits available . Why subject your engine to serious damage and loss of oil with the addition of rubber hoses and hose clamps that may crack or fail ? The oil filter seals itself very well on most engines . While it can be a nuissance to remove on some vehicles , I would n't risk hose failure for a little convenience . On my Toyota truck I discovered reaching through the engine from the hood is the fastest way to get to the filter . I 'm not sure that many people even change their own oil . It 's cheaper to take it to the Toyota dealer , 29.95 and they even rotate the tires .
 The oil must be removed through the oil drain to properly evacuate the contaminated oil from the crank case . And the oil filter must be replaced to prevent contamination of the new oil.Maybe you 'll find this product wonderful and a cost-effective alternative , what do you do with the oil syphoned from the engine ? A small but important cost of the oil change at a garage is for disposal of the oil .
 I work in an auto shop and this thing is a joke ... . with the money that you pay for a filter and 5 + qts . of oil , you can get it done by a professional that will buy you a new engine if it blows up . Will this company stand by its product like that ? I doubt it ... For a few extra bucks you can get an oil flush if you 're worried about gunk ... It 's a scam ...
 The adapter that went where my filter used to be popped off today and I could have burned up my engine . I caught it right away and turned my engine off . I had too put my filter back at the factory position and walk to buy 5 quarts of oil . Now I will buy another adapter and try again . Also turning the filter off thre relocated mount went bad because the bracket was super thin and bent easily .
 You may have noticed that the seller does not mention any type of vans . Now I know why . I installed this on a Chevy Astro . The oil lines provided were only half the length I needed and there durability rating is high and expensive . So buying more hose with fittings brought the total cost with this kit to about $ 100 . After installing the kit I found the amount of oil I had to put in was now 6 qts -LRB- previously 5qts -RRB- . When I changed the oil the next time after pumping it out , it only took 5qts of oil -LRB- after starting the engine to fill the oil filter and hoses -RRB- . So that means there 's was still a quart of old oil left in it . The new oil color is a little brown . Also even though I had removed the oil filter adapter from the fire wall mounting bracket , turned it upside down to let the oil filter and hoses drain for 10 minutes , when I turned the assembly up so the oil filter opening would be facing up when I unscrewed it , the oil filter was still about 1/4 full of oil and a puddle was still sitting around the rim . So despite my best efforts to keep what I expected to be a small amount oil in the filter , thing still got messy only this time the mess is under the hood and on the driveway . Maybe next time I can improve on my technique to avoid the mess . I have the drain hose from the oil pan mounted so I pump it out from just under the passenger door . I think the last quart of old must be what is left in the oil filter lines . The oil lines connect vertically -LRB- upward -RRB- to the oil filter adapter on the engine and then curve around and up to where the fire wall bracket and oil filter is . The only solution to this that I can think of is to put `` T '' fittings and hoses at the bottom of the curve in the oil filter hoses . Maybe in my case crawling under the van is n't so bad after all ?
 Pretty much every negative review sums it up . This stuff does n't work.I 've done it twice now and it 's been a joke each time . The first time I figured I had n't followed the instructions . A few years later , I used it on another car and followed the directions to a T. Still , nothing.Based on the hot and cold reviews at both sides of the spectrum , I 'm going to venture that this stuff has ideal conditions for application , conditions that they do n't share . Perhaps it needs to be 75 degrees out , partially sunny , etc.Don ' t waste your money .
 After reading that a windshield could be repaired easily at home , I decided to give this a try on several very small dings in my windshield . Like other reviewers have stated , I followed the directions to the letter , and the resin completely failed to penetrate the dings and fill the cracks . While the resin did physically fill the holes , they are no less visible than before I `` repaired '' them . I would think that you 'd need significantly higher pressure to press the resin into the cracks . Do n't waste your money .
 First the steps are difficult for anyone who never did this before . Look for videos on internet that will help make the directions easier . But even at that , one instruction to empty all but 1/3 of a tiny opaque tube into the vacuum system is not possible . You have no reasonable way to measure or see that 1/3 . Its pure pot luck . A better approach would be two tubes , one with the correct amount of fluid for the vacuum and another for the second step . Another instruction for you to pick at the hole is not someone would not have knowledge to know if they were doing more damage that was already there.As well the product did not work . First it INCREASED the size of the small star cracks from the original problem . This I suspect was due to requiring vacuum pressure and more so a lot of human force to remove the vacuum system . Using a safetly razor is dangerous for the amount of pressure you need to get that vacuum system off the windshield.Second , the pit where the stone etched out a tiny hole would not hold the patch . Made three successive tries , but I suspect that once the first failed the only way to succeed again would be redo the entire process again but you can not as once the vacuum system is removed it can not be reapplied.We had optimal conditions . A garage to do the shade part and a perfectly sunny day to do the `` UV '' part.If you are environmentally conscious , the you are getting about two or three drops of fluid with a serious amount of waste from an vacuum injection system to paper . All of which may not work.Bottom line is this is not an easy do it yourself product and it will probably fail even if you follow every step carefully.Store owners who carry this , return it as it will only make your customers unhappy with you .
 I got a small , star crack in my windshield and figured if I could seal it in time it would not spread . This product was recommended to me and the salesman at the store said ... it is pretty easy , and works well , but make sure to follow the directions carefully . I must have read them 20 times ... so when I was on the step that involved sticking the adhesive ring on the windshield and pressing FIRMLY -LRB- directions read , `` firmly '' -RRB- , the crack spread in 3 separate places about 4 inches in each direction !! I did not even want to continue but I figure I already bought it to maybe it could at least fill in some of the crack . Moving on with the directions ... it said to injected the syringe and slowly push down ... while slowly pushing down the sticker made a loud POP noise and the resin dropped down . This product SEEMS like a good , preventative treatment , but it sucks and only makes it a lot worse ... and messy .
 I bought a 1993 Honda Civic and it already had a couple small chips where I believe it was shot with a BB gun possibly years earlier . I tried the kit , following the directions exactly . I wiped the surface clean with a paper towel , then the towelette , applied the adhesive disk , plungered the adhesive in , gently pressed outward on the windshield from inside , and let it sit overnight with the clear plastic over it . As one person mentioned , the adhesive disk did NOT stay , so I had to scrape adhesive off my windshield where it dried after wiping it up . And it made the chips slightly less noticeable , but it did n't fill them completely . About 2 months later -LRB- last Friday -RRB- I was driving and it was in the single digits outside . When I turned on the heat , one chip began to grow very quickly . If this product did n't exist , or I did n't try it , I would have probably ended up using something different that may have actually fixed my windshield , or gone to Safelite to have them repair the windshield . Instead , now my windshield has to be replaced at a cost of about $ 250 , which is the price on sale.I 'm very disappointed not because the kit did n't work , but because up until now , everything Permatex I 've used has worked well . Gloves , adhesives , etc have all worked very well . This was a big let down , and an expensive one at that .
 I am a retired ASE Master rated Auto body guy ... That said . I 'd steer clear of this product . Poor resultsdue to poor instructions in my opinion.Due to past experience I knew what to do to even get passableresults .1 . Clean out pit well !! 2 . Use a non-oil based solvent like 99 % Alcohol to pre-cleanglass area .3 . Retain a bit of resin for last step . They tell you in one stepto empty it into fitting , and then at the end ask you to place adrop into the pit prior to placing clear plastic on -LRB- my plasticwas amber -RRB- . Nice trick if you 've emptied the resin as directed.My final repair was marginal despite my training .
 Knowing what is required to repair a windshield , I was skeptical , but I thought I would give Permatex windshield repair kit a try . Do n't waste your money . Permatex makes excellent products , however this is not one of them . The seals blew out on both kits on a perfectly flat and clean windshield , spraying resin everywhere . Bulseyes are no better or worse .
 I would n't waste your time or money trying this product . It 's simply useless . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Silly me , I paid a higher price at a local NAPA store so that I could repair a chipped windshield today . The product does n't work , it made a mess , and now I do n't have the product to return to get my money back . I think I 'm more irritated at being ripped off by this company than I am at having a chipped windshield . This product is garbage , it does n't work .
 Read all the reviews and chose the permatex old style with the clear suction cup and what does this seller do he sends me a single use non clear suction cup . What a joke seller 's like this just piss me off ! What a wanker ! Rip off ! You are responsible for the listing and the delivery of the item in the listing not some other item donkey boy . Do n't buy from J & aB tool sales , what a tool !
 This kit does not work . The resin does not penetrate into cracks or nicks . The resin will come out of the sides and get all over the windshield . It seeps under the adhesive but does n't go into the crack . There is insufficient resin - and it all winds up everywhere but inside of repair . I followed the instructions to the letter - this kit does not work . You ca n't get a seal over the repair with the tools provided and the resin does not penetrate into the damaged area , it all comes out the sides because there is no seal . In order for this to work , you would need to have a good seal over the ding or crack , and the materials in this kit do not provide that . You 'd probably need to be able to open the crack as well - nothing in the kit allows you to do that . Do n't buy this kit , I tried it twice , I followed the instructions , and have a pretty good understanding as to exactly why this product does not work .
 I used a similar product several years ago that I bought in the auto dept. of K-mart and it worked very very well . This stuff is not the same at all . For one thing , it never hardened , ran all down the glass , and certainly did not fix the ding in the windshield . I bought two of these and they both did the same thing ... believe me , I followed the directions to the letter.Don ' t waste a penny on this crap .
 Bullseye Winshield Repair is worthless . It did n't repair anything . In fact by the time I was finished wasting near an hour of my life I was left with a bigger problem than I started with.DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT . I had a star crack smaller than a dime when I started . I followed all the instructions thoroughly . I even enjoyed watching the product fizz and bubble for a couple minutes from inside the car during the process.After it was all complete and it came time to remove the adhesive I was shocked to find the once small star crack had spread to over two inches which will now most likely cause me to replace my entire windshield . I will admit it worked on a small fraction of the crack but the problem it caused was far worse . I ca n't see where they come off stating the product will leave a crack virtually undetectable.If I would have read all the reveiws on this product before going to the local automotive store I would have never purchased this product to begin with.My loss and hopefully your gain if you read this reveiw .
 I used this product to try to repair a 1 inch star crack on my windshield caused by a small rock . After carefully following the instructions , the crack did look slightly less noticible but was far from repaired . I thought the cosmetic issue was not a big deal since the crack was away from my line of sight . As long as the product reinforced the crack so it did not grow larger I would have considered it a success . Unfortunately , this was not the case . The crack proceeded to grow into a long crack over a foot long over the course of less than a week.I ended up calling a mobile glass repair service that said they could repair a long crack for $ 78 . When the auto glass specialist looked at it , they told me they could not fix it because I had already tried to use this product and the integrity of the window was compromised in the process . I ended up paying over $ 400 to replace my windshield . My advise if you have a crack in your window would be to call a professional immediately . If I had let someone else do this instead of using this product the crack could have been fixed for less than $ 30 by a specialist . If you consider the cost of this item plus the time it takes to apply it , why would anyone want to do this themselves ?
 This was a waste of money , after reading and re-reading the instructions and thewn having my wife read and re-read the instructions we tried to implement the fix , we had the vehicle in a shaded area , followed the instruction sheet step-by-step , after the appropriate time we put the vehicle in the sunlight for the recommended timeframe and still it did not adequately fill the star in the windshield , I recommend that you just take it to the repair shop and let them repair it professionally ...
 This is a parallel flow A/C condenser -LRB- the type you want when upgrading your system to R134a freon -RRB- for '83 to ' 87 / '91 fullsize , old body style Chevy trucks . I ordered this to install on my '85 Chevy C20 pickup and had 2 issues :1 . The width of the core is only 25 1/4 '' , about 2 1/2 '' less than the stock condenser . I looked at another parallel flow condenser for ' 83 - ' 87 -LRB- ' 91 -RRB- fullsize Chevys and it was the same width , so I went ahead and tried installing it . However , this means that you need to modify one of the lower mounts to install this . I managed this by grinding the tabs off one mount and screwing it down into the radiator support .2 . After I got it mounted , I found out that the upper flare fitting was slightly larger than the original , so I could n't connect the hose running to the compressor . Every time I tried to screw the fitting on , it would bind up and feel like it was stripping or just pop off the threads . I checked it with a digital caliper and found it was more than 1/16 '' larger than the original.I ended up returning this and bought another from Napa Auto Parts -LRB- not a parallel flow since I could n't find one w/o having to pay shipping -RRB- . I usually buy AC Delco because you 'd expect a company that made many of the original parts from my truck would make parts that actually fit , so I was thoroughly disappointed with this part . I also had another issue with the AC Delco compressor -LRB- HR6 style - part # 1520275 -RRB-
 Unfortunately the one I got was defective . Very noisy and you could n't adjust the speed . I wish Amazone would check it out before sending it .
 This fan was used one time . I tried to plug it in the other day and it would not work.It also did not oscillate correctly and now I have to spend more money to send it back to the manufacturer for the limited 90 day warranty.SAVE YOUR MONEY - DO NOT BUY THIS ONE
 Although the clip has a strong and sturdy grip , the fan itself did next to nothing to bring any cooling comfort into the vehicle . It was VERY disappointing and made me even more determined to finally throw down the money to fix the broken A/C in my car .
 This was a very poor choice in a car fan for me . It only has one speed that really does n't blow very hard and finding a place to clip it is very difficult . It has a very strong clamp and it will leave terrible indentations if you do n't do something like place a towel between the surface and the clamp.After about 6 weeks it quit working . The wires in the plug had disconnected . Looked like they were never very well connected in the first place . Rather than return it after 6 weeks of occasional use , I just decided that this was a learning experience and I will never purchase from this manufacturer again .
 I thought this fan was great for about 30 seconds . This fan is so floppy and cheap and it can barely ocelate on its own . The cord is sooooooo thin and within 2 days the cord became unattached from the outlet connection so now it is just junk . Spend a little more to actually enjoy some air flow !
 I am not sure what I will get when it arrives , Drivers side ? , Passengers side ? , Folding or not?I want the drivers side mirror , but the product description says this is the passenger side.Also it says this IS a folding mirror , but the product description says this mirror does not fold.I guess I will find out what I ordered when I finally get it ??? I give this negative 4 stars because of the contradicting poorly written product description.Maybe I am weird or something , but when I shop for parts for my cars I like to know that I am ordering the correct part.P.S . the price is good so 1 star for that : -RRB-
 I just installed 4 kyb shocks on my 4runner , so thought this might be ok.Unlike the shocks I installed , KYB is not stamped on this steering damper.Only the box says KYB . The instructions do not say KYB . I ran the numbers stampedon this steering damper through google , and did n't come up with anything to make me believe thisdamper is made by KYB . If it was made by KYB , they 're cetainly not too proud of it.Price was ok so I 'll eventually try it , not worth the hassle of sending it back . I would not have bought this if I could have seen it first .
 My worn out stabilizer felt better . The pushrod that goes in and out the cylinder does n't even have any boot or protection for dirt . It started to rust 1 month after installation .
 You will see this remote for sale on various sites on the internet . It is cheaply made and does not stand up under normal use . The one I purchased was chrome plated plastic like the one pictured . It is made from very thin plastic and within one year the entire chrome plating was worn off under normal use . Just after one year the plastic loop that the key ring attaches too wore off completely hence no way to attach keys . The soft button area that has all the controls , press this a little to hard and the entire button area caves in , as mine did . So in less than two years this remote is completely unusable whereas the original remote lasted over 10 years and was stolen but still worked well . I plan to replace this with a good used Infiniti remote or a new OEM remote .
 Followed the directions exactly . Gave a full 24 hours to cure . Tested it after a light snowfall . Did n't fix anything . I would think the Permatex brand would put a quality product out . A waste of time and hard earned money . This rating system wo n't allow for zero stars , but that 's what I give it !!
 I did all the steps as described and I do n't even live in a harsh environment ... . Broke again after 4 months . Poor choice on my part .
 The paint does not adhere to the glass and drops off when removing the mask even after thorough cleaning of the glass . One star is too high for getting ripped off .
 May be OK for repair . I was trying to replace my long dead defogger grid , and the paint pops off as the masking is lifted . Expensive learning lesson .
 This product -LRB- SM5346 -RRB- is a steel mount with no rubber bushings , not the mount KIT for Ford Probe GT or any other car . Does not look anything like the picture . I think the correct part is SM 5308 , but not sure . Amazon 's parts finder says NO for 5308 and Yes for 5346 . Had to return it .
 I went to a store close by and I got a better one at 1/2 price and it did n't take a week to get here ... . it was n't worth the money or the time spent waiting ...
 This is an inexpensive shifter made in China . I am going to refurbish my old Spark-o-matic from the 60s rather than use it . It is not as rugged as I had hoped .
 I was looking for a inexpensive and easy fix to the side mirror on my 1999 buick regal . Researched and found on Anazon just an mirror face and ordered it . I would not recommend this fix for a heated mirror as mine was . A heated mirror has a liquid inside of it to conduct the current for heating and can be damaging to the paint and is almost impossible to remove the old mirror face without splashing the car , it will make ugly spots on a light colored car . If the mirror is unheated it works much betted . Heated mirrorshave a layer of clear glass on the outside and a hard plastic band around to seal in the liquid for heating and are very hard to disassemble for repair . Recommend for unheatedbut not for heated . Hope this helps .
 mirror came today , and it does not fit inside the rim of the existing mirror but sits on the rim of the original , leaving a space between the two mirrors.It comes with 2 self adhesive strips , but they are not thick enough to bridge the gap between the two mirrors.Useless!Found out that the heated mirrors I have are 1/8th '' smaller than these -LRB- why would any car maker do this !!! -RRB- Insanity on Buicks part.Got the correct one , and fits perfectly .
 you can find them at autozone for $ 8 each . its too expensive here . qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq
 Thought this would add a little detail under the hood . Before I even installed it silver paint is chipped off . Also , I 'm not to sure about it being grooved on the inside . I 'm thinking that coolant will sludge up in it over time . Will not fit 97 ' Jeep Cherokee 4.0 L. I spent hours working with it . I even bent up the metal on top to radiator so it would fit . Never could get it to seal . Horrible design . Got one side to seal good enough . Then the hose clamp jumped out of it 's notch and ripped right through the plastic cuff . The only metal is the hose . The cuffs at the ends are a very cheap plastic and they break very easily . Reccomend not buying .
 Took mirror to auto shop to have my broken one replaced with this one , and I am extremely disappointed . The mirror is distorted , ca n't drive this way , everything looks fuzzy . Paid $ 20 to have it done and it 's a total sham !!!
 The pictures of this carrier is very deceiving . We thought it was a billet piece and it was tubing welded together and then chromed.It did arrive in a Honda box and was a Honda piece but it had no hardware and did n't fit the Honda backrest and mounting brackets that were on our VTX 1300 . There were no installation instructions letting us know what brackets they were designed for.Not only that , but it took more than 2 weeks for us to receive our product . We were getting ready to take a long ride and we did n't get the product in time . Now I 'm afraid that we are going to have to pay a restocking fee to get the right bracket . If there had been more information available , we may have been able to make a much wiser decision .
 Purchased this knob to put in a Tiptronic B5 Audi S4 . I should 've known better than to settle for a cheap , eBay-looking piece of gaudy tinsel that claims to be &#34; universal . &#34; However , I had been searching the web for days trying to find a suitable replacement and this one seemed halfway decent.Shipping was good , the package came on the estimated delivery date so no complaints there . But the positives end with that because this product does not work with my shift lever setup . However , I 'M NOT RATING IT BASED ON ITS LACK OF FUNCTIONALITY AND USABILITY because I realize now that I should 've done more research before buying this . When pressed , the button on the Audi 's knob actually PULLS UP a lever , allowing the shifter to move . This Spectre knob only works if the button on your shift knob actually PUSHES DOWN to engage . The Spectre knob 's chrome button on the top is only an independent spring-loaded cap , so it was n't going to be able to reproduce the button action on my car 's OEM knob . Like I said , I should 've done more research , but hey - the product is advertised as UNIVERSAL.Soooo , I give this product ** TWO STARS ** based on the following and on the fact that I just ca n't find anything good about itCONS : - While solid-feeling and weighted ok , the knob finds a way to both look and feel cheap and tacky . It is very &#34; chromed-out . &#34; MUCH shinier than it looks in the product pic so beware that it 'll probably make your car 's interior look worse . - Claims to be a universal knob , but it 's not . However , it 's ultimately up to the buyer to figure that out . - Plastic packaging was scratched , faded and worn . It looked like it had been sitting in the bottom of a box in an abandoned parts warehouse for ten years . Very unprofessional . - The included grub screws were very poorly made . The threads were coarse and it took about ten minutes just to get two of the screws in . -LRB- They do provide a little allen key though ... that 's nice -RRB- - Despite the fact that this was one feature I never would have used or cared about , in the little package of colored rubber rings -LRB- swappable blue , yellow and red -RRB- they totally shorted me a blue one ! I only got two!PROS
 Glass quality is subpar and has a slight bevel to it causing the outer edges of the mirror to appear warped . Should have just replaced my entire assembly with factory parts . Guess for the price I paid it will make due !
 This thing has one strap , near the top . Nothing else is there to hold the cushion to the seat at the junction of the back and seat , or the front edge . I used a web strap to attach the cushion at the joint , and an old pair of suspenders to grab the front edge and keep it from just sticking straight out from the seat . It still moves , if I do n't hold on to it as I get in or out , but that goes with the design . Do n't bother .
 This is a plea to Amazon and sellers thereof.Some or most of your products are seriously underdescribe and lack specifications therefore customers are mislead and decieved into purchaseing . Bought this set of spark plugs for my 2001 honda crv . They certainly do not fit . the ad.mention that it fits honda etc. . Apparently they only fits hondas of the 80s
 I am unimpressed with this item . Once installed , they look nice and perform their function , but installation was a pain . It was not possible for me to get the latches and posts to line up using the factory holes , so I had to drill additional holes in each fender to make everything line up . The included hardware for attaching the posts uses a large , cumbersome square piece in place of a simple nut and washer for underneath the flare . Because the piece is so large , I could n't get it to lay flush against the fender so the posts stood at an angle making it impossible to fit them in the latch . I had to replace included hardware with nuts and washers I picked up at the local Home Depot . Finally , once everything was installed , to get the hood to close you now have to set it down on the posts and manually move each post to fit into the latches . Overall , I like the way it looks but the installation and function makes it not worth the pain .
 Looking for hitch cover for my Chevy truck , 87 % off -LRB- $ 79 for $ 12 -RRB- for a billeted aluminium Chevy Bowtie . Beautiful in appearence , metal 2 '' bar to screw onto the billeted aluminium bowtie . -LRB- RIGHT -RRB- The screws appeared to not even be for this hitch . Any , even slow attempt to thread the screws in the pre-tapped aluminium caused it to cross thread -LRB- metal filings -RRB- . After much patience , i got the 4 screws to barely grab . Looked good in the hitch until 2 weeks later when the dealer washed my truck -LRB- pads that rub the body -RRB- and gone was the Chevy Bowtie -LRB- only thing left was the 2 '' metal bar with 4 screws barely sticking out -RRB- . I had contacted the maker when i originally received this item and no response to my email . Contacted Amazon when i first got it -LRB- sharing my feelings -RRB- and again once after i lost it . Amazon is sending me another eventually . I hope i just got a bad one . PS - i paid under $ 12 for the original -LRB- i thought a deal -RRB- , when i lost it a replacement was $ 28.00 + and now the Bowtie goes for $ 57.00 +
 I have never ever been sold just the inner part of a taper roller bearing !! Why have I been sold just the inner race which I thought was a fair price but now I have to source the outer cup separately making the deal quite a lot more . I ordered the inner wheel bearings for my RV at the same time and they have not arrived yt - I guess that will only be part of the bearing too.I will never buy from Amazon again .
 This filter did NOT FIT my 2010 Focus SEL as you stated in your sales pitch . This was a lie , a waste of my money and time !
 I am not happy at all . it bent after the first use and will not lock now . I am not stupid and I know how to use this product . STAY AWAY !!!
 Sticks on the tire valve . The pressure needle drops off half the time , so you do not know the tire pressure , then other times it works and keeps the reading until you use the release button . This is the cheapest junk I have ever bought
 I purchased this after my nephew ran over my old one . This one does not seem made very well . The dial on the inside is crooked and the button to release the air is in an awkward place . It was a disappointment .
 This is the second Accu-Gauge tire pressure gauge I have purchased . The first had very good accuracy and lasted about 3 years . This one , when compared to three other digital gauges , always shows about 3-4 lbs . less pressure .
 The tire gauge is nice and seems constructed well ; flexible hosing , easy pressure release button . But it seemed to read low and after testing with three other types of tire gauges -LRB- electronic , standard piston-type , professional bicycle pump -RRB- which all read between 35-37 psi , this one read 28psi , even after checking a number of times to ensure I had a good seal . Have not yet contacted manufacturer since even under warranty , shipping and return shipping would cost $ 6 for a $ 10 item .
 I bought one of these several years ago , expecting reliability and accuracy . I got neither . The first one failed after 2-3 years , it was replaced by the company , although I paid shipping . The second unit failed after 2 years , giving erratic readings , with a dial indicator that wo n't zero . Totally untrustworthy .
 All the 5 stars reviews from 4 customers are fake and their reviews are totally false.However , I brought the door handle for my 96 model Toyota Camry from amazon and after installed it by a motor mechanics which cost me 40 bucks.After 2 weeks , the door handle 's became loose , I could n't open my car 's door and I took it to my mechanics again , he told me that door handle is out of order and he advised me to by another one.Beware customer
 with this item i was dissapointed , u must read the discription carefully because the pictured item is not what you receive . the inlet is not centered as in the picture but offset as it says in the description which isnt that much of a problem but can potentially cause too much stress on ur pipe or hangers if ur set up is made for a centered inlet . this just taught me to always pay attention to the little stuff . and that ppl will just take a random picture of a simmilar product and put it on alot of different products . hope this helps .
 Not much better than ordinary Windex . If you really want no streaks on your windshield , get a real automotive glass cleaner like Armorall , RainX , or Invisible Glass .
 Cons
 way too narrow to be effective for its stated purpose . flimsy and skimpy . not worth the money at all . do n't waste yours
 The product comes without instructions and the contours of the product do not match up correctly with the contours of the Jeep body making the doors a little bit more difficult to close . In the end , it was n't what I was looking for .
 only installs one way , still does n't conform to the actual shape of the door frame . better than nothing , that 's about it .
 bought the wrong stuff and just put aside , of no use !!! Did not take a good look on it before purchase .
 Dont buy these , get another brand that will actually fit your jeep . Mine look terrible and I would remove them but the 3M tape that sticks them to the entry lip is too strong to not rip up the jeep a bit when taking them off . I 'm stuck with them ... not cool .
 I have two electronic air pressure gauges that I have no confidence in because they appear to be flimsy and were manufactured in China . I was told by several sources that the line of mechanical gauges from the GH Meiser company are accurate , well constructed , and produced in the USA . I ordered the Accu-Gage 0-100 lb dial gauge with bleeder hose , and the first thing I saw when it arrived was MADE IN CHINA !! I will never use this thing on anything high pressure , or an application where accuracy may be critical .
 I 've had other Accu-Gage tire gages all high quality and made in USA and have been very pleased with them . Now they are made in China and the quality of the materials is typical Chinese junk . Other reviews here say it 's made in the USA , but sadly no longer . G H Meiser must have hired a new MBA to run their company .
 I 've had the gauge a couple years and thought it was working well . One day I checked my car tire pressure and the gauge indicated the pressure in all tires was in the mid 40s -LRB- should be low 30s -RRB- ! I figured a mechanic had over inflated them , so I let some air out . Several weeks later my mechanic checked my pressure and said my tires were under very underinflated -LRB- mid 20s -RRB- and he filled them . When I got home , I checked again . Sure enough it read in the mid 40s . I checked against another gauge and which read in the mid 30s - which is what the mechanic set them to . Bottom line
 My tires require 85 PSI so I needed a new 0-100 PSI gauge . This item is described as 0 - 100 but the item they sent me is a 0 - 60 PSI gauge . Interestingly , the label affixed to the back of the package , says 0-100 , but the gauge face tops out at 60 . I 'm sending it back - frustrated at the waste of time and effort .
 Well it shipped on time which was nice . But didnt even get close to fitting . Now its partially my fault for not checking that my muffler was 2.25 '' dual in and 3.00 '' center out , but I feel that Amazon shouldnt have put `` Direct Fit for your vehicle '' when only the measurements of the inlet and outlet fit .
 I really liked the way this hitch cover looks - the face plate is very nicely painted and all parts are made of very nice , heavy metal . The problem is there is no way to join the face plate with the hitch mount ! There were holes drilled in the hitch mount and screws provided , they just forgot to drill and tap the holes in the back of the face plate - there was only one hole completed . I thought this was an error so I returned the first one as an exchange for another one . Nope , the second one was the same way . I even wrote a note to Amazon to let them know , but sure enough I ended up returning the second one too for my money back . I normally do n't say this , but `` DO N'T BUY THIS - YOU WILL JUST BE RETURNING IT !! '' I ca n't imagine anyone selling something this messed up without a way to take feedback to make sure this does n't happen again . If it was made correctly , I would have kept it . It is as simple as that .
 The original mirrors on my '94 Jeep Wrangler would not stay in place anymore . We had to re-adjust them every time we shut the doors . I spent some time looking for replacement mirrors and found these . I paid $ 86.72 , with shipping , and they are no better than my old mirrors . Every time we close the doors the mirrors need re-adjusting . I have tightened the set screws so tight they wo n't tighten anymore . I 'm going to put my old , original , mirrors back on . I do n't know how these mirrors got the great reviews . I could understand if I got one defective mirror but not two . So I have to believe they are all that way . I would recommend to everybody to not buy these mirrors .
 I finally took a business trip and was excited to use this gadget . But when I tried charging my laptop while ont he plane it did not work . The inverter was rusted inside where the usb and plug connects . The light turns on telling me that it is receiving power but my laptop was not getting any . Because it had passed the refund period I was out of $ 35 .
 This should come with an bungee string because the regular string does n't keep it cinched well enough around the tire , also the string holding clamp mechanism is small and cheap and it was already broken when I received the item so I had to pull the string out and insert a long bungee cord through the hole so it will stay on the tire now .
 Several parts arrived in used condition ... Some of these parts had dirt in the threads while other parts had been previously installed on a vehicle ... I wo n't purchase auto parts from Amazon again ...
 The item I purchased was advertised as an OEM direct replacement . The item that I recieved did not have all of the necesary components to function as a direct replacement.The orignial mirror is manually adjustable by means of a short metal rod attached to the backside of the mirror itself , extending into the passenger compartment . The replacement mirror is missing this linkage system altogether leaving no means of adjusting the mirrors position.In addition , once the interior trim components are installed it becomes obvious to anyone that there is something missing where there was once a knob protruding into the cabin .
 The description was confusing . I though I was buying an inner tube for a 13 '' tire . The G/GR 15 TR13 might be industry identification , but there should be an explanation somewhere in the item description . I tried twice to buy an inner tube from Amazon and got the wrong thing twice . I ended up buying new tubeless tires .
 It is a quality product , but the size is not the best for pool , floating or snow use . When inflated , the full circle is about 25 inches across with the tube itself only 5 inches wide and the middle opening about 15 inches . A good tube for water or snow should be a much fatter tube with a smaller inner opening . I am sure it is fine for use inside a tire . The inside opening is much too large to hold all but the largest adult and the volume of air will not support an adult.For water or snow , get a tube that will be more the shape of a doughnut - this is closer to a bicycle tire tube or a 1920 's Model T tire
 If I was 6 , these might be good to go down the river in . Age 37 = Worst tubing trip ever . However , I was happy that it did n't tear on the rocks . It took a lot of abuse since the river was so this year .
 These inner tubes are large enough for children , maybe up to age 10 . We were disappointed in how small they are .
 I should have read the details better . The `` shock-proof '' material is `` plastic '' . Every time I use it , I 'm afraid of breaking the plastic tip . Better values at your local auto supply store .
 We have a calibration standard for checking tire pressure gauges at work . I found this gauge to read 2.5 PSI higher than the standard at 40 PSI . Lower readings were closer . Higher readings were worse . This unit is flimsy and rather delicate . To get the tire gauge I needed , I wound up paying more than double the price of this unit . So , perhaps my expectations were set too high .
 I had purchased a lesser expensive Slime pump and when it had broken down after 6 months of use , I wrote an E-mail to Slime explaining my frustration with it 's poor quality . God bless Slime 's costumer service , they gave me no hassles and sent me an upgraded pump in the mail as a free replacement.It was bigger and looked sturdier . After two months of rare usage , this thing breaks down . The frame starts twisting with each pumping action and eventually one of the spring pins broke out of it 's slot . Now it takes about 5-10 minutes to pump a tire.I would not recommend this product , nor any other Slime product for that matter . For a good reason why Slime products break down in such a short period , check the sticker underneath the product
 Used this pump twice and when I needed to pump up a low tire on our car the plastic nozzle snapped making it useless . It just cracked in half . No real force but just borke . What was angering is that I had used the pump only once before -LRB- to pump a wheelbarrow tire -RRB- the past summer and this was only the second time I went to use it and it failed basically letting most of the air out of the tire of the car before I could pry the broken valve assemvly off the valve stem . So i had to make a quick trip to the gas station to fill it back up before I ran into trouble . I would SOOOOOO like to get my money back but I bought this at Home Depot over the summer.Its a pice of junk so dont waste your money . Even the rubber feet all fell off as soon as I took it out of the packaging . I had to glue these back on just so I wouldnt loose them.Sad quality pump so much so i was infuriated . Heavy duty pump yeah right ?
 its something fun to have . When offroading , it bounces around a ton and the numbers/lines stop far before you get close to flipping -LRB- at least in my jeep -RRB- . Also , this whole unit swivels on the stand it comes with , so if you touch it , the fore/aft zero is thrown off . which is fine if you 're driving to the mall . But not out in the sticks where you 're almost never on level ground . Basically , this is something cool to look at . It does n't do anything for offroading though , I took mine off after a couple trips to Mt.Ranier .
 I wanted to replace my old and rather flaky foot pump and as my rear drivers side tire had developed an annoyingly slow slow leak I went looking for a more powerful foot pump . The Slime looked like the business and was one of the few twin cylinder pumps available in the US . I read the previous review about the connector , I use foot pumps a lot and I was sure I could get it to work.Sadly I was wrong , I had to pump up a flat last week and despite trying many many times , attaching , unattaching and re-attaching the connector I just could not get any air to go into the tire.Also the connector fits so tightly it is extremely difficult to get on and off , this makes me worry about damaging the tire valve . I hate to give such a bad review to any product and I was very hopefiul about the product and perhaps I just had a bad sample but I would not reccomend this product .
 As the other two posters have mentioned , the connector is really badly designed . Basically the stem is too short so that you have to fight to get the connector onto the valve . For some reason you also have to fight to get the wretched thing off . Having managed to connect it , then you need to apply your full weight -LRB- in my case 155 pounds -RRB- to inflate the tire - which happens at a snail 's pace . All in all I 'm not impressed . I 've used foot pumps for over 15 years and I 've never had so much trouble - even from the cheap $ 6 pumps . True they only last a year , but I 'd expect something much better for a $ 30 pump .
 Did n't work , it was if i was spraying alcohol . As soon as i would spay it the product would evaporate on the surface . paint came right off of it just the same as if i was n't using it . Another sales gimmick that does not work
 Do n't know if the fault lies with Amazon or the Seller but although I was assured by Amazon 's `` This product fits '' my application it did NOT in fact fit . Way off and of course I was I outside of my 30 day return period as the shipping on my rotors was delayed and did not try and install these pads until 37 days after placing an order . : -LRB- I would ' t trust the fit application -LRB- verify the part numbers for your vehicle elsewhere -RRB- but if you must trust Amazon 's fit be sure and check the fit within 30 days to avoid being stuck with brake pads you ca n't use . -LRB- I ended up going with a pair of ceramic brake pads from Autozone that cost about 40 % the cost of these -RRB-
 This worked . Once and only once.When I first got it , it worked decently well at pumping up my car tires . I then stored it in my car in case of emergencies.Then came the emergency . I pulled out the trusty little pump to fill a very slow tire leak and lo and behold the entire plug completely falls apart when I plugged it into the lighter . I was left high and dry and wasted half an hour of changing my tire instead of a simple 5 minute pump and driving one mile to my local tire shop.What a waste of money .
 As other reviewers have noted , the cigarette lighter plug supplied with this unit is , to put it charitably , fragile . It shattered the first time I attempted to pull it out of the socket . Fortunately , I had other compatible plugs handy that were n't needed for other devices , so I soldered the 12V leads from the compressor into a new plug . Now it works fine.OK , it 's noisy and slow , but for a cheap unit , it seems to pump effectively . With it , I can refill the spare tire on my Prius , which requires 50 psi . All small pumps take a while to fill a tire , but using this unit is a lot easier than delivering 100 strokes with a hand pump .
 This product says `` 10A '' for current , and the fuse for my lighter is indeed 10A , but it burned my fuse !!! So I had to run to Autozone to get new fuse for my lighter.I do n't know if it would be better switching to a 15A fuse for the lighter , but I do n't want to try . I 'll just throw away this pump ...
 The name Slime is quite appropriate . This piece of something worked to fill my bike tires once , then the cigarette lighter plug fractured ; I replaced that and it worked twice more ; now it wo n't get over 40 pounds no matter how long it runs . It does get hot enough to burn your hand , though , so it could be used for a heater up north.My suggestion
 This product was defective . It did not work , right out of the box . I plugged it in and it did not turn on . I tried several times . It did come on for a split second on one of the subsequent attempts , but would not start again . Not sure what the problem was , so it was returned and the purchase price was refunded .
 I bought this at Target for $ 15.49 Used it 6 times in cold weather -LRB- 10-15 degrees F -RRB- . Filling up a tire takes 10 minutes.It started to smell like oil and then the motor started turning very fast and it no longer generated any pressure.I do n't care that it is very loud and vibrates across the ground.But it should last longer than 6 uses.I returned it . Save your money .
 This is not a air compressor for regular use . I got it with the expectation of being able to more easily maintain optimum pressure in my vehicle tires by filling them at home rather than relying on using the gas station air pump . It takes about one minute per PSI to add air to my tires with this compressor . I have never attempted to inflate from total flat but I do n't think that would be a likely scenario since if a tire was totally flat it would need a change . I have used this to add air when my tires are at 27 or 28 PSI to bring them up to spec 'd 32 PSI . It takes one full minute to add one PSI of pressure to a tire . Versus about 5 seconds using a large compressor at a filling station.After adding 3 PSI each to all 4 tires -LRB- about 15 total minutes -RRB- this thing was so hot I could not even pick it up . I do n't think it will survive prolonged use.I will not be using this for routine maintenance any more . This will be in my car for emergency purposes only .
 You feel that you can handle certain emergencies because this little compressor is in the trunk . However , if you think it can help you in an emergency , your odds of success are worse than in Vegas . This product can be truly dangerous because it can leave the tire with less air than when you started.I had used the unit only a few times in the previous year to add a little air to the tires to keep them at prescribed levels . Today , however , something unusual happened . The tire was initially at 30 psi , but I wanted to increase pressure to 35 psi for optimal gas mileage . I connected the unit and turned it on expecting the tire pressure to increase . The tire pressure began to decrease instead ! Three minutes later the tire pressure was down to 24 psi.After turning the unit off yet leaving the air hose connected , it became obvious that something was wrong within the compressor . You could hear a hissing sound within the compressor when it was off . The sound continued until the compressor hose was disconnected from the tire . This was the telltale sign that air was leaking out from within this little compressor . Now the tire pressure was worse than when I started.At least this happened while I could still drive to a station and fill the tire with a standard compressor . What if you were changing a flat tire and needed to add some air to your car 's spare tire ? Could you rely on this unit to help you ? Buy this compressor only if you 're ready to roll the dice!Update : After opening the cover of the unit , the problem was immediately obvious . The hose had come off the pump because it had no hose clamp on it . Instead of applying a metal hose clamp , they wrapped a plastic cable tie around the hose . It did not work to secure the connection because the plastic cable tie can slide down the hose easily . The design could have been improved by adding a metal hose clamp to prevent the hose from popping off under pressure .
 I ordered a buull bar for a friends truck for christmas and according to the description on the internet it would work for this chevy 2500 HD truck we recieved it hopeing to put them on the truck and suprise it would n't work !!!! We contacted westin thinking it was the brakets that we could replace and it was n't the gentlemen told us it was actually the wrong part number . So we called to Amazon to see what they could do for us and they told us to package and ship it back write in the comment area what was wrong and they would exchange it . So the following day 01/14/2010 I contacted to see what item was shipped . It was the same exact thing and so I called again and the guy at customer service said there was nothing he could do we would have to wait for the next to come and return it as well . this is not even fair one tells you one thing and the other another . I will return the next one for a full refund and perchase from westin form now on I did not like the service we got . Never again will I use this .
 I Ordered this for a 1982 Suzuki Swtft GTI and now I went to install it , wrong parts ! Now it 's too late to return it .
 This filter is supposed to have a check valve to prevent the oil from draining back into the crankcase . On the filter that I purchased , the valve does n't seem to be working as the oil level is way above the full mark when cold . I know the oil level is at the correct level because when I warm the engine and let the oil settle for a short period it is at the correct full mark . I feel confident that the filter is letting the oil flow as the engine is not clattering , but with the check valve not working I am concerned about if it is filtering correctly.I will replace this filter soon , but it will be purchased from somewhere else .
 The deflector was not the right part for my car and had to be returned .
 * I received it faster than promised -- Very nice . * Fit guide on Amazon site said this pan fit a 1970 Blazer K5 307CI , but it did not . * Pan 's oil baffle interfered with oil pump pickup , and it needed to be modified , by cutting out 3/8 of an inch of excess baffle . * Different slope on pan interfered with frame , and it needed to be modified . * Drain plug had a very loose fit and leaked , and it was replaced . * Different radius on timing chain -LRB- front -RRB- end of pan . This just requires the newer -LRB- post 1975 ? -RRB- `` thin '' oil pan gasket , but this was not communicated , so the oil pan gasket designed for this vehicle will not work . * This Blazer has had oil pans in the past , and none had theses problems , so pans that fit do exist . * I made the mistake of saving $ 20 and paid with hours of extra work and a substandard result . * This pan may work for other applications . Measure and compare to the old pan before installing ! The difference may look very subtle , but make sure it will not interfere .
 The picture makes the bezel look silver and it 's not . Ca n't ch age it either . Amazon did the right thing and gave me my money back though .
 I got sold the hype to and bought enough RP for 4 oil changes in my 2006 Lincoln Town Car . There was absolutely no difference in gas mileage and what may be perceived as a boost in horsepower is the fact the RP is a racing oil that was never intended for daily use according to my mechanic who works on some of the most exotic cars ever built . So because I was foolish enough to switch from Mobil 1 to RP mu motor now has internal noises and a clatter that was never present before . That has now improved since switching back to Mobil 1 but do n't by this garbage unless you 're doing some competitive racing . There is may excel but I would never put this in any daily driver . And BTW ... , I have n't spoken to a single mechanic who endorses this oil , STAY AWAY FROM IT !
 This is not a real motor oil . It is refined vegetable oil.This is a type 2 or 3 `` synthetic '' oilI was very disappointed when I put this in all 4 of my vehicles , and very soon after -LRB- about 5,000 miles or so -RRB- they all developed leaks . The shop that put it in all of my cars has been in business more than 35 years and are going strong on the corner of the 101 and vista way in Oceanside , Ca . The owner was shocked and told me that i was n't the only customer with these kind of complaints , and stated that other customers were burning oil when they never had a problem before . so most people try this stuff and love it right away , and then go out to make a review before they see the problems . Much like a full tank of gas seems to make a car run better in ones mind -LRB- or a clean car -RRB- these do n't have anything to do with a vehicle running . This oil is nothing more than refined and dyed vegetable oil . This oil will shorten the life of any motor and it burns off or creates leaks because of its structure.More than being a huge money maker for the team who markets it as a high performance product , this oil will soon find itself as part of a class action lawsuit . Read the forums online and you will see for yourself . Mechanics will tell you the same thing - stay away from this product and be careful when buying `` synthetic '' type 2 and 3 oils
 Received without damage to headlight cover 's bars , but was obviously a cheaper option to go to . The welded bars to ring on cover is barely keeping bars on . And the holes for the screws are only on point for two of the three positions . The bottom hole is off to left and too far forward for it to screw in at all . So i just left it unscrewed like that for a few weeks before it got to me that it just does n't appear complete . So after making sure that my headlights were n't too far out and securely set in , i pushed the closest i could get it to the spot . Then it bent and cracked off . Thats when i saw how barely the parts were welded to the ring . Sadly disappointed but , you get what you pay for i guess .
 Unfortunately the item and description WILL NOT fit TJ Jeeps without welding on new screw holes to fit the holes on the headlight of your jeep .
 this is the worst experience . My first shipment was a broken bulb . Seller sent new one right away . Which was good . At the tiime i bought them my car was in body shop getting repaired which was delayed a month getting back to me so it was 60 days by the time i could install these new bulbs . i was so excited to put them in . to my dismay they didnt fire up . i have to keep turning the bulbs on and off for them to finally work . i contacted seller and they dont want to help me at all and dont want to hear i just installed them . here is the email from them . `` Thanks for contacting us . I just looked at your order and I see that you purchased the OEM white box . Those lights have been discontinued for awhile and the warranty on those were only good for 30 days . Please check our Amazon store for the newer versions . '' Do you really think i would buy from this seller again !!!!!!!!!!!!!! no way . i am just warning you that this company doesnt stand behind the product they sell . They sell this oem junk that didnt make it to packaging at the warehouse for a reason . -LRB- they are faulty !!!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB- . do not buy from this seller .
 This mat , while it is made of nice quality carpet and is bound on the edges , does not fit my Yukon 2nd row seats well at all . It is simply a rectangular piece that should be 3 '' longer on each end to reach the door sill , which is the area that gets the dirtiest !
 This is a great idea and would be a good product if it held air pressure and did n't leak . Unfortunately , it leaked as soon as I installed it and would have drained the spare tire in short order . Leakage was from the cap end -LRB- the end farthest from the valve stem -RRB- . Ca n't recommend .
 I ordered two valve extenders , one of which leaks . Very disappointing - to have to do the install process twice in a difficult to reach location - for a device that 's supposed to save trouble .
 I bought two of these . One was for my car and the other was for my truck . I installed one on my car first . I kept an eye on it for a few weeks and all was fine . I installed the other one on my truck and the spare was flat the next day . Checking with some soapy water , I found a leak at the fitting that threads on to the tire valve right where the crimped piece is connected to the knurled piece . I wo n't bother getting anymore of these in the future .
 Ok product , with two major shortfalls relative to the GTS style :1 -RRB- you have to drill holes in the underside front lip of the hood to mount it which start a corrosion path for your hood to rust out2 -RRB- the directions SUCK ... they call out the wrong size drill bit - good thing I was paying attention
 I live in New-England , so snow and salted roads are inevitable . I 've had the bumper since July and it 's already starting to rust and pit ! Luckily the good people at Amazon have sent me a new one -LRB- 3 yr warranty -RRB- However , i am worried about it rusting again . be cautious when considering this product ...
 This bumper installed easily enough but was not an exact fit . I had to remove two diagonal supports that went from the frame of the vehicle to the ends of the bumper . This replacement bumper had no way of utilizing them . Now rust . The first year I had to de-rust the bumper twice , then I waxed it which seemed to help a little . The second year the rust started pitting the chrome ... more cleaning and waxing was needed . The third year I gave up and now at 4 years it looks 20 years old . The front bumper is the orginal and still looks less than a year old . The warranty is only 3 years and now I have no recourse . I wish I had returned it under warranty a couple years ago .
 I ordered this item without the information that tells you that it requires a full Ranco suspension system . It DOES NOT SAY THIS in the description . I had to pay to return the item and it has been over a month and still have not got a confirmation on it returned for a refund !
 This is the second Ford logo license plate frame I 've purchased . I thought the problem we had with the first one was a once-in-a-life-time problem . I was wrong ... it happened a second time after only a couple of weeks . The small Ford logo button or plates come off and , obviously , they are lost along the road somewhere . And , again , it looks tacky having one logo button missing .
 Buyer Beware ! The product description for this item is very misleading , as is the picture shown . This is not , in fact , a seat cover that allows you to use your console , but a SOLID BENCH cover . I have tried for several weeks to exchange this item , but it seems that it is always after business hours at this seller 's location , and messages left on the answering machine as well as via e-mail are ignored . If you do want a solid bench seat cover , however , this item looks good , and seems like a good quality buy .
 Not what I expected.This bumper was rusting 3 months after I purchased first salt to hit the road . I waxed and cleaned like crazy and could n't stop it.now 1 year since purchase and I hate to see another winter with it.Not recommended .
 This mat , while it is made of nice quality carpet and is bound on the edges , does not fit my Yukon 2nd row seats well at all . It is simply a rectangular piece that should be 3 '' longer on each end to reach the door sill , which is the area that gets the dirtiest !
 This mat , while it is made of nice quality carpet and is bound on the edges , does not fit my Yukon 2nd row seats well at all . It is simply a rectangular piece that should be 3 '' longer on each end to reach the door sill , which is the area that gets the dirtiest !
 I ordered the Dorman 520-627 and 520-628 upper control arms for my 96 accord because on amazon they are half the price autozone charges , and the boots on my old control arms were starting to crack . overall , they are decent control arms - they do what they are designed to do , but do feel a bit cheap out of the package . however , one thing that really taught me a lesson was how my original control arms had two perpendicular holes for the cotter pin , giving you two ways to fit the pin through easily . the Dorman control arms I received only have one hole going straight back to where knuckle is , which makes inserting the cotter pin nearly impossible without managing to rotate the ball joint along the y-axis . Also , on the left control arm , the rubber base of the ball joint did not seat flush to the knuckle , even though I torqued it to spec . unfortunately , I chose to ignore this and get an alignment because of some other work I was doing on the suspension at the same time , only to notice a clunking sound from the control arm when driving over bumps . I went back , rotated the ball joint , and then was almost able to seat it flush , just a tiny tiny bit off . the noise disappeared and a new cotter pin was easier to put in , but I was none too happy about this issue . camber is static on my car , but not if you are installing something that does n't seat properly . I ca n't help but wonder if the alignment is slightly off now . if you buy these arms , be prepared to tweak them a bit - they are n't cheap for no reason . I will probably look into buying a higher quality product the next time I find myself doing this kind of replacement .
 A nice reach and good for scraping most but hard ice that is too much for the plastic edge . The removable squeegee is far too stiff , cleans poorly and does n't conform to curved surfaces .
 For whatever reason , this stuff was n't the oxidation miracle I was hoping for . I did n't throw the easiest job in the world at it -- granted . I was trying to improve the appearance of an older oxidized black car roof . I went over it about 6 times as directed with TR3 and appearance was only moderately improved.Even the final finish on areas of the paint that were in good shape did n't have the glossy sheen I was hoping for when finished.I 've had much better luck with Turtle Wax Color Back on oxidation than this product -- and I do n't think anyone hails that as a top-shelf solution.In general I simply was n't impressed . I guess it works a little -- or maybe it works really well on new car finishes that are in very good shape . Kind of do n't know why I did n't have the same great experience as everyone else ...
 This is a product , which , when I have purchased from a reputable seller , is a good product . Amazon.com , who shipped this in a leaky , damaged manner from some point to another , now says this item is non-returnable ? It arrived in a plastic bag inside its original box , upon which it had OBVIOUSLY already leaked , and that plastic bag in a box had been placed in another box , and then smells up/shows up on my door stinking to high heaven . What do you MEAN I ca n't return it ? I want my money back . I would like someone to investigate this . How is it that PRIOR to my seeing or touching this item , it had already leaked ? How is it that there was apparently nothing in the BAG BUT LEAKY bottles of TR3 ? Who repackaged this ? Why try and pass it off on me ? I have a long purchase history with Amazon , and I have only returned one other item , and that was a problem , as well.Nice way to do business ... sell a product that you do n't even protect in it 's original shipment , let it arrive SOMEwhere in a damaged , leaky , smelly condition . Then , bag it up , place it in its ` leaked upon ' box , and now place THAT box in a hastily taped up box , and send it on . Now , when I go online to get my money back , there is no recourse . Really classy . Not conforming to the contract of the purchase agreement , and , in that sense , a breach of the contract . Naturally , I will be copying this REVIEW , and placing it into an email to all of my friends , and family members - in the interest of spreading the good word about Amazon.Ired in Albuquerque , Gerald Warren
 After reading numerous satisfied reviews , I decided to go with Blue Magic TR-3 . My car had been heavily oxidized , especially the hood which had been replaced after an accident.I applied this to the hood , carefully rubbed it off , but nothing visible seemed to happen.I tried this application for several times but to no avail.Personally , I would prefer conventional wax -LRB- Turtle wax , etc -RRB- over this product .
 do not buy this form AutoPartsWAY they sent me a incomplete set and it is not working very good they did not want to help me at all bad service bad product
 I got this control arm from Rock Auto and put it on my 1996 Accord Lx . It did fit however there were two problems with it . 1 . The hole for the cotter pin was drilled way to low . When I torqued the castle nut to 29 foot pounds the hole was completely clear of the hole in the stud for the cotter pin . I had to use 2 m10 washers to make it fit . # 2 the damn cotter pin that came with it did n't fit . It would go in but just would n't go in all the way . So I ended up having to make a trip to autozone to buy some washers and an assortment pack of cotter pins . Pretty lame design if you ask me . I would just buy a more expensive one that actually works better seeing as you 'll have to buy extra stuff anyways .
 Application
 This item does not fit a 1984 MB 300D , the bushings end is too wide to fit into the frame . Order the FEQ instead
 The bung itself was stainless steel , but the plug was neither stainless or inverted hex as pictured - instead it was just a regular hex head .
 I 'm not a difficult person to please . But when I buy an auto part and the part does n't match the picture -LRB- and there is no statement to that effect -RRB- , that is an instant one-star review . As another reviewer pointed out , this comes with a hex head plug , NOT the allen shown . That little detail cost me half an hour of fussing.Really guys , it 's not that hard . Make sure what you 're selling is accurately depicted .
 Looks like a good product but , for some reason , this is only for the clamps . No crossbars are included . I returned product .
 I expected the crossbars with the clamps but only got the clamps . Be careful , I can not even find the racks on Amazon .
 The drivers side is ok , but the passenger side slides about two inches forward and back . I can not find a way to keep it still , so have to take it out . Was annoying and potentially dangerous as people got out .
 This Product the puller sleaves are to small to allow the Hold down band to fit over it . I had to grind down my puller to make it fit and work , this is not good cause now I 'm stuck with a tool I ca n't return as a defect . I had no choice I work in a auto shop and the job needed to get done .
 I got these for the back two seats of my 2012 Chevy Equinox . They did n't protect nearly enough of the floor , and there is no grips on the bottom of them , so they just slide around.Save your money and just get weather-techs . I got the front and rear seat weather techs and loved them.Pros.-Look CoolCons.-Didn ' t protect nearly enough of my floor-No grips , they slid around while driving even
 Similar to the front seat floor mats recommended , these are lightweight and not really akin to heavy duty use .
 This ball joint is the right part number . . But the boot seal that came with it is too small . . Ca n't force it past a certain point , wo n't seal all the way down . . Would not buy again . .
 Cover does n't fit . Recessed area where differential gear is supposed to lie in was making contact with gear . Installed it and everything seemed to be fine , no leaks or anything . After driving it and inspecting it the next day noticed it was leaking a lot , did n't have time to mess with it so I let it sit until the weekend , -LRB- all the fluid leaked out -RRB- . Upon removing and inspecting it the gear was eating into the metal of the cover , I had metal flakes all in the differential that needed to be flushed out . Re-installed the original and had no problems .
 Le compre 2 unidades , de las cuales me llego una pieza da & ntilde ; ada y la otra pieza no llego , me enviaron un tubo de aluminio , le envie un correo y no me han respondido , no recomiendo que compre a amazon.com tengan cuidado .
 Please do not waste your money on this helmet , it sits high on your head and looks huge ... the helmet too bulky ... I 'll add one more thing ; -LRB- the size not fit me at all , its too big , I used to take XL from all other brand but not that one.RegardsGhassan
 Caught too much air under the sides , putting strain on the strap , and therefore my neck.The strap is awkwardly positioned pretty far back on the helmet , making the strap ride on the throat instead of under the chin.Not comfortable at all , I gave mine to a buddy , who does n't wear it either after the first ride with it on.Get a skull cap , these are n't good at all.They look goofy as well , due to the overhang of the sides . Makes the helmet look huge and your head look small . Pretty goofy .
 The helmet is really nice looking . The only problem is that no matter who we had try it on , it sits so high when worn that it looks totally goofy , so we are just going to put it on display and forget about wearing it . That is disappointing .
 I purchased this helmet and upon receiving it found that it did n't fit . It has so much padding that it did n't even go halfway down my forehead ! It looks so silly and would do me absolutely no good in protection when on the road . I had gotten a Large and I am usually a M-L . Also , now I have to pay to ship it back to the seller . Will not be doing business with them or Amazon for helmets again .
 I went on the sellers website and used their measuring chart which said I was a medium . However , when I received the helmet it was too small and sat way too high on my head . I plan to return the helmet and have since purchased one somewhere else , and I AM a size medium , I just think their sizes run small .
 I purchased this helmet simply because it said it was DOT approved . Well I am in the military and any helmet I wear is subject to inspection by Base Police , hence how I found out that this helmet was not DOT Approved as the title says it is . I was stuck spending more money on another helmet just to be able to get the bike of base . DO NOT BUY THIS FALSELY ADVERTISED PRODUCT . Save your self the headache and just go to your local motorcycle shop and see if they can order you a DOT Approved German Style Helmet .
 I am sorry , but a company with a name like Iron Horse should not be selling crap from China . This exact helmet can be found by street vendors , vendors at motorcycle shows , etc. . Not too many good products come out of China and this is one that does n't make the list . Vendors who sell these pay less than $ 10 a piece for them in bulk . This is n't an `` Iron Horse '' product .
 Product ok and will give you the look you want -LRB- little bulky -RRB- . BUT ... beware , the sizes are off from what Jafrum advertises . I bought a XXL and it fit more like a Large . Per the size chart I was on the high end of an XL and the low end of an XXL . I bought the XXL to be safe . STILL WAS TOO SMALL ! If you can find the right size , it 's a cheap helmet . Hopefully you wont have a problem , because Jafrum 's customer service is VERY poor . When I called about the size problem I was told it was a generic chart that works for most people . I told them that I measured the inside of the helmet and it was way off . They just made excuses and answered in nothing but generalities . They offered NO resolution other than me having to prepay to ship this back . THEY WILL NOT PROVIDE A RETURN SHIPPING LABEL ! I asked if they had another helmet in this style , possibly by another manufacturer that would fit correctly and I was told the CSR did n't know and did not want to help me get a replacement at all.Overall ... Product ok , but the size chart is off . If you are going to buy any gear ... Jafrum is not the easiest to deal with .
 Get this helmet if you want to look like lord helmet in spaceballs . NOT DOT APPROVED . Just a sticker .
 This thing is HUGE !!! If thats what you 're looking for then here it is , but if you 're looking for the coolness of a german army helmet this is not it !
 My boyfriend order this helmet despite reading the many horrible reviews about it . When he tried it on he looked like he belonged on the special bus . People please do n't ignore these reviews unless you like the retard look .
 get this helmet if you want to look like a meathead mongoloid its hillarious , its a novelty helmet to hang up some-where not to wear
 If you really want to see how ridiculous you could possibly look definitely buy this helmet and stare at yourself in the mirror.maybe ill save it for halloween when i dress up like a dumb-ass .
 l order 2 items l only receve 1 item l did send an e-mail to the company jafrum international and tell them my item code-115matt l did not get it but l receve my item code-sb1pu very fast l order on2007/07/03 they said that was ship on 7/3 and that take 7-21 days to get it but still did not get anything yet l like to solve this problem but jafrum do not cooperate with me this is my first time l order from amazon if l do not get this problem solve that will be the last time and l will go back to e-baythanks in advanceItem Code-115Matt : Matt Black DOT Approved German Style Motorcycle Helmet
 My husband wears XL , reviews said it runs small so I ordered a XXL , it fit like a large , sets very high on head , runs very small . Wasted a lot of money on shipping .
 When I saw this helmet , goggle and face mask combo I thought they would be great . When I received them I found the goggles were cheaply made face mask was nothing more than a cheap rag and as far as the helmet goes . This helmet catches air when your riding and chokes you . When the helmet is n't choking you from all the drag it 's blowing back like its going to come off . The chin straps are horribly placed and the helmet does n't sit down on your head far enough . As poorly as this helmet is built there is no way it would help or be safe in a crash . I would n't recommend this helmet to my worst enemy .
 Multiply your head by minimum 2.5 and that is the final look you will be having.German helmets are supposed to look classic and mean but this makes you look like a soccer mum wanting to be bad ! The helmet comes in great finish and look really good on a desk , not on your head though . much larger looking than the original Harley Davidson Helmets .
 I was hoping to get a decent helmet for the bike . But I felt like I was from Mars ... returned it the next day .
 This helmet looks like it was an ode to space balls . Wow it is dumb . I hate it and will never wear it unless I want to look like a huge poser .
 From the reviews and description this seemed to be a different helmet form the `` Made in China '' one offered by most vendors . Do not be fooled . It is exactly the same and it gives you 100 % mushroom look . Returned it .
 This is the most stupid looking helmet . It sits high on your head . All of the posts about this thing looking like the Spaceballs helmet are true . Do not buy ! I am returning mine .
 works great around town but on the highway at 65 + it lifts BAD and when that happens it chokes me ... i adjusted and adjusted trying to get highway speeds comfortable but couldnt , so its an around town helmet and thats about it . I put a speed clip on mine so that i didnt have to mess with the D-rings made it so much better ... !!! Update !!! i thought i had it adjusted perfect at about 70mph on the second leg of my trip for the second time that day it tryed to choke me out again -LRB- i was really mad -RRB- so if you want one theres one in a ditch somewhere in oklahoma !!!
 Please do not waste your money on this helmet , it sits high on your head and looks huge ... if you really want a german motorcycle helmet , you have to get a novelty one -LRB- non-dot -RRB- ... Jafrum was great about getting the helmet out to me way before the estimated date , the helmet is the problem , just too bulky ...
 These fit in our 2006 Jeep Liberty very well but they are too strong for just the glass window . The amount of force that it takes to close the window is too much for that angle . I am 6 ' 2 '' and found it very difficult to close the window . After they were installed I had my wife , it is her car , try to close it and she just barely was able to close it . I would not recommend these for the Jeep Liberty .
 While shipping and ordering were fine , the entire gas arm is about an inch shorter than OEM for my 2003 Jeep Liberty so it wo n't open the rear glass all the way , leaving it still at forehead-cracking level . On top of that , the gas arms are so strong that we are afraid that the glass will crack under the pressure -LRB- plus my wife had to use all of her weight to get the glass closed . It scared us so much that we are removing them and going to buy actual OEM from the dealer instead .
 it was fine when it was working but about 3 months down the road , after I installed it and it made it through the winter , one part got to hot and melted the outer jacket that protects the rest of the LEDs ... that happened because during shipping from wherever to my house , it got three kinks in it ... I made sure it worked before I put them on and I always did walk a rounds my truck looking for burnt out lights/dim lights ... then one night , it just was off and it was smelling something awful ... I thought it was my truck at first , because of the type of smell ... but come to find out , that at one of the kinks , it melted through ... when i installed it , I did my best to make sure it was straight but I guess it was n't straight enough , the product worked , but shipping had something to do with it or maybe when it was getting put in the container ... it is kind of a large cylinder ... not sure what else gets shipped like this ... but I do n't think I would buy from this seller again just because when I got it , it looked like it was already used and handled with no care at all ... just my thoughts ... : -RRB-
 This is a LED tailgate light bar and every website that sells this product says it is a custom fit for trucks and jeeps and even says for the year jeep i own and that is not true at all . The light bar is too big and wired wrong to fit the jeeps.UpdateUPDATE ... i have alot of same problems as others and water got into the tube AND IT SAYS IN A GARAGE and my jeep still does n't have 6000 miles on it yet and the screws that came with the unit -LRB- which should be screws for a vehicle which would be an exterior screw -RRB- are ALL RUSTED ON A NEW JEEP THAT HAS N'T BEEN DRIVEN MORE THEN 6000 MILES AND IS GARAGE KEPT . JUNK
 The product took 4-5 days to get here and it did not fit my 95 acura integra.The hole mounts are incorrect . Mine are 9 or 7.5 inches and the kit fan was 10 3/8 inches.Those dimensions are for the top of the radiator . Amazon said this was anexact fit and they are incorrect .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 when i purchased this the product description said it was an access roll up tonneau cover . i ordered it and i got a bag of brackets and the bag was ripped open . i called amazon and they assured me that this was a mistake and they would make sure i got a tonneau cover and not brackets . well the second order came and guess what more brackets !
 As I stated , this thing is overpriced plastic . For $ 300 I would have expected it to be more stout . A msrp of $ 125 would have made more sense . I liken the plastic more to a little tikes toy than automobile grade plastic . If I did n't already drill holes in it to attach D rings for tie downs , I 'd return it . I ca n't believe it does n't at least have tie down anchor points . For $ 300 I expect more.While it locks , I have little faith in it . I doubt this thing would last up against a claw hammer , much less a crow bar . If the vehicle is stolen they 'll get in it anyway . If it is a break in grab and go , it may detere as they 'd have to get out , pop the rear open , and break into the thing increasing exposure time . That is IF they see it to begin with.The `` black '' was more a dark gray than the black that my vehicle 's interior plastic is . Luckily I have the black mat that came with the vehicle to lay over the top.The inside has little spaces where small items fall . For instance , it came with a bolt and two washers . I presume there was actually two bolts but do n't know because I ca n't seem to shake out whatever is rattleing around in there . It would have been nice to 1 to have them in a baggy or at least taped to the side so that they were n't loose within the thing while being shipped , and 2 how about an explaination for where the hell they go . I could n't see where to put them . Hell , they were probably dropped in there , and left by a lazy shop person who was tasked with putting the carpet covered plywood on the top.I almost went with the better built , but it was a little too small . Now I wish I would have either bought that one , saved for the $ 900 option , or built my own , which will happen when it is n't as hot outside . It will due for now.To sum it up , it does what it 's supposed to by way of keeping things out of sight , locked , and stored away . -LRB- just more expensively than it should be -RRB- While I have little faith in the lock , it 'll keep the kids out . Thieves will get in with not too much effort .
 While I did receive a Monster Energy sticker kit , it is not the same as the one in the picture . The one I received only has 12 stickers on it , and their sizes differ from those in the picture . For the purpose i needed these stickers for , the ones received will not fit , and I am greatly disappointed . I 'm sure I can have them replaced but I needed them for this weekend.The quality looks great as expected , and the shipping was real fast , but they sent the wrong kit .
 After reading the reviews on this generator , I decided to give it a try . After removing it from the box and familiarizing myself with the owner 's manual , I put oil and gas in it and it started on the 4th pull . Included was a small oil cup with a spout to fill the crankcase . What a marvelous item to include . Made filling with oil very easy . The question now is how long it will last . I will be using it 4-5 hours a day for the next couple of months and I 'll report back if/when any problems arise . It is much quieter and lighter in weight than any I 've used before . The four stars are tentative until I determine how well it performs.DO NOT BUY - HAD TO DRIVE 100 MILES TO A YAMAHA DEALER TO GET A GOOD GENERATOR . YOU 'LL BE MONEY AHEAD IT YOU START OUT WITH A YAMAHA OR A HONDA AND FORGET THE CHEAPO 'S . The first nite in camp I started it up . Started immediately . It ran for about 45 seconds to a minute and quit . Many , many attempts to start it failed . Thought it might be the low oil indicator . Checked the oil and it was right at the mark where it should be . Might have thought it was some bad gas but it was non-ethanol premium so that was not the issue . Checked the spark plug - NO SPARK . Changed the spark plug . Still NO SPARK . I called Amazon and explained the problem . Amazon was GREAT and immediately credited my account for the full price including the shipping charges . THANK YOU AMAZON . I WILL CONTINUE TO SHOP WITH YOU AS LONG AS YOU TREAT YOUR CUSTOMERS RIGHT !
 We purchased an earlier version of this item and it started right up and worked fine out of the box . Then some time passed -- by the time it was two years old the rubber components were crumbling and cracking . I put gas in and it leaked back out . The gas lines had cracked and needed replacing . After replacing all the lines and putting in a new spark plug it started right up . However after a couple tanks of gas the plug would need replacing again . In the future I 'll avoid this brand as well as other similar cheaply made products .
 The first one came with a broken Run/Start switch . Factory sent part to replace.After + / - 40-hr of running time , wiring burn . Brought it to local authorized repair store and waited for 6 weeks to have a new replacement.After + / - 20-hr of running time , no spark to start . Fixed that , now it runs but no voltage.Brought it back to the same authorized repair store , Owner refused to fix due to the last payment dispute with Kipor factory.Emailed to Kipor authorized distributor , their reply was to bring back to the same authorized repair store . Sent reply to explain the situation , Kipor authorized distributor ignored my numerous following emails.My emails sent directly to the Kipor Mfr via their email address were ignored.WILL NOT BUY OR RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANY ONE .
 Bought for running a CPAP machine -LRB- 50 watts max -RRB- and laptop computer while staying in a remote area . Ran fine for about 12 hours total on three different occasions . Stopped running . Took into shop , $ 100 later had carburetor cleaned , new plug and oil , and was told a control board shows sign of wear , the unit may fail at any time . $ 452 for a new control board , if needed . It ran for another 3 hours . Has quit again New oil is dirty , afraid to look farther.Even when running , it 's very noisy , the sound being unacceptable even 100 yards away , it 's hard on fuel . And it fails . One gets these generators for power when all else fails . Could have had a Yamaha , less grief and power for what I 've put into this .
 Mine mysteriously shuts off on me . . runs for about 15 mins , then just stops and wo n't restart unless it sits . . fiddled with the oil , the air-cleaner , cleaned the fuel-filter , gapped the spark plug . . it runs smoother for 15 mins now , but still shuts off ! Had to buy another one , ca n't figure it out . . Also , it 's not as quiet as the Honda of the same size . . it is significantly louder for the first hour or so . . Had it for one year and one months , used once per week , a total of probably 300 to 400 hours . . if you get lucky and get one without this mystery-problem , I would say it 's an okay unit .
 The 1000 Watt Sinemaster will blow the $ 200 circuit board if you approach 800 Watts ... not even the 1000 Watt . There is no fuse/breaker ... just a 5 second warning with a flashing light only ... if you are watching it :--RRB- Exciting products will not answer warranty claims . There is a very poor dealer network.You will be stuck witha $ 500 pile of junk . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 ordered third brake light cover for 2009 dodge ram truck for a present . the size of the cover was off and wo n't fit the truck over a month since ordered ca n't return
 I bought the chains from Amazon and decided to try them on before I leave on my ski trip . Thanks God I did , because the chains did n't fit . I 'm glad I did n't discover this on the road when I actually needed them.Before I ordered , I checked what the correct size for my tires -LRB- 205/50 -17 -RRB- is . I checked both the manufacturer 's web site and the guide on Amazon 's web site and ordered the recommended SZ127 model . Amazon sent me the correct chains , my tire 's size was listed on chain 's bag , everything was perfect but the chains were too small and they did n't fit . They were not even close to the correct size - maybe close to half the size of my tires.If the company can not get the most basic thing for tire chains right I highly doubt they are competent of creating a quality product . I would have given zero stars but Amazon does n't let me .
 This was the wrong product . Online listing was incorrect - I had to call manufacturer for correct product . Amazon sent a return postage mailer by email . Product returned with no problem .
 I bought these chains based on the great reviews on Amazon . But like another customer had stated , these chains were too small to fit on my 205/50R17 tires despite the fact that my size was listed as compatible on the product AND I followed the installation instructions to the letter . I eventually had to go to a local auto store and pay full price -LRB- $ 30 more than the Amazon price -RRB- for ones that fit . What a waste of time . So if you have 205/50R17 tires , you need the Super Z6 model SZ131.Other than that , the product was of very good quality and neatly packed in a nylon bag including instructions and plastic gloves .
 I bought the chains from Amazon and decided to try them on before I leave on my ski trip . Thanks God I did , because the chains did n't fit . I 'm glad I did n't discover this on the road when I actually needed them.Before I ordered , I checked what the correct size for my tires -LRB- 205/50 -17 -RRB- is . I checked both the manufacturer 's web site and the guide on Amazon 's web site and ordered the recommended SZ127 model . Amazon sent me the correct chains , my tire 's size was listed on chain 's bag , everything was perfect but the chains were too small and they did n't fit . They were not even close to the correct size - maybe close to half the size of my tires.If the company can not get the most basic thing for tire chains right I highly doubt they are competent of creating a quality product . I would have given zero stars but Amazon does n't let me .
 I bought the chains from Amazon and decided to try them on before I leave on my ski trip . Thanks God I did , because the chains did n't fit . I 'm glad I did n't discover this on the road when I actually needed them.Before I ordered , I checked what the correct size for my tires -LRB- 205/50 -17 -RRB- is . I checked both the manufacturer 's web site and the guide on Amazon 's web site and ordered the recommended SZ127 model . Amazon sent me the correct chains , my tire 's size was listed on chain 's bag , everything was perfect but the chains were too small and they did n't fit . They were not even close to the correct size - maybe close to half the size of my tires.If the company can not get the most basic thing for tire chains right I highly doubt they are competent of creating a quality product . I would have given zero stars but Amazon does n't let me .
 These cables do not fit 255/70/18 ! Their chart list and their website indicate the SZ447 model but they are too small.Security Chain Company Super Z6 , SZ447 , Cable Chain for Pickups & SUVs - Set of 2
 These cables are very easy to put on and take off . They 're also fairly great on snow . I have a front drive Acura EL and these have done just fine in the ` great Seattle snowstorm of 2010 ' but it 's very dangerous driving with these when there are even small patches of dry road , especially on hills
 I bought these for our Mazda 6 which has extremely narrow clearance for normal SAE Class S chains . These ones were more expensive , but with CHP insisting on setting up Chain Controls on the I-80 when the road is just wet , it was necessary to have something that would work.Well , these were reasonably easy to fit - I 've limited experience of chains , having used two or three other types before , and we were able to get them on in under 7 minutes the first time we needed them on the Donner Pass . They also fitted perfectly - they cleared the car 's innards without making any horrible noises . And they grip well - I used them to climb up the snow covered driveway that we had and they gripped very well . The car just spun without the chains on.But they both snapped within 20 minutes !! We only went at 20 mph because the traffic was that busy and I do n't like the idea of driving them much faster but one cable -LRB- the one at the level of the connection between the two ends -RRB- snapped apart on each side . The weak point appears to be the extra thin cable on the inside of the tire.They fitted well and worked well whilst we had them on . To be honest , they even worked well after this bit snapped off - there were plenty of other cables still present to provide enough grip , but it 's pretty poor for such hammed-up products to be so defective . I am not sure that driving on the wet I-80 without much snow on was good for them - but then , what can you do in a CHP Chain Control . Apart from buy an AWD car?No much point in returning them - you have to send them back to SCC via UPS because the USPS do n't deliver to their address and they will decide whether to replace them or not . And I leave the country permanently in a month ! Never mind ...
 I ordered SZ133 according to the fitting guide for my 225/40/18 tires . And it 's next to impossible to fit in on my tires . I 've tried multiple times in the garage but in vain . It 's a big downer . They should not have marked this one as 225/40/18 compatible .
 Used twice ; 3 of 4 broke , causing extensive damages . SCC does not back up their products.Is easy to install and more comfortable ride than standard chains . Thule is much better product .
 I loved the ease of putting these chains on ... but they came off with the same ease with which they went on . After driving just a very short distance in the snow both chains just disappeared . Maybe that 's why it is far more difficult to install other chains that stay on .
 I put them on my truck with no problem . The directions were good and I am sure I put them on right . I then moved the truck back and forth a few times so that I could align the truck with my snow plow and attach it . The next morning I went out to use the truck and found that on two of the wheels the cables had come apart ! Again I am sure the chains were put on correctly . The rubber cable tightener did not hold them tight enough so the chains FELL OFF ! DO NOT BUY THESE !
 If you do not want to exceed 30 mph or do not care about possible damage to your expensive alloy wheels then this product is for you . Otherwise I would skip cable chains and just buy snow tires with studs -LRB- if allowed in your state -RRB- for worry free snow & ice on long commutes . Because the manufacture will print same in small print attached to their product after you have purchased the Super `` Z '' cble chains and thought I would be up front with your next purchase .
 Simply Awful !!! Didnt seem to provide any more traction than a regular tire , ruined my planned trip today by relying on them to provide traction up a reasonably steep grade.Yes they are easy to put on , and seemed to stay on pretty good while I was stuck spinning my wheels but going nowhere !
 I bought these for my front wheel drive Maxda CX9 to get up a slight incline on my street during snowy weather . I had my first opportunity to check these out today and they were totally worthless . They slipped in the snow just as much as the tires without the Z chains , maybe even worse.I held off getting an all wheel drive vehicle this year thinking the chains would get me through the 2-3 weather days we have each year . Looks like I am shopping for a car .
 the SCC Winter traction product applications by tire size chart is wrong , and it is nearly impossible to install it on my Avalon . The size is too small for 205/65 -15 tire . I ca n't close the chain , ca n't put the rubber on .
 No way to install these , defective attachment devices . Seems like a good idea for installing chains , but manufacturing error makes impossible to install . Could not install with car on the ground , on a lift or with the tire off the car . For what these cost , you think they would inspect at the factory before sending to distributors . I have been using tire chains of various types for over forty years and have never had this much trouble . Amazon accepted in return and refunded without problem .
 The fitment guide is completely wrong compared to what the packaging for the chains said . I ordered SZ131 for my BMW 330ci tires 245/40/17 per the chart but they are too small ... Very frustrated and annoyed that this company does not have their labels and charts correct .
 A couple years ago we had a major snow storm around Christmas time . I drove with these chains for the first time for less than 100 miles . When I checked the chains , both sets had most of the wires sheared at one of the cross cable clips , one on the inside cable and one on the outside.The company is less than 10 miles from my house . I emailed and a gentleman responded , telling me that it sounded like a manufacturing defect , that the clip clamping mechanism may have damaged some of the cable wires , but he said that they were too busy to address the issue at that time because of the storm . Also , he said that I could n't bring the chains by to have them repaired or replaced . I had to Fed Ex them with a warrantee form and it would have cost between $ 15 and $ 20 . 10 miles for $ 20 ... that 's $ 2/mile . A few weeks later I emailed again , but the man was on vacation . A woman responded and told me that the chains were now out of warrantee and there was n't anything that they could do . A new set would cost around $ 90 , or $ 2/mile for the amount of use that I got out of them.I have purchased numerous sets of cable chains from SCC over the years but will NEVER buy another product from them . Poor product , poor service . I am throwing them away and buying LaClede .
 These were very easy to put on and take off my 2011 VW Jetta and the worked very well on the snowy/icy roads around Lake Tahoe . BUT they have scratched my wheel trims to pieces . I did not get these from Amazon but from a local dealer who has been using and selling these chains for a long time and who showed me how to put them on . I specifically asked him if I needed to take off the wheel trims in case of damage but he said there was no need . If you purchase these chains take off your wheel trims and instal caps before you put on the chains or risk having to replace your wheel trims .
 My tire size is 225/65 -17 . Amazon 's size guide says to order SZ135 . These chains are too small . Another vendor has an online size guide that says SZ143 , which is larger . Since Amazon made me order the wrong size , I can not guarantee that SZ143 is correct . But SZ135 is incorrect .
 I bought the chains from Amazon and decided to try them on before I leave on my ski trip . Thanks God I did , because the chains did n't fit . I 'm glad I did n't discover this on the road when I actually needed them.Before I ordered , I checked what the correct size for my tires -LRB- 205/50 -17 -RRB- is . I checked both the manufacturer 's web site and the guide on Amazon 's web site and ordered the recommended SZ127 model . Amazon sent me the correct chains , my tire 's size was listed on chain 's bag , everything was perfect but the chains were too small and they did n't fit . They were not even close to the correct size - maybe close to half the size of my tires.If the company can not get the most basic thing for tire chains right I highly doubt they are competent of creating a quality product . I would have given zero stars but Amazon does n't let me .
 Recived product fast but To large for the size chart the . Product will not stay on tire the size chart states it will fit 255/65/17 tires . had to reorder smaller SZ139 to fit 255/65/17 tires not even on the size chat for this set of chains . Great product design new size SZ139 fits well but size chart can be misleading .
 These cable chains are very easy to put on they also work very well in snow and icy conditions.We had a large snow storm in the Seattle area Jan 2012 , used the chains for three days after removing them i discovered they scratched up my rims badly did not see in the instructions that this could happen.disappointed in product for this reason
 I tried these on my Volvo XC90 all wheel drive . Had a heavy snow and ice day going up hill and while the super z6 were , as advertised , easy to put on , I found that the all cable design did n't bite into the snow and slush the way chains do . I would n't recommend them unless there was no choice because of limited clearance .
 SZ 139 for the Super Z6 do not fit P225/55/18 like they say . I am very dissapointed with this manufacturer . My tires are as common as they come , GOODYEAR EAGLE and the cables do not come even close to fit them . Another thing , these connectors are so poorely designed , just try to link one -LRB- from the exterior side of the tire and you will see -RRB- . Very , very bad .
 I bought these chains based on the good reviews and am sending them back . They absolutely did not fit my 08 prius , they were not even close . If you have a prius , I 'd strongly recommend buying different chains .
 I bought these chains based on the great reviews on Amazon . But like another customer had stated , these chains were too small to fit on my 205/50R17 tires despite the fact that my size was listed as compatible on the product AND I followed the installation instructions to the letter . I eventually had to go to a local auto store and pay full price -LRB- $ 30 more than the Amazon price -RRB- for ones that fit . What a waste of time . So if you have 205/50R17 tires , you need the Super Z6 model SZ131.Other than that , the product was of very good quality and neatly packed in a nylon bag including instructions and plastic gloves .
 These cables are a nightmare to install on a 2007 Toyota Prius Touring Edition . The cables simply seem too small . It took me about an hour to finally get these installed , and then , after just a few miles at 20 MPH , bam ! One of the connectors came unhooked , and they got all tangled up inside the wheel . I had to call AAA for help getting the cables out of the wheel -LRB- this is really fun to do in the middle of a snow storm on the mountain pass -RRB- , and now I have to take my car into the Toyota dealer to find out what all was damaged by this product . What a nightmare !
 I put them on my truck with no problem . The directions were good and I am sure I put them on right . I then moved the truck back and forth a few times so that I could align the truck with my snow plow and attach it . The next morning I went out to use the truck and found that on two of the wheels the cables had come apart ! Again I am sure the chains were put on correctly . The rubber cable tightener did not hold them tight enough so the chains FELL OFF ! DO NOT BUY THESE !
 POOR SIZING CHART RESULTED IN TOO LARGE OF A CABLE SET . I DID N'T LIKE THE LOOK OF THE DESIGN OR QUALITY . YOU ARE BETTER OFF WITH STANDARD STYLE TIRE CABLES .
 Hello , Just to let you know I bought them through Amazon and they did not fit the rear tires of my Corvette C6
 It slips if there is not enough snow on the ground . Need a few inches of snow to grip properly . Would NOT recommend for Prius drivers !
 I guess before I bought these , I should have looked to see the geographical location of the people who reviewed these chains . Let 's see ... one was in Las Vegas -LRB- the desert -RRB- and the other was in Southern California -LRB- also the desert -RRB- . With tire chains not something they regularly use in that neck of the woods , these flimsy little tire chains might actually work . Even when properly sized , faced with a New England snowfall , these strings with springs broke on the very first rotation of the tire . Do not use these chains in any environment in which you might need to rely on them for traction or safety as they are sure to disappoint and you could conceivably put yourself at risk.These are going back to Amazon - a complete disappointment and waste of money for those who need strong , reliable tire chains .
 I actually like the product , buy my chains fell off withing 10 minutes and caused over $ 1500 of damage to my Honda Pilot . I bought the right size , but they seemed too loose and the terrible sound of my bumper getting sliced was my confirmation.I would still use the product if I felt they fit better , but for right now , I feel stuck .
 I BROUGHT THIS ITEM WITH THE EXACT PICTURE SHOWN HERE FROM SELLER `` Cerell Distributing Company , Inc. '' WHEN I RECEIVED THE ITEM IT WAS A TOTALLY DIFFERENT ITEM AND THE SELLER AND AMAZON WOULD NOT EVEN EXCHANGE FOR A RIGHT ONE SO I AM STUCK WITH A USELESS ITEM . I DO N'T EVEN KNOW THE ITEM IS USE FOR THAT I RECEIVED.DON ' T BUY ANYTHING FROM Cerell Distributing Company , Inc. .
 I 'm hoping there is another box coming , all i received is the back window deflectors , the picture on the item shows the front window deflectors !!!! The back ones are great , they slid right into place with a good secure fit , nice solid plastic , sturdy pieces , but ... i REALLY need the front deflectors . I have a 93 BMW 318 , we bought this car to use for about a year and a half while we 're stationed in Belgium . It rains alot here and i like to have the windows open a little . If and when i receive the front deflectors i will change this review to a more positive one .
 Got ta be KIDDING !! It 's been exactly THREE weeks , item is paid for but not yet received , seller not responding to email . I have no number to call . Delay is understandable but at least SAY SOMETHING !! Do n't risk your money , my friends !! UPDATE - 9/26/2007It 's now WEEK FOUR - still have n't receive anything , no respond from seller as well . Woo-Hoo !!
 I put these on my boat mounted above the water . Tail lites work but brake and turn signal very faint.So I rewired the trailer and still same issue.Some days you win some you do n't . Wish I had bought these local so I could return them with out having to deal with the postage . I 'll eat mine .
 This picture here is of a Frontier Kayak Stacker , which IS NOT the item that Amazon will ship to you . I tried 3 times to order the Kayak Stacker -LRB- which is pictured -RRB- , but received an upright bike rack .
 Fair quality . Step is narrower than the OEM . Probably should have paid the extra $ 100 for the OEM bumper .
 I have had Lund bug shields on my las 4 vehicles and I have never had to drill holes in my hood on any of them , until I bought this one for my Toyota 4Runner ! Yes , I have had this same Lund Bug Shield on two previous 4Runners and never drilled the first hole . Lund makes the best bug shields than any other manufacturer as far as I am concerned but I do n't know whose fault this one was . I was able to line up one hole before the drilling started , then I had to drill every single hole except the first one ! It is on , it looks great , and it is great quality . Like I said , Lund has always met my expectations but someone dropped the ball on this oneI would reccommend it to a friend , IF , he/she did not mind drilling holes !
 I thought I found a used , or slightly defective product . I 've used Amazon literally DOZENS and DOZENS of times from everything from books to electronics . I typed in the search that I needed dog houses . Up popped this selection with a very confusing title . but a picture of a large dog in a large dog HOUSE . When I saw the $ 20 price , I assumed based on my past experience w / Amazon that maybe there was a color defect , overstock situation , cash flow need , etc. . I ordered the dog house and got a dog DOOR instead . Very misleading , and very expensive to send back as the freight will eat up most of the money I will get back less the restocking fee.BEWARE OF THIS WEBSITE . I HAVE NEVER GIVEN A POOR RATING BEFORE ...
 The was very misleading . I wish they would explain what you are to get a little better before you buy it . A waste of my money .
 This was to fit a 2005 Hyundai Santa Fe . It will but be prepared to remove the brackets -LRB- and have a little extra time on your hands -RRB- for the glove box as this product is one piece . The factory installed is a two piece and only requires lowering the glove box per Owners manual . They could have indicated it was a one piece . I dont think I will buy again . Just go to the Car Dealer and order one .
 This Bosch filter stated it would work for a 2005 Sonata . It did not . It is a one-piece filter and the 2005 Sonata requires a two-piece filter.I also purchased a TYC 800018P cabin filter for my 2005 Santa Fe on the same order and it was identical to this Bosch filter . The only difference wasI paid $ 18.44 for the Bosch filter and $ 12.38 for the TYC filter . Buyer beware of this false advertising .
 nice quality filter . However , it was the wrong size for a 2004 Lexus RX330 even though the part number was correct . Ordered 2 and they were both too large . Reordered another brand and they were the correct size and wortked great .
 Look at the picture ... looks like a full set , right ? ALL YOU GET IS REAR WINDOW SHIELDS , not front.No return policy either .
 I bought this product as NEW but it had been opened and parts were missing .
 The pump is really poor quality . After installing it whined continuously . The reservoir is not black , it is simply spray painted with black color . Please do not buy . I returned mine and got my money back but still lost the money for labor .
 I also had the EXACT same experience as another reviewer Craig . I tried to replace a Campion RJ19LM with this plug . It 's got a visibly much shorter head and I had a heck of a time pushing it up into the ignition coil cap as a result . The entire time I mowed the lawn that day the mower sounded like it was going to die over and over . Basically reving up and down , up and down . I tried reinserting it and starting it up both before , during , and after mowing . I gave this plug an hour of my time , and then I gave up . I put the year old Champion back into the mower ... lo and behold , ran great . It might work for some mowers replacing the champion , but for my 2006 22 '' walk behind Toro , it was an unsatisfactory experience . Sorry !
 I replaced my thermostat in two vehicles after an overheating incident in our Chevy Van . I did n't want the same failed thermostat causing a new over heating problem , so I replaced the thermostat in our van and in our Jeep Cherokee with these `` Failsafe '' thermostats . Within three months , neither vehicle would get to operating temperature . In fact , both failed during the Fall months when the temperature typically never gets to 80 degrees F. Neither vehicle would generate enough heat to operate the heater properly when the temperatures dipped below 30 degrees F.I replaced both thermostats with OEM . Both of the `` failsafe '' thermostats were stuck open as a result of the added `` failsafe '' clip . As far as I can tell , these thermostats will always fail once the vehicle gets to operating temperature . Both vehicles now operate properly with the OEM thermostat . It is great to have heat in the Wintertime .
 Okay , my bad for buying these despite the bad reviews . I planned to use these for wiping down greasy , gunpowdery handguns . Once you 've used a piece of cloth for that , it 's pretty much toast - you throw it away when done . These seemed cheap enough that I would n't feel bad about tossing them afterward . I thought , just how bad could these things be that they would n't be usable for at least wiping down greasy metal ? Well , considering that they 're almost the consistency of burlap , they 're not usable for much at all . Yes , they are almost as coarse as burlap -LRB- okay , not quite as coarse , but certainly reminiscent of burlap -RRB- , and pretty stiff and scratchy . I 'll try to come up with some use for these things , but it 's going to be tough.Probably should have purchased some of the shop cloths sold here that are apparently just chopped up tee shirts . Tee shirts and other such cottony things are much better for final wipedowns on guns .
 I rarely find myself compelled to comment on products purchased on the web -LRB- even though I usually read the reviews others have written before purchasing -RRB- and Amazon usually sells good stuff , but these rags are so bad I felt I HAD to say something . I ordered them to use in my motorbike shop and , frankly , I can not find one use to justify keeping them . They are abrasive , coarsely woven , non-absorbant , non-colorfast and they leave lint on everything they touch ; in a word , they are JUNK . Do n't waste your money , buy something else or use paper .
 Seems like they have a very low thread count.Would not buy them again.This is not a product I could recommend .
 What more can I say , this is literally stitched like a potato sack which I can not think of any use for . Literally went right into the garbage upon inspecting the towels .
 I gave them all the right info , still sent the wrong OME filter . The factory one was way better then this cheep one!Save your money and buy it from a dealer .
 This order is a car cabin air filter which ca n't be bended.But this package came with serious bend due to pressure.And , no any way to complained to original seller .
 Installed easy but product quality is lack luster . The car felt about the same but the noise was spectacular . However once the computer figured out there was more air coming in , it began to take measures to reduce power and intermittently entered limp mode . Resetting the computer did not help and after a 10 mile drive on the highway , the check engine light came on.I 've reinstalled the stock air box and all is well . I 'll miss the sound though .
 I fitted this kit to may car and took it for a quick drive -LRB- about 2 miles and everything seemed in order -RRB- . The intake does make a lot of unnecessary sucking noises but that is due to the open nature of the filter which is supposedly providing better air flow.On my drive into work this morning , the car went into limp mode after about 5 miles , which I reset by pulling over and restarting the car and then after 10 miles the check engine light came on and limp mode stayed on permanently no matter what I did.It seems that the Saab engine management is smarter than a pink fabric cylinder.I have written to the tech support for K&N ; in both the US and UK for suggestions and I will post their responses on here if possible.I also used the K&N ; site to double check that this is the right kit for my car , and based on the VIN , this is the right kit.If they ca n't resolve it promptly then I will be returning the kit and spending my money on a quality product that has been properly tested and is not just a noisy gimmick .
 Should have stuck with VW OEM parts ... Checked with MFG after purchase and they told me that they do not offer a mount for the Passat TDI model . So I do n't know why it was listed as a replacement part . The vibration is almost unbearable and seems to be temperature driven ... This part is most likely a gas burner part ... Wasted time and MONEY ...
 I originally had MTEC H1 lights that I had purchased from e-bay in my car . Although I liked the color and output of these lights , they burned out fairly quickly -LRB- every 5-6 months -RRB- . I bought these from Amazon because they were fairly cheap , and if I did n't like the color it would not have been a huge loss.So far , I 've been pleasantly surprised . The color is just about what I 'm looking for ; mostly white , and definitely not the bright blue lights that you sometimes see driving down the street . Light output is pretty good ; much better than a PIAA set I had a few years back.Overall for the price , these are a great buy for me . I 've only had them in for about a month , so it 's too early to tell if they will last longer than the MTECs or not . I will try and post an update once they finally go bad6/21/11 Update - 2 starsWell , not surprisingly the originals I had finally went bad , so I ordered a replacement set . No biggie . Except , the replacement set burned out -LRB- both bulbs -RRB- about 8 days after I bought them . WTF?I ordered another set , apparently unaware of the adage `` fool me once ... '' . These lasted a little longer , but in about a month they were both gone too.I know enough not to handle the bulbs with my bare hands , so that 's not the problem . I even went as far as buying a new weather seal/gasket in case water was entering the housing , but that did n't help either.Maybe I got lucky with the first set of bulbs I ordered . Or maybe I just got really unlucky with the next 2 sets . In either case , I ca n't recommend this item anymore , and now I 'll have to keep searching for a suitable replacement .
 I purchased the first set of bulbs and the first one went out in 3 weeks and the second bulb went out in a week after . I thought it was just my luck and I purchased another set . Guess what , the second set lasted me for only 1 week . The bulb is bright and white but what good does it do if it does not last . I know that it has nothing to do with the way I handle the bulbs , I am very sure that I did not touch the glass part of the bulb when i installed it . Stay away from the product and stick with stock , they last much much much longer .
 Purchased two sets of these bulbs . Each set of lights lasted 3 weeks before burning out . Great lighting while they work but do n't leave home without spares . Very dissapointing
 As a relatively new cloth convertible top owner I wanted to pro-actively to take good care of my top from the start . All roads lead to RaggTopp Fabric Protectant , which essentially meant that it has the recommendation of the Hartz Fabric Company recommendation . I have used this product before and it worked , but this year it was a disaster . First of all they changed the spray nozzle on the aerosol can to produce an extremely fine spray . Whatever their reason for this was it now means that it is impossible to use this product outdoors as the slightest of breezes sends it off into the wind . You must apply it in a garage setting only . Secondly when my small top failed to bead water after apply three coats per the directions I contacted the manufacture to try to understand what went wrong . They were far from professional , in fact I would characterize their behavior as nothing less than insane . First telling me that I did not apply enough . Then telling me that I applied too much . And a few other really bizarre comments were sent to me written in all capital letters ! It appears that this company is really just a one man and a bitter and unhappy fellow at that ! But the good news is that this interesting information that I would like to share with you . This is not the only option for fabric top protectant . And of the alternatives there is one that had been the defacto Hartz recommended product for over 20 years -LRB- RaggTopp was only recommended by them for the last few years - do I smell a bribe , or should I say paid product endorsement ? -RRB- . The alternative is a product called 303 Protectant - High Tech Fabric Guard . It is available from Amazon and it is less expensive than Raggtopp . 303 also makes a fabric cleaner . And 303 has a manual pump spray which allows for much greater control in applying the product . My top beads water again thanks to 303 . Goodbye RaggTopp , your horrible customer server has turned me and now everyone in my roadster auto club off of your products for good .
 Since the recently replaced top on my '03 Porsche Boxster S was starting to lose its water repellent properties , I decided to do some research on the best canvas top cleaners and protectants on the market . After shopping around a bit , I found that both Raggtopp and 303 seemed to be the top 2 products available . The Raggtopp cleaner worked just fine , so I let the newly cleaned top dry completely and started with the protectant . The directions recommend three coats of protectant , so I set out to do just that . The aerosol bottle started out working just fine for the first coat - I made it through one full coat and let it dry , as directed . halfway through the second coat , I started losing pressure quickly even though I had well over half a bottle left . By the time I started the 3rd coat , I had less than half a bottle of product left and absolutely NO pressure - just a intermittent drip-drip-drip . I actually had to drip the bottle onto the top to try and complete the job , and eventually gave up in disgust and frustration . Raggtopp may make a great product , but if you ca n't get it out of the can , who cares ? I 'm switching to 303 and their manual spray bottle , thank you very much .
 I bought the Raggtopp product based on the manufacturer recommended rating same as the other 2 reviews I just read . I applied 3 coats , emptying the can . on the top of my Mini Cooper convertible as I had bought the car used and there was no water beading . I cleaned the top per their instructions beforehand using Raggtopp cleaner . When done I could see some beading for a week or so then none . Time to try the 303 product . All I got was a clean top and a little beading on the side .
 gave it two stars because the cleaner proved to be a superb product . Unable to assess the quality of the protectant because the container did not work , when the spray head was depressed only a little foam was produced . Did not notify company because I am just fed up with stuff that does not function as advertised.Purchased 303 High Tech Fabric Guard , will see how it works .
 Do yourself a favor and stay away from these plugs . I used them for a few months in my 02 ' Camaro when suddenly I noticed some sputtering and heavy hesitation , especially when the engine was cold . I checked the plugs and sure enough , two of them had severe gap erosion . I never even noted any gas mileage improvement . Not to mention these plugs are MADE IN CHINA ! There is no substitute for good old fashion conventional design plugs . They 've been in use for over 70 years after all .
 The shipping was very fast and reliable.But when i got the part , and got it on my truck , with in a month the new part done the same thing as the old one . Which left me stranded on the side of the road . So not only did i Pay $ 119 for the part but i had to pay $ 50 more just to get it towed off the road and to my house so now i have paid $ 119 for the part and $ 50 for the tow And $ 5 more to ship it back so i can get the money back which i will probably only get the $ 119 and the $ 5 back.So now im down $ 50 unless they decide to reimburse me for that too .
 The item pictured is NOT the item that you will get ... You will get a LOC-RAC bracket and not the tube mount that is pictured ... Though I was getting a good deal , and just got screwed in the end .
 Mine failed within 2 months . It failed open , but it failed . Buy a normal one and watch your gauges.Pros Fails openCons Fails often
 The cooling fan motor arrived on time . Labled right on the motor that it fits a 99 3.8 L Mustang . Removed the fan assembly and the existing motor from the assembly . First the fan motor is significantly smaller in both diameter and length than the original Ford motor ! Next the mounting bracked fits into the existing fan housing but it is 3/4 inches offset from the correct position to align the fan blades with the housing . In a couple of hours I was able to build an adapter by using 3/4 '' X 3/8 '' spacers and using longer mounting bolts to make it work.If I had to do it over I would spring for the OEM motor even at 3X the price . I would n't trust this smaller motor keeping the engine cool while idleing in traffic with the airconditioner on a hot summer day .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 This product absolutely does NOT fit a 1997 Honda EX . Although Amazon part finder claims it does , it does not . I do n't care if anyone comments and argues with me or not . The product DOES NOT fit the 1997 Honda EX that is sitting in my driveway . BEWARE !
 I would NOT buy this item from this supplier again ! The cable in the regulator is so thin , it twisted on the spool and became forever kinked . The window would gradually do down 10 inches , then 6 and then not at all . JUNK ! I am irate because I ca n't go thru the drive thru at all . I live in upstate NY and fiddling around with this in the cold of winter makes me furious . I looked at the OEM part and there was half as much cable and the cable was thicker .
 I have done 3 different regulators on 3 different vehicles . I had to rewire 1 , 1 the cable broke after 2 years , and the 3rd goes up real slow now . I think I 'm done with Dorman regulators . I think I 'll spend a little more money and get something a little better .
 In my 2001 Buick Lesabre all four of my window motors fried within a few months of each other . To buy the parts from a local auto parts store or dealer was going to cost a small fortune . I was so happy that we found the parts needed here on Amazon . Unfortunately , by the time my husband had time to install them . We found that the part for the drivers side front window was broken during shipping . Snapped in two pieces where the weld is . I am going to order another just because of the information in the previous reviews and I will give it another try . I want my windows operational again !!! We are past the 30 day window for returns , so kinda screwed as far as just doing a straight across exchange , bummer .09 / 19/2012 - I am already needing to buy another window motor/regulator for my front drivers side window . This will be the 3rd one is less than a year . So , frustrating !!! 11/07/12 - Drivers side front window regulator broke again !!! 4th times the charm ? Not sure , we 'll see .
 Jafrum provides the worst customer service . They are eager to take your money and make promisses to get your business , but if you have aproblem and need to return a product they will find any excuse why its not the products fault but the customers and try to get more money out ofyou . There response time in handling complaints is horrible , instead of the promissed 5 days expect 3 weeks . They will delay your return hopingyou will forget or go away then make up a story which isnt true and deny your warranty on the item . I paid $ 5 to ship my item back to them forwarranty for an item that went bad in 6 months , after rejecting my warranty they said I have to pay the $ 15 If I want them to ship my item back.Stay away this company should be closed down for their horrifficcstomer service !
 item is not whats pictured you will only recieve on bushing was able to return with full refud including shipping i would not recommend untill product description is fixed
 I do my own car repairs and have replaced quite a few exhaust parts over the years . The last Walker Exhaust Resonator Assembly I replaced on my 1999 Lumina LTZ lasted not quite two years , and rusted through at the split where it divides into the pipes going to the two mufflers.This one had a very poor weld at the same spot , and I expect the weld to either fail or rust out in a year or so.Compare that to the original exhaust system I have on my 2001 Buick Lesabre , 175K miles and no signs of rusting through yet.I 'm very disappointed with the quality of these Walker exhaust parts , and I would go out of my way to buy another brand . Fortunately , I have sold the Lumina and do not have to deal with it .
 I learned the hard way that the same apparent Mercedes Benz keychain is not of the same quality when it 's not sold directly by Amazon , I found out the hard way . Amazon Marketplace keychain got quickly tarnished and had dent on it though it was brand new . The same Mercedes keychain from Amazon LOOKS the same but was of higher quality . Be careful !!
 Not knowing about fuse sizes I ordered this to go with the fuse holder I bought on Amazon . These fuses are large size and not the normal fuse size . Therefore they did n't fit in holder .
 Jafrum provides the worst customer service . They are eager to take your money and make promisses to get your business , but if you have aproblem and need to return a product they will find any excuse why its not the products fault but the customers and try to get more money out ofyou . There response time in handling complaints is horrible , instead of the promissed 5 days expect 3 weeks . They will delay your return hopingyou will forget or go away then make up a story which isnt true and deny your warranty on the item . I paid $ 5 to ship my item back to them forwarranty for an item that went bad in 6 months , after rejecting my warranty they said I have to pay the $ 15 If I want them to ship my item back.Stay away this company should be closed down for their horrifficcstomer service !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 The product Putco 402404 Chrome Hinge Cover . The purchased product does not have the word `` CHEROKEE '' , as well as is shown in the photo published . This completely smooth without the word . I do not agree with that product .
 Easily orderrrfed and deliverred promptly . Wrong size item . No way to contact provider . Shipped info has no email , no phone # and directory assistance has no number . Prepare to eat it if its wrong
 This was a piece of junk and did not fit my 99 RAM . The defrost holes did n't line up and was a very poor fit . Do n't waste you $ $ $
 i was very upset about how the product quality was the item worked for 20 min the completely ceased i had to buy one from a local show for more $ $ and it took even longer for me to get my car back working on the other hand the shipping was quick i paid for 2 day i got it in 2days yet it was 27 more bucks whitch i probly wont get back i returned the item this morning in the same packageing it came in with the ups information provided for return i am now going to wait for the refund this is the first time i have had to return a item on amazon i hope this works well and doesnt turn into a head ach
 Overly sensitive to any stimulus . At time will not properly arm itself and go silent . The only good attribute is that it is very loud .
 Jafrum provides the worst customer service . They are eager to take your money and make promisses to get your business , but if you have aproblem and need to return a product they will find any excuse why its not the products fault but the customers and try to get more money out ofyou . There response time in handling complaints is horrible , instead of the promissed 5 days expect 3 weeks . They will delay your return hopingyou will forget or go away then make up a story which isnt true and deny your warranty on the item . I paid $ 5 to ship my item back to them forwarranty for an item that went bad in 6 months , after rejecting my warranty they said I have to pay the $ 15 If I want them to ship my item back.Stay away this company should be closed down for their horrifficcstomer service !
 hello , this product had to be glued on . it says it fits my vehicle but it dont . dissappointed
 Amazon has been providing wrong vehicle matches on Putco product so it is important to verify the manufacturer 's website which is their name Putco . You can enter your vehicle information and know for sure what product matches for you .
 There is too much clearance between the 2 parts - IE . the adhesive on this part needs to be thicker to reach the window feature . It is molded with too much clearance to mate with the window feature properly . I will need to put another layer of foam adhesive tape in this to make it work ... or sand down all the edges so it can fit tighter .
 This product does not fit my 2008 SLT Yukon while evaluation says it does . 3M tape seems not in contact with handle surfaceNOT STISFIED
 I did not need this after all , so it 's simply in the tool box in case either myself or a friend should ever have need.Besides , there no parts to this it is simply a conducting connector ... therefore it will work .
 Product does not fit my 1995 Audi A6 Quattro as described.The holes on the front mats are about 3 inches too wide and incorrectly placed for the factory mounting points . In addition , the mats do n't seem to line up properly with the shape of the floor.The rear mats are too large and do n't really line up with the floor either . The rear mats cover up the under-seat air vents by about 1 inch.This is not compatible with 1995 Audi A6 Quattro 's -LRB- and I imagine all C5 audi 's -RRB- . Not sure why it is advertised as such.It came with a note saying to contact Coverking with any issues . I contacted them 4 days ago and 2 days ago and received no response .
 It does not fit a 2012 Tacoma as originaly advertised . The return of product was tideous but fair . Still looking for one that fits .
 I bought this charger only because it was recommended here on Amazon to charge the Sony NP-F950 / 970 battery -LRB- I also bought here -RRB- , to power an accessory -LRB- non-Sony -RRB- for my DSLR video rig . The item I received looks like the product shown , but it is clearly labeled on the package as a charger for the NP-F550 . In no way can it charge all the batteries listed in the description . It may work for the NP-F550 , but when I search for chargers for the NP-F950 / 970 battery , chargers that look like this one come up on many sites . I paid so little for this , it 's not worth returning , but right now I 'm not certain I can find a charger that is guaranteed to work with the battery I bought . I 've even looked locally , and no one has a charger for the battery . One star , for a confusing and misleading buying experience , plus an inability to supply what was described .
 I got about five chargers out of it and then it stopped working . I have the NP-F970 and the title description says it works with the NP-F970 but on the back of the charge says &#34; For use with battery sony NP-F550 . &#34; I do n't know if it stopped working because it 's not made to charge my battery or it 's just plain junk .
 I received open package and inside Item was different than package indicate.So I could not use.I try to return the Item but somehow I could n't .
 Beware , this is not the correct charger for the NP-F970 battery as indicated in the title/description ! Had to return it .
 It seems that I received some kind of mess up in my order . It says that it is for the Sony NP-F550 everywhere on the box and on the back of the unit , however the front of the unit says it is made for a different battery also made by sony and as such it does not fit the Sony NP-F550 battery . Seems to me like there was an error in the production . Just my luck .
 When I plug the thing in , the green `` charge '' light comes on ... so when I plug in the battery to begin charging , the light just stays green . There is no indicator to let you know when the battery is fully charged . This is very annoying to me .
 Used it once , the coupler at the extension joint broke so now I have rwo pieces ... Thought this would be the solution , but apparently not .
 Returned inverter after total failure upon initial trial . Product defective right out of the box . Forced to pay for return shipping - then they deducted the initial shipping cost from the refund !! This is the second AIMS inverter that failed - the first one used maybe five times . They are 0 for 2 and I 'm out a total of about $ 40 shipping . Their comment when I called about deducting the last shipping charge
 Aims products are unreliable and their customer service will let you down . I have had to send the same product back 3 times . After the 3rd time they said nothing was wrong and I would have to pay to have the defective equipment returned to me . I am in contact with the Attorney General office in Nevada and have contacted the BBB in Reno . I hope they will be able to help me get a refund . BEWARE of any AIMS products .
 These are cheap made in China junk . If you can test and select yours or buy from a good retailer you will take one out of two back for exchange . Forget about a refund it 's not going to happen .
 The cover was too short , too narrow and not tall enough for a 2009 SeaDoo RXP 155 . The cover was well made . They should list the messurments of the item .
 I 've had one of these units for a few years now , and it 's worked pretty much as described except that it wo n't surge for the rated capacity -LRB- 1250 watts -RRB- and it definitely wo n't surge for it 's `` surge '' capacity of 3100 watts . We 've got a dual T5 fluorescent light -LRB- rated at ~ 50 watts total -RRB- that will trip the inverter if we 're already drawing more than 200 watts on other loads . Otherwise , it 's worked fine , we just have to turn off other loads before turning on our T5 light .
 Returned inverter after total failure upon initial trial . Product defective right out of the box . Forced to pay for return shipping - then they deducted the initial shipping cost from the refund !! This is the second AIMS inverter that failed - the first one used maybe five times . They are 0 for 2 and I 'm out a total of about $ 40 shipping . Their comment when I called about deducting the last shipping charge
 I purchased a different model inverter - a 3000watt w battery charger and transfer switch.I returned it 3 times due to defect with low battery alarm , overheating and faulty ground circuit . I had to pay to reship the defective units 3 times . The 3rd time they said they could n't find anything wrong with the unit . I certainly found something wrong with each of the 3 units - perhaps their technical department is also questionable . I did n't get this from Amazon I purchased it from The Inverter Store a/k/a Aims Power Inc. . Amazon is great , they have always provided the best customer service .
 What I received was some ` other ' form of the product - I 've not attempted to use it yet , but it may not also be a 22-16 AWG Solder Seal - we 'll see . Also , for not being the product pictured -LRB- which I 've used in the past w/great success -RRB- , the product took too long to arrive and was over priced ...
 I 've used the other Pico products with the built in solder and adhesive heat shrink and they work great -LRB- see my other reviews -RRB- , but these butt connectors are pretty much useless in my opinion . The solder width is far too narrow for the wires both the wires -LRB- inserted at each end -RRB- to be covered , but even worse , the heat shrink insulator turns soft before the solder melts and and the whole assembly then falls apart under gravity .
 you can not get any warranty on this alt.if it is any more than 30 days old.when other stores offer a lifetime warranty on same product.mine failed in 6mo .
 It might be my eyes , but the taupe and caramel colors look identical . Too bad . The price seems right but the uncertainty of what the product actually looks like is a deal-breaker . That , and no mention of the pile weight -LRB- e.g. , 18oz , 22oz -RRB- .
 when you look at this product . the picture show you two . no where in the write up does it tell you there is only one . i thought i was getting two . and only got one
 Put your money in a good gas generator , then you wo n't have to deal with a E03 message from the Xantrex Power Source 1800 .
 Bought this unit from Amazon under the Duracell name a few years ago and it failed the first time I tried it with an E03 just like everybody else . It 's a shame because the unit itself is well made and the product would be useful if it actually worked . Look at the reviews . If you get this unit you are most probably just chucking $ 500 or so down the wellhole , or the sump if that 's what you use it for.A well made , pretty , and utterly useless piece of junk . If yours is n't yet just wait awhile . And product support is a joke . There are about 6 `` service centers '' in the whole southern USA and nobody seems to know jack about this product . Xantrex does not seem to care . They would probably rather just sell them off quietly . I quit buying double A Duracells because they participated in spreading this worthless environmental hazard all over North America.If you wonder why I am writing this so long after the thing failed for me it 's because I 've finally got tired of seeing it wasting space in the back of the garage and will summon up the time and energy to take this very heavy and very useless hunk of lead to a recycling facility tomorrow . A further waste of time and effort to go along with a waste of money ! It 's every bit as big a pain to get rid of it as it was to try and get it to work in the first place . Buyer beware ...
 I have had this unitDuracell 852-1807 1,800 Watt Five Outlet Rechargeable Power SourceXantrex 852-1802 XPower 1800 Power Source -LRB- under the Noma brand -RRB- for seven years as a sump pump backup and it has been fine until I got the E03 error . Resetting it initiated the charge cycle but the batteries would take no charge - not surprising for a 7-year old unit . The manual says '' ... they may be replaced with equivalent sealed lead acid batteries by a qualified battery technician '' and provided model numbers for replacement batteries . So I took the unit to a qualified battery technician , who informed me that the batteries could n't be replaced because of the way the unit is built . The batteries sit in a U-shaped metal housing and are strapped down to the base of that housing by a U-shaped strap . They sit directly under a circuitry housing . To remove the batteries you have to remove the circuitry housing , which involves disconnecting every wire that passes from it to the battery area below . It essentially means reverse assembling the whole unit , which the technician said was not worth the labour charge I would incur to have him do it . So the manual lies when it says the batteries are replaceable . This item is essentially a disposable backup .
 Bought to have for a time of need . Went through all conditioning steps . First time needed , although indicator says ful for fully charged , no power output . Will output power if you plug it in but then you already have power anyway . Complete waste of money . DO NOT BUY . An emergency `` generator '' , actually a back up battery , should be available in an emergency and have high reliability . This one is completely unreliable and will not be any form of adaquate standby power in an emergency . The only function this product has served is to enrich others at my expense . Wish there had been a review such as this when I was making my purchasing decision .
 this is a review of this unit to let amazon buyers of this seller and its associated defects . i bought this from another seller . he was also selling on ebay , user id
 I bought this product in November of last year . After light use -LRB- 2 power outages -RRB- the product stopped working . It now reports `` Error03 '' which , according to tech support is a general failure . The unit must be replaced .
 I have has this for a few years but it has nevery been used . The one time I need it I get the same E03 error everone else gets and now I have a basement problem . It is very disappointing . I can NOT even get through to support nor do i think they will do anything about it . $ 600 wasted !!
 1 -RRB- This unit is a Xantrex , who is now owned by Schneider Electric -LRB- a French company who also bought Telemecanique and Square D -RRB- .2 -RRB- The earlier units used -LRB- 3 -RRB- 17AH batteries . Xantrex later went to -LRB- 3 -RRB- 20AH batteries , but never updated their literature -LRB- still 2006 -RRB- . This , and all the negative comments on their `` customer service '' , gives a clue to their market focus on this product .3 -RRB- Lead batteries were invented in 1859 , and still have the `` nature of the beast '' issues : a. Very toxic , and can not be 100 % recycled . The industry claims a 98 % recycle rate , but that still leaves thousands of tons of this dangerous chemical in the environment.b . Self-discharge rate of ~ 10 % / month . This means that if you park it in a closet for 7 months and bring it out when you need it , you will have only 28.7 AH left on the 60AH model , and only 24.39 AH left on the 51AH model.c . But wait , you only have 50 % of lead 's AH rating available . After that , you take the battery below the critical 12.2 v range , and do irreversible damage . So , letting it sit for 7 months has already damaged the battery , and you will only get 12 ~ 14AH out of it before it dies . Recharging it will never bring it back to 100 % charge.d . Lead can only deliver its advertised rating at a 20 hour discharge rate . If you try to draw 100 amps from a 100AH lead battery -LRB- called 1C -RRB- , you will only have 64 amps actually available . Less if you do not take the battery below 12.2 volts . So , the 60AH model would have 38.4 amps available at a 60 amp discharge rate , and the 51 amp model would have 32.64 amps available at a 51 amp discharge rate.e . To properly charge a lead battery , it must be taken through the bulk charge -LRB- 80 % capacity -RRB- , the absorption charge -LRB- 98 % capacity -RRB- , and the float charge -LRB- 100 % capacity -RRB- . Failure to do this will lead to damage.f . Lead batteries must be immediately recharged once used . If you fail to do so , your battery sulfates , which affects performance and longevity.With this basic understanding , it is easy to see why 12 ~ 24 month battery life is common . If you want to read more , try BatteryStuff or BatteryUniversity.Now let 's look at the inverter portion :1 -RRB- This is modified sine wave , not pure sine wave . Read the manual -LRB- it can be found on-line -RRB- , and you will see warnings -LRB- CAUTION
 We purchased a Xantrex 1800 maybe three years ago , and it worked fine until this past weekend . We used it as a backup for our basement sump pump . During a couple/three electrical outages it kicked in and ran the pump fine for several hours . However , this past weekend the power went out and we plugged the refrigerator into it and got an E03 error message . And that was it , it worked no more . It would n't reset . When the power came back on , we plugged the Xantrex back into an outlet to see if maybe that would reset it , and it acted like it was fine -- even indicating that it charged back up to 100 % battery capacity . But when I unplugged it to test it , I got the E03 error message again.Not sure what to do now . I do n't want to buy another Xantrex , but I do n't see much else out there on the market .
 1 . Takse forever to charge - starts charging and immidiately displays `` FULL '' even if at only 20 % 2 . The switchover time from Power to battery is not quick enough , so my PC dies and re-boots .3 . Hardly gives me 2 hours of work with PC , Monitor and Modem working .4 . Weights like a ton of bricks .
 I bought this item . It was charding for 4 days . I am getting the same messages Ch9 . It keeps flashing ON and OFF . According to the manual the MAX time for charge is ~ 15hrs . I tested the item with sump pump and it works ok ! But this ON and OFF is annoying . After ~ 15hrs it should change to solid FUL . If I pay hundreds of $ , I want to be happy . On the manual there is `` Contact Information Telephone
 Yes , like so many others I have received the dreaded Error E03 after the one year warranty was up . The product was used minimally -LRB- since it was only for my sump pump -RRB- . It states in the manual for error E03
 Please check out the info below to help size a system that will work for your needs . Also check out the xantrex site for the full specs and a great ... `` less technical/math approach '' to system sizing . They have multiple scenarios of devices and run times . Would be so nice to see amazon pass on the manufactures important sizing information.This product seems to have a few versions under different names . There is a TV unit for Mysolarbackup 1800 that seems to be the `` Duracell '' version with a 90W PV panel on wheels and charge controller . This combo kit with unit is sold for $ 1800 to the poor uninformed folks watching TV adds ... when you could buy the separate components for about $ 800 . It would still require some help to wire in the charge controller ... but even at $ 100/hr electrician rates you could have a system up and going for less than half of this TV price.The Duracell version -LRB- and Mysolarbackup -RRB- seems to have a 60Ah battery . Just the unit with battery is $ 480 with shipping ... . yet the amazon xantrex with 51Ah is $ 585 ... go figure?I am really disappointed -LRB- as a technical/pro solar person -RRB- to see these products listed under misleading names and no help with sizing . These products are actually UPS devices and have been used for computers for years . UPS stands for Uninterruptible power supply . The most important spec is watt hours or VAhrs . This is the energy available from the battery to actually run a device during a power outage . This unit has about 500 Whrs of reserve . -LRB- 12volts x 60 ah x 80 % discharge x 90 % inverter eff . -RRB- This available energy from the unit also varies greatly if you have a heavy load -LRB- about 50 % less energy -RRB- . A heavy load could be one fridge . 3 laptops charging , and satellite modem/wifi AP using about 600watts . This scenario would get about 50 % of the 500Whr ... . so it would last about 500whr x 50 % at highload / 600w = ... 0.41 hrs or 25 minutes . Not exactly a long term solution!This unit might be great for one laptop already charged up , and just the satellite modem/wifi AP and a 15w florescent bulb . This would be about 500 whr / -LRB- 10W + 60W +15 W -RRB- . . or about 6 hrs . This would be enough time to get work or play night done on the computer when power is down.What makes these units great is when you hook up a PV solar panel ... like the 90W panel and PV charge controller like in the `` mysolarbackup '' unit . In Just 8hrs of sunny summer day you could charge the system back up to 100 % . You should figure 2-3 days during the winter time ... . or add panels.I am looking at the Xantrex powerhub 1800 with 400ah battery bank -LRB- unit with two battery boxes and 4 of AGM 100Ah batteries -RRB- . This about $ 1900 but you get 4000 whrs or 4kwrs of energy reserve . You also get better high load performance ... getting an estimated 25 % loss at 1500 watts . With another $ 1000 of PV panels -LRB- about 500 Watts -RRB- you could just go off-grid with the above fridge scenario to recover energy each day by solar PV.I install off-grid systems starting about 3 times larger than this for off-grid cabins . These cost about $ 20,000 but they include permanently mounted PV panel array to withstand high winds and other professional electrical distribution boxes/protection . They also have an inverter that is `` Pure Sine wave output '' good for running a 240VAC 5 HP water pump or other heavy startup loads.There is a great review of these small solar power generators in Home Power magazine this month ... . check it out!Thanks for reading coysolar 101 ... . please contact me at SouthFaceSolarPower if you need help on a bigger system.Coysolar
 I have a number of Xantrex products and have found them to be good quality . I can not say the same for thier product support . I have a Powersource 1800 that shorted out . It is less than 2 years old -LRB- 20 months -RRB- . It is out of warranty . I am willing to pay to have it repaired . They will NOT repair it or sell parts for it . The best they will do is sell me another unit at 30 % off list . I was informed by customer suppoer that they do not repair products that are out of warranty . So beware buying Xantrex -LRB- aka Scnieider Electric -RRB- , Durucell branded Xantrex products , and APC -LRB- a Schneider Electric company -RRB- . Once they are out of warranty , if something happens to the you can throw them in the trash heap .
 The heading for this product clearly states that you get 6 per case and i only received one per order . Normally when you read something and it says you are getting 6 per case you would expect to see 6 per order , but instead i was fooled and wasted my time .
 It might be my eyes , but the taupe and caramel colors look identical . Too bad . The price seems right but the uncertainty of what the product actually looks like is a deal-breaker . That , and no mention of the pile weight -LRB- e.g. , 18oz , 22oz -RRB- .
 I bought three of these kits ... all of them stated that a pair of AAA batteries were included , however , they were not in any of the boxes . Also there is one dead CPU in one box , and one dead remote control in another box . Really poor quality . These were clearly open item packages as serveral items in each box were out of the plastic bag or the plastic bags were gone . I suspect someone tampered witht he goods at some point .
 The Color Morphics is as pretty nice system as far as installation and be able to change the color to whatever you 'd want . It has a lot of pattens that flash slow and fast as it cycles through out all the colors . I have mine placed inside my vehicle over the gas and brake peddle and under my front seats . Its neat to watch for a few minutes and then gets really annoying if you 're trying to drive . I got this mainly because it was advertised for its ability to dance with the music and on the Computer Unit of this device , all the wires fit right into place and there was a little light that would light up where I plugged in the RCA cord to get it to dance in sync with my music and whenever there was a low bass part of any song , that little light would light up to show how the other lights would respond . Unfortunately all the other lights do n't dance in sync with my music , they just flash a fast paced pattern of all the colors whether my music is playing or not . Also whenever I have the system on and I dont have music playing , the device feeds back into my amps and causes them to play this weird computer noise ??? Do n't know why but I 'm still having hope that maybe I got a broken computer unit and it can be replaced and solve all my problems , if not then even on sale price this system is way over priced .
 this product does not keep the sun off babies in a vehicle , not thick enough and the suctions does not work .
 We own a Hyundai Tiburon , and although it 's not an ideal car to have a babyseat in the back , we have no other options . ;-RRB- I bought this shade thinking that it would keep the sun out of my baby 's eyes , but it seems that the angle of the window was wrong for this shade , and almost completely cut off my view out of the rear window.Also , the suction cups do n't hold very well , so they would come off and would potentially fall onto the baby.The shade had a cute edge on it , but there is nothing about the shade that I would recommend .
 It might be my eyes , but the taupe and caramel colors look identical . Too bad . The price seems right but the uncertainty of what the product actually looks like is a deal-breaker . That , and no mention of the pile weight -LRB- e.g. , 18oz , 22oz -RRB- .
 You 'd think something designed to fit into a barrel bung would be a little more stout . Thin plastic , might be OK for light use . Not what it appears to be as far as I 'm concerned .
 This Funnel is TERRIBLE !!! DO NOT BUY IT !! I ordered it to use in pouring gasoline into my 55 gallon drum . It LEAKED ALL OVER IMMEDIATELY , where the funnel part meets the bung screw part . There 's a seam there that leaks all over !! STAY AWAY !! Get a ONE PIECE funnel . This one , no matter the price , is NOT going to do the job !!
 I got sent the wrong shocks . no way similar to the original size , structure , fitting , connections . etc. . NO WAY to contact seller
 Usually ships in 1-2 MONTHS ? what is THAT ? Why even try to sell them , I mean really waiting one to two MONTHS is ridiculous .
 i bought one of the covers , and matched up the size i needed and the model of the Jet ski i have , did not fit at all , needs to be little bigger to fit , dont get this one , , maybe someone in the shop cant measure right when they cut the fabric ,
 Bought two of these batteries in summer of 08 . It is summer of 11 now and both are needing replaced . Do n't buy the long service life claim . They have no longer service than regular sealed batteries .
 These covers were ordered and put on a new FJ Cruiser in mid-2007 . It is now May 2009 and they are really in bad shape . They , due to the heavy , shiny threads they are woven from , separate from the seams , shredding , I guess , would be the appropriate word . I have much cheaper , different type and brand on my Toyota Tacoma , for a longer period -LRB- at least another year longer -RRB- and they are still are holding up , with no splitting etc. . These Coverking 's are expensive , and were supposed to be heavy-duty , but ended up being a waste of a lot of money .
 Make sure you open the package and inspect the parts prior to attempting an installation as the `` kit '' we received appeared to be missing more parts than it included . For example , only one of the four springs was in the box , the greese was missing , etc. . It looked as if someone either at Hotchkis or Amazon had simply repackaged a returned item and shipped it out to another unfortunate customer . That said , the few parts that were included -LRB- e.g. , sway bar -RRB- appeared to be of high quality . Just a pain to have to return such a huge box -LRB- and an expensive item -RRB- with missing components and await a refund once the return is -LRB- hopefully -RRB- received ok .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 Brand new out of the box DEAD !!!!!!!! called company rep. . . waited 36 minutes to talk to real person ... music was killing me ... told me my online receipt was not good enough to cover repair 's I needed a cash register or printed store receipt !!! told me on phone I would be resposible for the bill ... to repair . . WHY NOT REPLACE IT FLAT OUT ??? 1 year warranty ????? Actron is a BAD company to deal with BAD BAD BAD !!!
 Unfortunately , I did my homework after my purchase , it comes with bad soft ware as my computer can not locate the auto scanner as a device so I can update . I purchased this unit and it only has information upto 2003 I bought it in January of 2010 and I CAN NOT update it on he internet . My research into on the internet comment reflect alot of people have this problem and ACTRON does not stand behind there product and fix it . I AM BUMMED !
 I read the reviews here and ignored them and went ahead and got this scanner . I even spent extra and got the couple extra OBDI adapters that it does n't come with . When I first got it , it worked pretty good , though there was a hangup here and there when turning it on failing to boot , or it would freeze up when moving into the Menu 's . Not all the time , just once in a while . I figured BUG , they 'll have some type of Update at some point . -LRB- Still have never seen 1 update YET !!! -RRB- The problems just continued to get worse over time . Now it 's a Paper Weight . I turn it on , the Actron screen comes on and then NOTHING , or it comes on and then the menu 's are all jumbled or jumbled and upside down . I ca n't do ANYTHING with it . I replaced the 9 volt battery and that did n't do a thing . It 's hardly been used and looks brand new and yet it 's a pile of junk . When it was working it had some nice features for a scanner at this price range at the time . I wish I never got this thing !!! I do have the Actron ABS scanner and it works great for the cars and trucks it supports . Never had any problems with that scanner . I emailed Customer Service and they had be try a few things , of could I tried what I could and said it did n't work and they never replied back to be . It 's been another month or so , and so I decided to send yet another e-mail and see what happens . If I have to pay to get it FIXED , it wo n't be worth it . I 'll have to toss it and buy another Scanner and never buy anything from ACTRON ever again . You know I 've yet to ever see a ABS scanner update either from them . If you have any problems with whatever you buy from them , do n't count on Customer Service to help you . I do n't recommend any ACTRON products !!!! If you need a good OBDII scanner WITH Domestic ABS Brakes Capabilities , INNOVA 3160 looks like a winner . Few low end OBDII scanners support ABS features , and right now on AMAZON the price is only $ 224.99 . I really wish I had gotten this one , but I do n't think it was around when I got mine . I also have ABS capabilities so I really only need a Scanner . Right now though I 'm looking at maybe getting a much higher end scanner . I wish I could have given the Actrol CP9190 ZERO stars .
 I 've had my 9190 for about 6 weeks now and it 's a paperweight . Worked great out of the box on my 95 buick riviera and my 2000 toyota corolla . Also used on 2010 mustang . It was a great tool while it worked , but now it 's completely dead . If you hook it up to obd2 port on car the backlights for the screen light up but thats it . Since i 've had it longer than a month i ca n't return it to amazon , and since i do n't have a printed store receipt Actron refuses to repair it , telling me my electronic receipts are n't good enough , that i 'll have to pay to fix it . That just do n't fly with me.I own other Actron products like their digital multimeter/auto analyzer has worked great for years . My actron timing light has lasted for years and my cheap obd2 code reader from Actron still works fine . Unfortunately they have lost another customer for refusing to fix a product with a 1 year warranty which apparently is just a selling point because they will NOT honor their warranty . I would stay far , far away from this scantool . You are better off buying a PC or laptop based system like the Obd SX cable and ScanXL software which can be had for less than the price of the 9190 , or AutoEnginuety -LRB- i problably butchered the spelling -RRB- is another good PC based scantool , though the entry level package will cost around 600 bucks for the generic OBD2 support , with enhanced diagnostic support for specific vehicle makes also available at extra cost .
 I ordered a CP9190 and the scanner I received is a 9185 . According to Actron this is not the wrong scanner a 9185 becomes a 9190 when it is shipped in a hardcase with many different cables.I bought this scanner to reset the maintence required lite in my 1992 dodge caravan , this scanner will not reset this light so I am very disappointed in the scanner .
 My fiance has been wanting a good diagnostic tool for a quite sometime . He has a very basic Actron scanner , but I want to get him something much better . He wanted Actron still , but after the reviews I am finding on the internet , I would love advice from you guys on a different product . I remember him mentioning at one point that he wants something that reads ABS codes . I ca n't afford anything over $ 400 to $ 500 -LRB- max -RRB- . I know that probably does n't give me many options for the really nice ones , but just want to get him something that will do what he wants and more . So please help !!
 I bought this after returning an Innova that was terrible . It 's better and I 'm going to keep it , but it still has a lot of its own problems - mostly on OBD-I . It wo n't connect to my 1989 Camaro . I found other people at Thirdgen.org that were having the same problem who figured out if you set it to a 1986 model it will connect . However , it then puts the car in ALDL diagnostic mode , fixing the RPM 's at 1000 's and fixing spark advance . This makes the numbers you are going to get very skewed . It also seems to be missing decimal points on some of the data , so the numbers makes no sense initially . I tested it with my multi-meter and found that it is putting 10K ohm 's across the A and B terminals , which is correct to connect with the car , but it should then be stopped . It stays at 10K ohms , which incorrectly locks the car in ALDL mode.I called the company and pointed out these problems . They were friendly enough , but seemed to have no intention of fixing it . There are members at Thirdgen.org who pointed these problems out to them in 2009 and it 's still not fixed . In fact , the latest software update for this tool is is from back in 2007 ?!? Weird , since this is still supposed to be their latest , top-of-the-line scanner . The latest model year listed in it 's menus is 2006 . Their latest ` Scanner Suite 3.0 ' just says there 's an error when I open the installer . Looks like I 'm not the only one with that problem.It generally works in OBD-II mode , but my 2007.5 Duramax truck for example , only shows limited live data . It does not show oil pressure , while I know this is outputted through the OBD-II port because I have seen other scan-tools display it.The real problem is that all of the scan tools in this moderate price range seem to have numerous flaws , this one being the least of all the evils . If this did n't have all these glitches it would be 4 stars . I will get by on this for a while and eventually buy cables and software to make a laptop-based scan tool .
 These coasters are only about 2.5 '' in diameter and are about 1/4 '' thick - an extremely awkward shape and size for any coaster . They will certainly not fit most standard vehicle cup holders . It would have been nice to have some size specifics in the Amazon listing .
 The bulbs do not stay connected to the hoses . Poorly made . It doesnt work ! Save your money . I actually bought two !
 Far too limited capacity for normal use . OK to drain a quart or two of gas from a tank . Too slow . Looks like the inside of the hose is 3/16 inch in diameter . Just a little larger hose would cost so little and the capacity would be greatly increased for much better useability.Added October , 2012
 I ordered a mirror for a 1999 truck . I was sent the wrong mirror . The Cust . Service Assoc. said it would fit my truck . When I told her that the box clearly indicates that it 's only for use on 1982-98 vehicles , she said oh , well I guess we do n't have the mirror you need .
 I ordered a mirror for a 1999 truck . I was sent the wrong mirror . The Cust . Service Assoc. said it would fit my truck . When I told her that the box clearly indicates that it 's only for use on 1982-98 vehicles , she said oh , well I guess we do n't have the mirror you need .
 Part looked great upon receipt . Upon further review on install holes not lining up . Had to drill out bolt holes and use a heat gun . Would of loved to send back but was daily driver . A should of 10 minute install ended up being ten hours and one big headache .
 This is the same pump sold by Carter , Airtex , Precision , and several other company 's for less money.In fact , I BELIEVE it 's even the same pump sold by the vendor under their own brand name , Herko Automotive , for less than half the price It is advertised several places on the net as &#34; A high Quailty , superior design &#34; , etc. etc. , and it 's CHINESE CRAP . Says on the box
 The mirrors vibrate and shift orientation when driving so every so often you must stop and re-adjust the mirror -LRB- these are not powered mirrors -RRB- . There is no tension adjustment to be made so you are stuck with wedging something into the mirror housing - not very practical for multiple drivers of different stature . I replaced both mirrors on my vehicle with these and the problem is identical for both the driver and passenger side mirrors . Very Dissapointed .
 Even though it states and takes you through `` find out of this item fits your vehicle '' it did not fit not only that the credit back for the item was never returned to me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This product is very inexpensive and I discovered why . The RH mirror broke the first time I folded in so I could wash my truck . The LH mirror vibrates so much at internet speeds that you ca n't see a clear image.I recently saw the inside construction of a factory mirror and there is no simularity . This is a cheap and dangerously inadequate `` copy '' of factory equipment.Very disappointed .
 This product is very inexpensive and I discovered why . The RH mirror broke the first time I folded in so I could wash my truck . The LH mirror vibrates so much at internet speeds that you ca n't see a clear image.I recently saw the inside construction of a factory mirror and there is no simularity . This is a cheap and dangerously inadequate `` copy '' of factory equipment.Very disappointed .
 Overall , the product and company were good - but the color of the dashmat is no where near the caramel color of the interior.Very dissappointed .
 Bought these at West Marine -LRB- for $ 39.99 -RRB- and installed , looked good . After first use the left light stopped working , I looked to find water had gotten inside and broken the bulb . The neoprene gasket does not make a good seal , I verified this in the pool at 2 ' deep - bubbles . Verdict
 I purchased this product and applied it to the top and hood of a two year old black paint finish . The paint was clean and gloossy , thinking it would protect them better as the are succeptable to the most damage . In a matter of days both areas began to develop a milky white look that was impossible to wash off . The rest of the truck was ok where I dint apply the polish . I contacted their headquarters and explained what was happening . They told me they dont recommend this product on black finishes ! What ??? And what I was seeing was heavy oxidation . They told me I had to use rubbing compound to remove the damage . I ended up taking my truck to a detail shop and $ 300 bucks to restore the finish . There should be a warning on the bottle for dark finishes .
 I 've used this polish on my black Nissan . Honestly , there was no difference between the polished and unpolished side . Most likely it is becuase my car at the time was 4 years old and the paint was not in great shape . A previous poster says that the website for the makers of the polish says to use oxidation remover . Maybe that is why the results were not so great . It is correct that it does say to use oxidation remover on the bottle -LRB- the main reason why I rated it so low -RRB- . On a side not , POLISH and WAX are not the same thing . Those words should not be used interchangably . A lot of reviews mix those words up horribly . Wax is what you do to your car AFTER you polish it . The description of the Nu Finish Polish even says that there is no wax in it .
 Applied in garage -LRB- in shade -RRB- after washing 08 BMW 328i Coupe . Had a hard time getting it off . It leaves little spots of powder on car that you practically have to use your finger nail to get off . Very frustrating . Better paying someone else to do car instead of torturing yourself with this product .
 Does n't penetrate as deeply as paste wax . I was not impressed with this product and will not be buying it again .
 It 's far less quality than other brand such as Meguiar 's Canauba Wax . Leave a lot of residues on your car after 3 weeks of application . If you wax under sunny weather as it 's advertised , you will have hard time to buff it off .
 I purchased the front -LRB- 33216 -RRB- and rear -LRB- 34216 -RRB- sets for my 99 Ford F250 Super Duty . I have to admit to myself that I 've had better at less of a price . The rear shocks seem to be ok . The front I 'm not sure how to describe . The spring back is good for the big bumps , but they do n't perform well for your average drive . I 'm kind of regret buying and I am a bit disappointed . I would have thought better from Edelbrock .
 Luckily I needed a right seat replacement because these floor mats do not come with holes to snap over the floor pegs to prevent slippage such as happened with Toyota . This does not present a hazard on the right and I could have cut holes if necessary ; this is the only reason I did not give them a one star .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Great mirrors , if you get a set that works . But after buying 2 sets and having to return them because one of the adjustment motors in the mirror would not work I was disappointed . Contacted the manufacture in an effort to fix the problem and they would not return calls . Amazon was great with the returns and crediting my account .
 I had someone stealing my gasoline out of my two cars . I purchased two locking caps , designated for each vehicle specifically , both made by the same company . For both automobiles , the check engine light came on during the first day of use . I took one car over and had the codes checked , and it came back as a `` pressure '' error for the tank , which is indicative of not putting the cap on tight . I did n't even bother having the other car 's codes cleared . I used both caps until we moved out of that neighborhood , then I put the factory caps back on and had the codes cleared . I never had a check engine light come back on . These caps , while locking as designed , did not `` fit '' properly and allowed for gasoline vapors -LRB- or whatever -RRB- to escape . If you do n't NEED a locking cap , do n't buy this . I would n't consider it an `` upgrade . ''
 Beware the 101G 11.5 volt Glow plug they sent me is not for a 2007 Sprinter 3500 3.0 V6 , I am assuming that the 10 means 10mm and my truck takes an 8mm glow plug
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 i recieved this product damaged . i think that it was damaged in the delivery service , but its been a pain trying to get a new one delivered to me . i am still playing phone tag at this company .
 I purchased one of these for my enclosed quad trailer . While at the dunes , I absent mindedly locked my keys inside the trailer . Two hits with a standard sized claw hammer and the lock-clench mechanism broke and the lock fell to the sand . TWO claw hammer hits from a thief taking whats in my trailer ... . thats about $ 25000 worth of UTV 's and quads . If I still owned this lock , I would grab a claw hammer and re-prove to myself that I need something better .
 I just bought a trailer and was pleased the seller was going to throw in this lock ... until he could n't find the key . A flat head screwdriver , a claw hammer and two clicks ... this baby was on the ground in pieces . I wo n't own one now .
 I had the same lock , an older one / different model . I had to break/cut it off one day and it was nearly impossible . When replacing it I decided to buy two more . One day I went to pick up the trailer I had the new lock installed on . I realized I did n't have the right set of keys with me . I did what we have all done at some point , I tried a different masterlock key , IT WORKED !!! Then I decided to try my other masterlock keys , THEY ALL WORKED !! EVERY ONE OF THEM , I could n't believe it . Random keys I have had for years , new keys , they all worked . I tried the keys on the other lock , they worked on it too . I had a fleeting thought of becoming a thief with my discovery .
 I 'm still in total disbelief , but after visiting our vintage Airstream last night we discovered someone had tried to steal it and had gotten as far as breaking off the hitch lock.I 've always trusted Master Lock , and perhaps this was just a very smart and resourceful thief + , but they were able to bust it off.Any lock I trust to , at the very least , not be busted open gets 1 star.Sorry Master Lock .
 I bought this lock 6 months ago and did n't use it much , just when i felt i needed it . The last time i used it the lock mechanism froze up so even though the key turned it would not come off my boat . I hit it with a big hammer from the back -LRB- just behind the key -RRB- under the tong of my trailer and it flipped right off . The bad part is that it did n't unlock , just came off , even though it was installed securely.Summery , the key will not always work but it is easy to remove with a hammer .
 The Mirrors work great -LRB- altho hard to install -RRB- , but the last two times I bought them on Amazon , I paid $ 245 , now they are $ 345 !!! What a Rip-off !!! Do n't buy them until the price comes back down . They are just some plastic and a piece of glass . $ 350 for plastic and glass is outrageous .
 Does this include `` TWO '' steps or just one . One image shows two steps but there is no commentary on this .
 ordered 50 oz reservoir and received 32 ounce one instead . box says 50 but the size is smaller and says 32 ounce on it .
 amazon mailed me the wrong size . I ordered 50 oz and they sent me the 35 oz . The amazon.com customer service rep told me to call Camelbak directly , like they are the ones that mailed me the wrong size , so this review is based on receiving wrong product , not reflection of Camelbak bladders in general which I love .
 Let me start off by saying the 1 star review has everything to do with Amazon.com and nothing to do with the product itself . But buyer be warned , if you THINK you are purchasing a Camelbak in the shape displayed , long top to bottom , you may be very surprised when a very short and wide Camelbak arrives instead . Amazon.com does n't allow me to easily see the part number of the item I was ordering so I had to assume that what is displayed on the Amazon product page is what I would be receiving . That was NOT the case with my purchase . This one is going back and I 'll buy it locally . This is the 3rd time purchased from Amazon this year where the actual item received differs wildly from what is advertised either in shape or color .
 Well I decided to order a camelback from here.I accidentally ordered the 45oz from plasma buddy but wanted the 72oz camelback from amazon . So i pretty much paid 15 and some change and I get $ 10 back . So i lost 5 dollars on which i could have used for the 72oz camel back . Thank You Plasma Buddy !! -LRB- NOT !!! -RRB-
 it has a hole and because i dont h.ave anymore the box , they cant change it 4 me .
 Purchased the 45oz and it was a nightmare . Bad plastic taste when i first got it . Cured this with some lemon juice but 2 days into my trip the horrible after taste was resurrected . Just as the taste was BACK i notice my BACK was wet . Took two days to tear a hole in this piece of trash . Stay away ...
 The good news . There was more light . The bad . The bulb literally exploded after one hour of use sending hot metal parts into the lens ruining it . I did not touch the bulb with my hand either . I then bought a new lens with a standard bulb . I will be staying with the standards .
 Bought these and had them installed on an 1989 Audi 100 that I did not drive much . The car became my only car . Took it on a vacation that just happened to be in a developing snow storm . Got up to about 9000 feet in elevation and lost all my headlights . This was very scary to be out in the middle of no where in a snow storm , slick snow covered roads at 8pm at night ... then all of the sudden total darkness . I was lucky to get stopped without going off the road in the ditch . First I thought maybe a wiring or switch problem . I was lucky to have some good Samaritans help me to my destination . I came back home in the daylight . Looked at it when I got home . Both bulbs BLOWN !!!! No wiring or switch problems . For those thinking I touched them ... no I did not . I have replaced many bulbs working in past years working as a mechanic . The only thing I can figure is the change in altitude and the pressure change caused them to blow . There was a little pressure pop when I took the bulbs out . That is really sad when you ca n't design a bulb to withstand atmospheric pressure changes . I will never buy these again !
 Installed these in my Montana , one burned out after two weeks -LRB- no , I did n't touch the glass bulb during installation -RRB- . My wife also commented after I installed these that they seemed much dimmer , she needed the fog lights on to actually see .
 I bought these as high beams to go with theGE Nighthawk Sport 9006bulbs in my low beams . Unfortunately , Amazon did n't have the 9005 Sport bulbs in stock , but their two-for-one deal was too good to pass up.Overall , I did n't see a huge difference between these and the stock Sylvania bulbs that came with my car . I was expecting the light to be whiter than the Nighthawk Sport bulbs , but they 're a bit yellow . They cover noticeably more distance , though.If you 're just looking for decent quality replacement bulbs , and Amazon still has a good sale going , I 'd recommend these . But if you 're going for a specific `` look '' , you 're going to be better off with the Nighthawk Sport bulbs .
 I expect more light from this product than the original bulbs.Nothing special.If you really need more light , you should buy another product.I was very dissapointed .
 The Nighthawk halogen bulbs are no better than standard halogen bulbs.I have used Sylvania Silverstreak in the past which actually are an improvement over standard halogens .
 I purchased the front -LRB- 33216 -RRB- and rear -LRB- 34216 -RRB- sets for my 99 Ford F250 Super Duty . I have to admit to myself that I 've had better at less of a price . The rear shocks seem to be ok . The front I 'm not sure how to describe . The spring back is good for the big bumps , but they do n't perform well for your average drive . I 'm kind of regret buying and I am a bit disappointed . I would have thought better from Edelbrock .
 Product came and it did not work , package looked like it was 25 years old . Amazon refunded money with no problem . Because of the age of the product I can not recomend .
 This device will not stick to your dashboard . But that is not such a big problem , because the compass does n't work . When you are driving straight north , it says you are going north-east , and so on .
 This compass does not glow in the dark . It also fell off the windshield of my car and shattered on the pavement the first day I had it .
 I thought since this was `` custom fit '' I would be satisfied . After about a month of daily use in the vehicle they started to bunch up and have become more trouble than they are worth . I felt like they were a total waste of money .
 I thought since this was `` custom fit '' I would be satisfied . After about a month of daily use in the vehicle they started to bunch up and have become more trouble than they are worth . I felt like they were a total waste of money .
 These work well , but I only noticed a slight difference from my stock bulbs , so they 're a little disappointing ...
 Gee they were packaged so nice when they were delivered , AND I DID gave them the year `` 2005 '' model `` Chrysler Town and Country '' and after I took the headlamp assembly apart and got the old bulbs out of the assembly and tried to match the connection up ??? only then did I discover that the the replacement bulbs were not even close to fitting the socket . . ALSO I was supposed to buy one and get ONE free and that did not even happen ... So now I 'm only stuck with two bulbs that do not fit instead of four ??? well whats up with that ??? from one that is very dis-a-pointed ... and out $ 35.00
 Within a week the Patirots emblems were completely worn off . The seller did issue a refund promptly and was very concerned with my needs . Excellant customer service and much appreciated
 difference is not perceptible in semi-urban areas where some lighting existsmaybe on a pitch dark road , the difference might be seen .
 I actually ordered two sets of these , one for each vehicle . Unfortunately , one of them was n't the proper one for my Avalanche . I have seen no difference in the effectiveness or brightness whatsoever . I 'm very dissappointed in the result
 The title says it all , this light bulbs wont Fit 2003 Ford Focus SVT , Fog Light Assembly . I ordered the light bulbs , I got the package , I was about to open it when I saw the electrical contacts were different to those used in the original ford light assembly . I even entered my vehicle info . and it said that `` this product will fit your 2003 Ford Focus SVT '' I am giving 1 star rating , not to the light bulbs themselves , but rather to Amazon 's system that told me it would fit . Now I have to return 'em and Amazon is charging me for it .
 While these bulbs are brighter than the stock Hyundai Elantra bulbs , the depth is not better . I was hoping these bulbs would shine deeper down the road .
 I purchased this product for use in my race car . It looks the same as a Lokar dipstick but that is where the similarities end . It fits loose in the case and when bolted to the bellhousing the dipstick binds inside the tube making it very hard to remove . When you try to insert the stick back into the tube it shaves material off the teflon stick making strands of plastic . I removed the unit and disgarded it . I now have an order placed for a Lokar unit .
 I purchased these mats as winter replacment mats for my Cadillac . I wanted to keep the original mats with the Cadillac Crests from getting damaged during the winter months . Salt mud snow etc. . The quality of these `` premium '' mats is good but nowhere near the factory mats cushion and feel as described on the site . Also the color matching left something to be desired . Mine were at least 4 shades darker than the factory ones that match the carpet exactly -LRB- as you would expect from the factory -RRB- . The fit however is good almost a perfect match to the originals . Bottom line , I could have paid half the price for the same quality mats at any auto parts store .
 I bought this to charge and maintain my travel trailer , which is on solar panels . This device is ONLY for ac current . You MUST keep it plugged into an ac outlet for it to work . It DOES NOT WORK and IS NOT compatible with solar panels or wind generators . . Seller , refuses to authorize a return ... I have been forced to file an A-Z claim in an attempt to return it and get my money back.This should have been a simple oops , wrong type , return .
 Well , the price was right and it was Amazon Prime eligible and I could have it in time for my Labor day trip . I placed the order August 29 and was expecting it August 31 . It had not arrived by the time I hit the road the evening of September 1 . Oh well , it will still be nice to have . When I finally got around to installing it , it clearly was not designed for my vehicle . The heating vents did not match the cut outs and there was a large piece of extra material that just covered up my glove box . It 's a shame and the very first bad experience I 've had with Amazon . And to learn that they expect me to eat the return cost ... that 's just wrong in my opinion . BIG FAIL !!!
 Product is supposed to unclog jammed grease joints and it did n't work for me on three joints that were clogged on a bucket truck
 Fit pretty well but The quality is poor . Hard to use a side view mirro when the objects are all wavy .
 The quality is not the best . It feels flimsy and like it 'll not stand the wear and tear of traveling well . It 's too much hassle to return . Live & learn .
 I brought this for a dodge ram 1500 for which it was recommended but the dumb thing will not lock . This is definitely a non locking cap .
 I got this for my car entered my info and they said it was for my car . . i got it and put it on and the darn thing will not lock !!! if your looking for a non locking gas cap THIS IS IT !!!
 Hello I recieved your product but surprised to learn that its very hard to open I do n't know if its your fault maybe I just got a bad one it 's very hard to open with key but I 'm trying to make dew it 's not worth trying to return it I rather just deal with it than to go without it ,
 The light last longer as 3 months on my truck -LRB- that 's the first time lights blow so fast -RRB- , quality was not that good clear focus about 10/100 more.I did purchase a pair of those and just blow on my truck and the ligths is not on all the time so i just use during night drive and rain time so was not realy 3 months or 2.000 hours , so I do not recomend the produt.Keep the regular GE is less expensive and go more hours .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I bought this fuel filter to replace the one on my Jeep . The old one was a Wix filter . I took the old one off and tried to put this new Fram Filter on but the 2 outlet connectors are too close together to allow for the two rubber hoses to coonect at the same time . I could not get the 2 hoses to connect so I took it off and put the Wix back on . I will be replacing the old Wix with a new Wix filter , not a Fram .
 What a piece of junk . Comes apart too easily when using to wash cars and then is difficult to put back together without tearing the rubber rings . A waste of $ 20 .
 THE COMPANY HAD SENT ME THE WRONG MIRROR I HAD TRIED TRIED TRIED TRIED CONTACTING THE COMPANY EVEN LEFT MESSAGES AND E-MAILS EVEN CALLED AMAZON THEY SAID COULD TAKE UP 2 14 DAYS BEFORE A REFUND OR REPLACEMENT I HAVE ELECTRIC MIRRORS NOT MANUAL I GAVE THIS COMPANY EVERY OPPORTUNITY 2 TRY AND SETTLE THIS LIKE THEY WERE REAL PROFESSIONALS BE4 I CONTACTED AMAZON WELL THEY FAILED I WILL NEVER EVER EVER EVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN AND IF AMAZON DO N'T TAKE CARE OF THIS 2 I WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH SITE PERIOD I USUALLY DO CONDUCT MY BUSINESS WITH E-BAY BUT E-BAY DID N'T HAVE WHAT I NEEDED SO SELLER I WOULD LIKE U 2 C IF UR STILL GOING 2 HANDLE THIS LIKE PROFESSIONALS CUZ MY NEXT STEP IS 2 TURN U IN2 THE BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU SO I 'LL KEEP ON CONTACTING THE COMPANY TIL THEY GET TIRED OF IT
 I bought it to help wipe the windows of my car after a wash , but it did n't glide smoothly over the window surface and wipe the water . Instead , it kept dragging and left smear marks from the rubber probably burning against the window . Not sure if there 's a ` correct ' way of using it , but I could n't figure it out ... So I really ca n't recommend this at all .
 After buying 3 different squeegee 's from Amazon based on 4 star glowing reviews , I have determined that all these people must have stock in these companies . Please check out all my reviews of these worthless products . This squeegee has double lips on it creating a chattering noise that will wake everybody in the house if you shower @ 5am . It hardly removes any water off the glass Doors and tile shower and it does not come with a hanger . The rubber is very ridged and hardly flexes . I bought a $ 1.99 Squeegee from Walmart a year ago and it was the best $ 1.99 I ever spent . Going there tomorrow since I can not trust these reviews at all anymore .
 I received the product , but without the insert to wipe off windows , so it is n't much use . I 've never purchased one before , but this is disappointing-it does nothing . Have to contact customer service , I guess . Overall , not impressed so far .
 I 've been trying to find a reliable window squeegee for quite some time that will clean windows without streaking . This one is n't it .
 If there was 0 star , I would rate this garbage 0 star . I do n't know what the previous reviewer got . The one I got was useless . It does n't clean the water at all . I will throw it into garbage if I can not return it or the shipment is too much . Never buy it or you will regret , just like me . I bought it because the previous reviewer rated it 5 stars . Perhaps s/he got a different thing .
 This Kit although it works is quite pricey for what you get . Basically it 's a paintstick tube in which you draw your soapy water up and push out while scrubbing your car . The wash end of this does n't do as well as a nice soft brush dipped in a bucket . The squeegy to dry the car with does n't lay flat enough to evenly take the water off . 2 thumbs down for this kit .
 I bought these for my rear Stop lights thinking they would be brighter -LRB- and therefor safer -RRB- . They are no better at all than the Stock 2 dollar sylvania bulbs they replaced , when used for Stop and Running lights in the rear . I would have returned them if possible , but no way to re-package them .
 After I used this item couple of months , it stopped working properly.Maybe it is because of rain , I do n't know.But right now , it gives the alarm sound even if it is detached and unlocked.No matter what I did , it is always acting like it is attached and locked.So I take out the battery and use it just as a `` lock '' without the alarm feature.If the garage is outdoors , this is not the item for you.By the way , I bought it for my bike -LRB- Honda CBR600RR ' 05 -RRB- .
 The rigid , saddle shaped washing surface is not suitable for washing flat surfaces . There is a 1 inch depression in the middle which means only the edges make good contact with the surface that you are washing . Even on a curved surface , the head does not swivel , which means you constantly are trying to adjust the stick angle to get better contact of the mop head with the surface you are washing , and it darn near impossible . This all requires much more effort than using a plain sponge , or my favorite car washing tool , a shaggy mitt with nylon mesh on the other side . I have used the Wash Stick twice on my car and will not use it again . This tool would be much improved if the head were flat instead of concave .
 Just buy a sponge mop and bucket and save $ $ . The head on this stick does not swivel , pivot , flex , or otherwise make it easy to use.The stick part does not fill over 3/4 with liquid . Also it has no ` lock ' -- just moving the thing across the car causes the stick to push liquid out so that it empties and needs refilling just as often as you would dunk a regular sponge mop . I 'm returning it .
 This wash stick is useless . It actually broke the first time I tried to use it , the 2 pieces coming apart where it extends . I got it put back together , but it would n't stay extended with any pressure being applied at the brush . If you only need it to wash 3 ' up , fine , but I threw it in the trash that day .
 Item is made from plastic and will break if dropped at all . Pieces that are supposed to be glued together are n't or the break off real quick . Do not try to put pressure on this for scrubbing as it will fall apart . I purchased this to clean my rv . . what a joke . Very messy you get soaked . Head is only about 8 inches and will take forever to do ... that is if it does n't break before your done . Do n't waste your money on this !
 The soapy water fill works great - the thing that does n't seem to work is keeping the cloth on the head . Once it gets wet it seems to fall off . Also , the curve on the part that holds the cloth on is too extreme . One other con is the odd blind , closed plastic nib opposite the head - it seems to get in the way when trying to do the wheelwells . Parts of this are well designed , but the problems outweigh the positives .
 I bought this and just washed my car with it . It is curved and does not work well on flat surfaces -LRB- like a car -RRB- . I read another review that really states well the issues that I have with this product so I will repeat what it said : &#34; The rigid , saddle shaped washing surface is not suitable for washing flat surfaces . There is a 1 inch depression in the middle which means only the edges make good contact with the surface that you are washing . Even on a curved surface , the head does not swivel , which means you constantly are trying to adjust the stick angle to get better contact of the mop head with the surface you are washing , and it darn near impossible . This all requires much more effort than using a plain sponge , or my favorite car washing tool , a shaggy mitt with nylon mesh on the other side . I have used the Wash Stick twice on my car and will not use it again . This tool would be much improved if the head were flat instead of concave . &#34;
 I was under the impression , somehow , that this wash stick attached to a hose . It does n't . You fill up the small reservoir in the handle instead . It works OK with a bucket . The mop end is sort of a skeep-skin affair . I think it would hold up reasonably well if you used it on a car , but it will fray to pieces pretty quick if you try to use it on painted wood , as I did .
 This item is not more useful than a simple rag.I does not connect to your hose as I thought it would .
 It is OK , but the glass mirror is shaking when the car is beyond certain speed like 50 miles/h !
 i orderd the bearing locknut socket for my 93 ford f150 the tool that was sent to me looks like the picture but was wrong for my truck the tool that was sent was for an 83 gmc 1ton pickup vary disapointed because the part number thats on the tool is the one thats on the screen with a wrong discription
 so i ordered this mirror for my car and it turns out to be way too big even though it was supposed to be sized for my car ... i didnt even bother sending it back ... iw was too pissed and i dont have time for that ...
 I ordered a black Dashmat for my 1992 Cadillac Seville . It arrive timely enought , but went downhill from there . It does not accurately fit into the space of the dashboard top , and overhangs the dash about 2 inches . It is too wide and does not line-up with the defrost vent . Poor quality obviously not made for my exact model of Cadillac , 1992 Seville , the model just prior to the Northstar change . I 'm so disgusted that I do n't even feel like wasting the time to send it back . Thanks for the wasted time and money . Tom Wolf , -LRB-760-RRB-270-4515 .
 Bought this chain for my shorttrack bike . I looked and then measured . I have purchase Tsubaki chain for my 500 's in the past and this chain looks to be lighter duty with contour cut side plates -LRB- Figure 8 -RRB- vs. oval plates -LRB- more meat -RRB- . I have real doubts about this chain being adequate for race use . The chain otherwise appears to be of Japanese origin , is properly sized and manufactured . I would feel a better if there was comparison data available to review . This chain vs. the DID chain # 219FTSS-106 . I can find data for the DID chain , but nothing for Tsubaki.If you 're a racer use at your own risk , probably OK for stock.pcnsd
 I got the defelector without the magiclip and I ca n't install it on the vehicle and I have no way to contact Amazon , wont give you any option than return the product . this is very silly .
 The CL series all have SNELL ratings , except the XXXL size . I was disqualified for a race as a result . Too bad I do n't know how to shrink my head ...
 This software is n't particularly useful . It allows you to record your test results but that is the end of it 's usefullness . There is no code lookup within this program . I assumed I needed the software to get full usefullness out of my code reader but that is n't accurate . I would n't purchase this software again .
 I had previously purchased an AutoXray CodeScout 1500 -LRB- which I like very much -RRB- . I recently purchased the EZ-PC 500 program because , according to the description in Amazon , `` It is designed to work in conjunction with the EZ-Scan line of products that read live vehicle data . The PC is used to create data graphs and charts for a more complete understanding of engine activity and problems . '' It turns out my CodeScout -LRB- part of the EZ-Scan line of products -RRB- is NOT able to send information back to the EZ-PC program , so it can not do any of those things listed above . There are some EZ-Scan products the program will read information from , and some it wo n't ... so make sure before you purchase this product . Also , it comes with a serial-port connector , so if you do n't have a serial port on your PC you will have to get an adapter .
 My PC is runing on Windows 7 64 bit , EZ-PC 500 will not work with this operating system , drivers are not available yet . Every time I call AutoXray tech support they tell me they are working on it and drivers will be out soon , that was in the summer of 2011 , as of now still nothing . Windows 8 will be out before they get around to it . As of now this software is useless to me .
 Does exactly what it says and nothing more . Only allows you yo get basic updates from web . You have to purchase alot of other upgrades to get much of the functionality that one might desire from this product . It Also came in damaged packaging like it had been had been opened at the factory and then someone tried to put it back in without sucess . The cd was a little scuffed up like it had been used before , but the software still installed fine . Does it work ; yes . Would i buyit agian ; no .
 I got this Item form Amazon and I made it perfectly clear 2x 's to make sure the pc cabel came with my purchase.An was told yes both . When it arrived no cabel.Complained and returned and was credited back to paypal .
 The SureDrain system by Fram , I thought would be a good idea for a clean , easy oil change , but I wo n't use it again . After my conventional oil change , I installed the SureDrain , no problems . When it came time for the first SureDrain oil change I unscrewed the brass cap and began to screw on the hose attachment to allow for draining . While turning the hose attachment , I noted there was not a swivel in the hose so I had to allow the hose to turn with the nut and also make sure the hose did not come off of the nut , it is just a slip on fit . Once the hose attachment was completely engaged , the oil began to drain , slowly . Note , the oil was warm so the slow draining was not due to oil temperature . When it was finished , down to a few drips , I removed the hose attachment . At this time I was curious , did all the oil drain from the pan ? I removed the SureDrain valve attachment and noted at least a half quart more oil flooded out of the pan . I said to myself , `` no thanks SureDrain '' . I put all the SureDrain aside and returned to the original drain plug . The SureDrain sounded like a good idea but if it prohibits all the oil from draining , I would rather not use it . Also the wrangling I had to go through screwing on the drain hose and hoping while doing this the hose did n't come off just when the oil decided to start draining , helped me decide to discard the SureDrain .
 There is a better product out in the market being sold by Fumoto engineering . It is self locking drain valve that replaces drain plug similar to Fram . For oil change , attached hose and turn the valve 1/4 turn . I am using on 2 vehicles for past 4 years with out any problem .
 This oil cap is a piece of garbage , and it does not fit a Mustang Cobra like it says it does . Do n't trust and do n't buy !
 We received our Power Wheels as a hand-me-down . The original owners lost the charger so I came to Amazon to replace it . When the charger arrived , I originally thought it did not match the battery that Amazon says it should go to -LRB- the grey battery with a three section opening -RRB- . Eventually I realized that the connector from the actual Jeep to the battery and the connector from the charger to the battery do not look alike -LRB- at all -RRB- but both work . When this charger is inserted into the center portion of the grey battery opening , it will work perfectly . It took me about a month to realize that because I thought the connector should fill all three holes instead of just the one . Once I figured that out , we were golden . My kids love this toy now.I had to come back and edit my original review where I indicated they do n't match . I ca n't seem to edit my star rating but I now think it 's a 5 star item and I would recommend this charger .
 ordered this may 30th & when the product is scheduled to arrive I got an email saying it was out of stock & would be back in stock in 2 weeks !! you disappoint ! : -LRB-
 Fell off first time I went through a car wash . Spend the big bucks and replace the whole thing would be my suggestion -LRB- and what I did -RRB- .
 The Mirror fell off from its position while the vehicle was in motion , within 2-3 hours of installation . Installation was done as directed .
 I had these less than a year on my car with new pads , The right rotor is warped already.I will not buy these ever again
 I 've had two of the flag hitch covers . If you only use them in good weather and no car washes you 'll be fine . In the Northeast with the snow , salt , car washes in the winter , etc. , they just do n't hold up . The colored inserts will fall out of the soft metal backing , too bad because they do really look nice . And the company did replace the first one when the inserts fell out -LRB- so I guess I 've really had three -RRB- .
 Yes it was a mirror but not any where the correct size or shape it was supposed to be , I can get by with it but it 's not what it was supposed to be .
 its cheap and the strips that came with it didnt not work rip-off save your money.we saw that they sale hole mirrors on here much better investment
 I replaced the fuel filter in my mom 's 1998 Civic , my old car . I have babied this car ever since I bought it new , there 's nothing wrong with this car , $ 150K and going strong . I replaced the fuel filter and now the car makes a whistling high pitched noise . Next weekend I 'll be taking it out and installing a genuine Honda fuel filter . A waste of time , stay away from this thing .
 I applied these two products over the course of several days . I started with the all in one to remove the oxidation . The car is a 2000 Volvo S40 so the red paint was oxidized and I expected that . I worked it in really well on the hood , roof , and trunk lid . I finished and the car was shining nicely.I came back the next day to do the gloss . The gloss is amazingly hard to spread evenly . I did small areas at a time , once again concentrating on the roof , hood , and trunk lid . I finally got it buffed to my liking after ~ 2 hours . It rained the next day and I admired the tight bead of the water.Today I went out to give the car a quick wash and I find that the water spots from the rain are visible on the paint even after the wash ! Somehow they have sunken in . I never had this problem before I used Klasse . Tomorrow I will have to spend another afternoon with Guardian Automotive Paint Protector and good old Turtle Wax removing the water spots.It 's a shame I spent $ 50.00 on a product that actually makes paint worse . I will never use it again . If I could find Klasse 's website I would email their customer service and complain .
 I ordered the c1110pl to replace a filter on my boat and it arrived not looking the same as the Fram c1110pl that I wanted to replace . The new one did not have the rubber top and bottom to it . I feel this helped the filter housing from sucking air . So either Fram changed the filter design or a supplier making the part is not making it the same way .
 This helmet is too heavy ; it hurts my neck on long rides . A lot of wind noise . Visor operation sticky . Tight chin pads a bit uncomftorable . I would not recommend this helmet . I 'm better off with my old HJC helmet.No problem with seller fast delivery and good price
 I have lived my entire life in Alaska where winter can be from the end of September through May sometimes so I 've used quite the variety of ice scrapers in my life , from the spendy fad-of-the-year scrapers to credit cards and fingernails.I grew up with the brass bladed ice scrapers as the ONLY kind of scraper but -LRB- until recently made available on Amazon -RRB- they had become almost impossible to find . We went for years without the brass bladed scrapers and had to make do with dozens of substitutes , including these `` Bear Claw '' scrapers in their variety of forms.The thing about most plastic bladed scrapers , including these by Hopkins , is that if you have any kind of decent ice or frost on your windows the scraper generally first scrapes off the top layer of frost and THEN the ice itself and almost always in tiny parallel stripes , not one big stripe the width of the blade . Sometimes a newer scraper will work okay for awhile but it never lasts long . Not only that but the plastic with its fluted design becomes very brittle in colder weather and ends up breaking and looking like it is missing `` teeth '' . If you 're careful one of these can last a few years but in my opinion why bother when it is such an inferior tool for the job?I instead heartily recommend theCJ Industries F101 Fantastic Ice Scraper with Brass Blade -LRB- what a mouthful -RRB- . I recently received one of these from my father that he 'd had for the past 25 years , bequeathing it to me like a priceless family heirloom - because we thought they were no longer made . Everyone in my household fights over my brass-bladed scraper because it does the job fast and well . And its a few bucks cheaper than this plastic piece of crap by Hopkins .
 It 's depressing that these scrapers have gained a near-monopoly in retail stores . Most have small manufacturing defects -- little chips or protrusions on the edge -- which make it impossible to remove all of the ice or frost in one pass . Although the design has the potential to conform the scraping edge to curved glass , the plastic is too stiff for that to happen effectively.I 've had much better luck with brass-blade scrapers . These will not scratch most windshields -LRB- though I 've experienced significant scratching in cheaply-made windshields -RRB- .
 This is a cheap too the coating on it is just gray paint and there are obvious defects in the metal.Don ' t buy this it is not for impact use they even stamped it in the metal.If you plan on using an impact buy the gray pneumatic tool # 2413 or the specialty products # 33105 . They are ok for impact use .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 This part was good do not know how it work because it was the wrong part for my car they need to change the look up . this is not for a 2005 chevy malibu
 requested for remote fob clicker but this is incomplete.do i need to buy the other part?Keyless Entry Remote Fob Clicker for 2006 Mazda MPV With Do-It-Yourself Programming
 Hello All ! it not compatible with my car . Mazda 6i 2005 2.3 . now , what can i do ? i pay for Oxygen Sensor , but something wrong . in the box written BOSCH , but inside in the sensor written DENSO ! why ? it wo different brant !
 I purchased a 6voit optima Red Top battery in Nov. 2011 for my 1947 New Yorker . The battery lost it charge in May 2012 . You can not return batteries to amazon , so I called Optima about warranty and was told that amazon was not an authorized dealer.Optima even said they did not know where amazon got the batteries from.Now I am in the process of replacing this at my expense . Ask before you buy .
 I have used Optima batteries in several vehicles since the early nineties and have been satisfied until the last three years . I have had consistent failures with two sets of yellow tops in my duel battery equipped pick up trucks . They died after very light use and would not accept any form of re charging.I will not buy Optimas again .
 I 've used optima batteries for years . two red tops in my diesel lasted 7 years . When they died , I purchased two blue tops because the blue tops have more insulation and durability and are supposed to last 10 years , those batteries are still running fine . So when I purchased a new truck and it needed a battery , I was very happy to purchase another blue top optima for it . Little did I know that the quality is now horrible . For proof you only need to look at the change in the warranty coverage . it changed in 2009 . The other optima batteries I bought were pre-2009 and they are great . But this new optima I bought post 2009 just outlasted its warranty and died . It wo n't charge past 6 volts which is telling me that something must have broke inside and half the cells are now dead . Its a very expensive battery to only last 3 years , especially when the pre 2009 batteries I have are now 6 years old and still going strong.You should be aware that you used to be able to get a three year replacement warranty plus another 3 year pro rated warranty on the red tops . a six year warranty !!! Now that was a statement about quality and best of all it was a warranty that I never needed . But post 2009 now they only give you 3 years . Its sad when a trusted company reduces its quality . But like they say , fool me once shame on you , and I can tell you there will not be a second time . beware because poor quality is going to catch up to you especially when you advertise it as a premium product . For me I am simply going to go back to purchasing regular batteries for less than half the price of these . Optima Fail .
 I can remember when you could buy a Optima Battery that you could count on to give you good service , and last several years longer then the warranty.Istarted having problems one month after the warranty expired .
 I tried an Optima Red Top with high hopes of getting at least 5-6 years out of it.Well , try 3 1/2 years and no pro-rated warranty.No extra battery load , just standard equipment.Was maintained with a trickle charge as they recommend on their web site.The batteries good looks are misleading as the overall performance was surprisinglya disappointment.Perhaps the technologies will improve in the future , but for now , you do n't get what you pay for with Optima . . : -LRB-
 Just got the battery delivered . It is severly cracked on the bottom and the top at the terminal . All it had was a thin piece of cardboard as packing material . What a joke ! How many complaints do they need before they fix the packaging problem ?
 Below is a copy of the email I got from Optima regarding a battery purchased from Amazon.So be aware the the money you are thinking you are saving maybe costing you big time . You should also know that for marine batteries Otima is strongly reccomending the use of there $ 200 charger to keep them charged properly.Hello John , Amazon.com is not an authorize online OPTIMA retailer , We do not know where they acquire the OPTIMA batteries nor does Amazon.com honor the OPTIMA warranty .
 I purchased my first Red top Optima battery from O'Reilly Auto 7/19/2008 . Fortunately it failed 1 week before the replacement warranty ran out 7/11/2011 -LRB- 3 yrs -RRB- . The replacement Optima battery I got lasted 5 months -LRB- 2000 miles -RRB- before it too started to fail -LRB- would n't hold charge -RRB- . Even thou it was n't that old O'Reilly would n't exchange it due to Optima 's 3 yr . replacement warranty with NO PRO RATED EXCHANGED ! Spending another $ 200.00 + for a battery that does n't last more then 3 yrs . was a bit outrageous , so I purchased a Super Start 36/78 from O'Reilly for $ 112.00 knowing I 'll be somewhat covered for the next 6 yrs.I find it disturbing that Optima sells these batteries for $ 200.00 - $ 250.00 with no pro-rated exchange knowing they wo n't last for more then 3 yrs !
 Over the past 5 years I have purchased 3 Optima batteries . The first one lasted just past it 's warranty date and then failed . It was a red top . The last two were very expensive blue top marine deep cycle/starting batteries purchased at the same time and put in the same boat . The batteries operated through a Perko switch set on ALL . They charged together and discharged together . They are just now 37 months old . One has failed completly and the other still works . The warranty is 18 month free replacement and 18 month prorated . So here again no warranty help.Most battries that you purchase for $ 200 + have a 48 or 60 month warranty . Optima does not . The company would go out of business if it had to honor warranties that other battery manufactures offer . Optima is just a lot of hype . I have learned my lesson and will never purchase another Optima battery.Optima is owned by Johnson Controls and moved their manufacturing plant to Mexico . In Mexico they are not held to strict enviornmental laws and employ cheap labor . They now offer only a 24 month warranty , period . I guess they know how long their battery is good for .
 I have used optmas in my cars since the 90s . I have used them in my 87 Buick GN and multiple corvettes . They were the best . However the last copule of years something has changed . I use to let my vettes sit for weeks and they would start without a problem . Now they cant sit for more than two weeks without going dead . Once they are dead forget about charging them . 6 months ago I changed the optima n my 90 Callaway vette to an interstate and can go a month with out a charge . i also examined the electrical system the only draw is the clock and factory security light . Tonight the same problem in my GN . The car sat for three weeks -LRB- red top Battery is 3 months old -RRB- and the battery is dead and wont take a charge . I never had a problem with the yellow tops or red tops in the 90s , and now I have the same problems with both . I think something was changed in theses batteries and I am now done .
 Bought this on 3-09 realized it was bad when I summarized my boat 4-11 , one month after the Warranty was out , started to notice it was going out last summer but thought it was sulfated and bought a ctek charger to take care of it in the winter . I had bought a walmart battery at the same time with a perco switch just in case and the walmart is still able to start my boat but the optima will not even crank the motor over ! Called to optima and they were thrilled that the battery was just out of warranty and did not even want to help !! I got about 7 months out of this battery . I would have considered even giving them a chance if they would have at least prorated a new one since the battery has not been in use since October of last year , im 31 and have a lot of battery 's to buy in my lifetime but it will not be an optima !!
 I 've bought nothing but Optima batteries for my boats since 2002 and used to love them . No servicing was required and they used to last more than five years , on average , vs. one or two years for conventional batteries . Lately , I 've had very bad luck with my AC Battery Charger on my boat -LRB- replaced it in Oct 09 and again in Feb 10 -RRB- . Once these batteries were discharged they never came back up .
 I 've purchased about 6 total Optima batteries over the last ten or so years for various vehicles . I have had to replace THREE -LRB- not concurrently -RRB- at right about 1 year of use * under warranty * due to the battery not holding a charge.Actually , last night , my 2005 car would n't start . Dead battery . I parked the car for about 2 hours , no lights on , etc. to come back to a dead battery . The thing is - I replaced this battery a year ago for the same issue . Alternator checked out , etc. on the car , and putting the OE battery back in -LRB- yes , I 've kept it -RRB- worked like a champ.I took mine back to my local Optima dealer -LRB- where I purchased it -RRB- , and they tested it as `` internally faulted '' -LRB- the same as the old one -RRB- , so it is not due to a broken charging system , etc.The other units I 've taken back -LRB- both red and yellow tops -RRB- failed around 1 year as well , in different vehicles ... Granted - the replacements for them seemed to last until I sold the vehicles ... Again , I 've never abused the Optimas - and do n't have any mods to my vehicles ... This CA N'T be coincidence , especially since the OE batteries in the aforementioned vehicles were in perfect shape when replaced - and all lasted over a year , and are still running great in one of the vehicles ... I 'm personally going to look into the Exide Orbital in the future ... Maybe they have perfected the technology .
 Well , I should have heeded the poor packing feedback left by others . These are great batteries but Amazon is not the place to buy them . Battery arrived with only one sheet of brown paper for `` padding '' . Box was destroyed and battery top broken . Amazon promptly refunded my money but this issue needs to be corrected . Please do n't waste your time or money on this item . Buy locally .
 per description
 Decal is fine but the sizing is so far off . It 's only about 7 inches wide . I bought it to cover a scratch on the back of my car and wasted the money . I need to re-buy another one .
 I purchased the set of two Park Smart parking mats as a simple alternative to hanging a tennis ball on a string which would hit the windshield when my car was sufficiently inside the garage to close the door . But even with stickum on the bottom the mats slipped on the smooth floor of the garage and the car hit the workbench time and again . I may say the service I got through amazon.com was first rate ; it 's the product I found wanting .
 I bought two of these - and they :1 -RRB- do n't stay in place2 -RRB- it is hard for me to line up and drive directly over them3 -RRB- the bump are pretty substantial to drive over -LRB- feels like I ran over an animal -RRB- Reasons why it does n't work for me :1 -RRB- drive a small front wheel drive car2 -RRB- Wheels are small3 -RRB- concrete floors are smooth and dustyoveral i feel like these either do n't work or i am just using them wrong . .
 We took this out of the packaging and it worked great the first time . I loved the clear readout . After that , it stopped working and just displayed `` L '' within a few months . I do n't recommend this product .
 It lets more air out than it reads the pressure - thought it was a user problem - but my daughter had the same problem .
 I ordered two of this same product . One worked and one did not . Straight out of the box I tested it on my own tires and the display never worked . I tried taking out the batteries however , this was far from easy . I undid the plastic but replacing the battery is nearly impossible ! When I overlooked the product the manufacture date is from 2008 . Maybe this is the explanation for why the product no longer works . : -LRB-
 Wish it would work . All I could get was 0 . Occasionally , some other number would pop up , which I know was way off .
 Within 5 seconds it can drain all the air out of a bicycle tire . It then accurately reads 0 lbs pressure . That was the only reading that I was able to get from it .
 Could not get it to read anything other than `` 7 '' . Period . Got it for motorcycles , so it could go on a key chain and be handy at a gas station . Had to send it back . Tried it on auto tires , moto tires , bicycle tires . 7 . Maybe I just got the dud , but I would not bother with anything else from this company .
 The below statement is a Joke . It could NOT remove the lug nuts on my new Silverado.Granted they were torqued above specs and my 250 # torque wrench but I ended up braking them lose with a breaker bar.I bought this to replace a cheapo Impact and at the end of the day it 's not much better.I 'm Very disappointed . -LRB- 550 Ft-Lbs Maximum TorqueThe 2130 provides an impressive 550 ft. / lbs . of maximum torque -LRB- 50 - 500 ft. / lbs . working torque -RRB- to tackle the tough jobs . -RRB-
 My 15 year old model 231 will run rings around this 2130 impact . This impact is rated higher than the old 231 but does not perform . I have a 90 psi air system with a refrigerated dryer . Out of the box it would not pull bearings off as well as my old on . I guess Ingersoll Rand has lost its quality .
 After much research , and reading everyone 's reviews , I purchased the IR 2130 . I opted for the 2130 over the 2132 because based on information on Amazon and Ingersoll-Rand corporate website , it appeared the specs for two were very closely matched , and I could n't justify spending the extra money . However , to my surprise , when I received the 2130 today and actually read the owner 's manual , it states the recommended FWD torque range is 25 to 350 ft.lbs . However , the corporate website shows the FWD torque range is 50 to 500 ft.lbs . So what 's the real value ? And why such a huge difference between the website information , and the actual owner 's manual ? I expected a little better consistency from IR 's communication .
 I am very disappointed with this tool . It works hard just to take off medium-torque lug nuts . It could barely break loose a ball joint on my Dakota using an impact-driven ball-joint separator . This is marketed as a `` heavy duty '' impact wrench ?!? What a joke ! If I ever have a son I will let him use this to work on his tricycle but otherwise this is not fit for work in ANY kind of garage . The 550 ft-lb rating is only in reverse . It can only tighten to 350 ft lbs . I am very doubtful of those figures . It sems to apply the same amount of torque as my 20 year-old rockwell I bought at a garage sale for $ 5 . Also , the manual states that to achieve the full torque output , you need 22 CFMs from your air compressor . I 'm not going to go buy a $ 3000 compressor just to run this piece of crap .
 I purchased the impact for the 550 ft lbs . The impact was not at all powerfull . I was decieved by the comments and the price . Buyers beware . If you want a powerfull impact , this is not the route !!!
 Was not strong enough to remove lugs from my truck.returned it . cant say that i would recommend it to any one
 It stinks and thank god the smell lasted less than 5 daysThis was a waste of money !!!!!!!! do not buy
 Ordered a pair of these for my '78 Ford . I had thought that Raybestos , being a known name , was a quality product . WRONG ! These LOOK like the proper part , but the threads are all METRIC . Made in China . Not wanting to re-plumb my brakes to metric , I threw these in the trash and headed down to the local NAPA store to get proper parts -LRB- something I should have done in the first place -RRB- . I will never buy auto parts from Amazon again . Books , yes .
 Not custom fitted . Do not fit the back seat of a 03 Cadillac CTS as promised . Front ones fit but not as snug as they should be .
 this hitch plug looked great new but after a couple of yearsit was just about rusted through . if you buy it keep it waxedor forget about it
 It does n't really stick onto the cracked exhaust manifold/catalytic converter . The layer of Thermosteel I applied even cracked after it got heated . Its easy to take out too .
 this did not work for me on a header , it cracked and flaked off over time . I dont think anything works , I ended up buying a new exhaust manifold .
 A human ca n't get an exhaust manifold clean enough for this product to properly bond.Before applying
 I tried to use this to repair a stove grate -LRB- the thing that sits on top of the fire on the stove -RRB- , did n't work well for me .
 if the car was upsidedown you mght be able to apply the water based mixture carefully so as not to have it on the floor whilst you dab overhead . i used a full container on a hole which failed 4 days later
 This stuff is junk , followed the directions and it will not hold . Do not waste your time or money on this . It is pure junk .
 blue magic thermo steel ha dont make me laff the magic is that they got me to buy it even after i look at the reviews it too watered down it dont stick it just dont work plz do not buy this
 BANDO 6PK1700 did not fit my 2008 ALTIMA 3.5 SE , also the same belt recommended by BANDO WEBSITE . This belt has 6 ribs and the original belt has 7 ribs . It seems to be good as far as the lenght but too narrow . As usual AMAZON is very quick on refunding the full amount . The reason for one star is because of the fitment to my car . I will still recommend BANDO brand because of the high quality belt they produced . Might just work but I will never take a chance .
 This was supposed to be a plug and play . And i had to customize to make work . Do not order this item . Not plug and play like seller says !
 This was a total waste of money ! The male terminal does not fit properly into the ingition side of the harness and good luck with the instructions on installation . There is plenty of room on the factory harness to connect the wires with no problems.The vendor was very prompt and I had no issues with thier service , I would buy from them again .
 Like one other person said , the harness DOES NOT fit all the way into the ignition harness . After making the grooves longer , trimming plastic off the front and everywhere else , the harness still did not fit completely into the steering column . I chopped the t-harness as much as I could ... all the grooves are gone and I even shaved plastic off the top but it still did not fit . It comes very close , but it does n't snap in . I tried pushing as hard as I could with my hands and even with a pair of pliers , but gave up at the risk of bending a pin inside or even breaking where the harness plugs into on the steering column . I tried to make the grooves on the t-harness wider and even pried the metal on the inside open a little more to try to make it fit . I 'm guessing one of the holes for the pins is n't lined up right or something is wrong with that end of the t-harness . The other end of the harness is a perfect fit . I did try to start my truck with the t-harness in and it did start , but unless the t-harness clips into place , I 'm not going to use it . I 'm not taking the risk of it bouncing out or pulling out . Save your money and splice your factory harness ... this only saves you from splicing into 6 wires.The instructions were terrible . They were just a tiny piece of paper that said to plug in the t-harness , hook it up to your remote starter and test it out . There were no diagrams and the instructions in general were just lousy . You have to splice your remote starter main wire harness into the t-harness ... the instructions never said anything about that . `` T '' Harness for GM Applications
 Would of been better if they put the years the harness honored Did not fit my Truck Had to return item
 I believe the claims to fit both a side post and top post battery are very misleading and inaccurate . Since I live out in the country , I bought this thinking I could install it without additional parts . As well , the fused link defeats the purpose of a battery disconnect . When I tried to install this on a side post battery there are in sufficient parts to complete the installation . There is no way to connect the cable to the other end of the switch . To use this I had to travel to town -LRB- I live 50 miles from town -RRB- and get nuts and bolts -LRB- $ 2.20 -RRB- to get it to work . I you install the fused link , then you still get battery drain from the on-board electronics and within a short week -LRB- at least in a GMC pickup -RRB- the battery is dead . I do NOT recommend the purchase of this switch for a side post battery .
 It should be simple , disconnect old cable , put this on , and reattach cable.However , the terminal post for the cable is too small for normal battery cables . No amount of tighting the cable bolt will firm it up for a decent connection.I 've tried two different kinds of these to install on two different cars , and both have the same problem.Now , I 'm out to find some soft copper sheeting to make up for the difference.The switch itself seems quite solid and simple to use . If you 're not concerned about the memory settings maintained by the jump line -LSB- this draws current too -RSB- , get a cheaper one for $ 11.99 .
 Product appears to be made of heavy metal however it is brittle when I attempted to tighten it so it would be secure on the post it broke in half at the bolt . Overall the product appears well made , however if you decide to purchase be extremely careful when securing it to the battery .
 worked well at first , then the knob became hard to turn . eventually , I could n't turn it at all . somehow I think the connections stuck together . Conclusion
 I wanted to say good things about this product . I NEEDED this spout to replace one for one of my 5-Gallon gas cans . Someone actually stole the spout from one of my gas cans , if you can beleive that . This spout is smaller so pours more slowly , plus , just the other day , it snapped off and broke from the slightest of pressure . I would NOT recommend this product . Honestly , it was a wasted purchase for me , to say the least !!! Ken j.Nehalem , ORNW Oregon Coast
 Leaked everywhere badly , required a lot of phone calls , would n't give refund , referred to someplace else , initially bought 2 units , was sent extra washers after complaint , still leaked , they requested I upload photos to prove , I did n't have digital camera at time , was finally sent 2 more units , got 1 to work , the other gave me trouble , practiced with water so as to not waste gas , may have gotten second to work but I do n't have very much confidence in it , may still go back to old cap , sick of making calls , purchased nearly a year ago .
 Paid a lot of money for this system thinking I was buying a quality product . I 'm not sure how their QC person missed a very noticable pinhole on the welded seam of the muffler .
 I bought this part and installed it on my daughters car . Nine months later the upper fitting exploded while she was away at college . Fifty dollars for a tow and 150 dollars for the repair at a local shop with what turns out to be the same 5 dollar part . When this one explodes , I will buy the original and not think twice about it .
 Do not buy this product . These elbows / o-rings fail in very short period of time -LRB- poorly made ? poorly engineered ? -RRB- . This part may have a lifetime warranty but it means little if one has to replace them in period of one year or less . The extra money spent on the OEM form GM will far offset the cost in labor and frustration of using the Dorman elbows .
 I bought this for a 1998 Olds Intrigue with the 3.8 L engine when I was doing my Lower Intake Manifold Gasket . This elbow started to leak soon after . From my research this part Manufactured by Dorman is know to fail . This part should be bought from your OEM local dealer only !
 When I opened the bag I noticed the blue was coming off the buttons . I think with a week or less in auto all blue would have rubbed off.Returned it . Hope they come up with better lasting one . It would have been the perfect cover for my tired seat .
 Low quality product . Oil cooler fittings leak . Fan screw to short to be use . Hit are condition expansion tank . Do not buy !!!
 hose placing was all the way to the right making this useless item wasnt as shown got a replacement still wrong item now im still carless
 RECIEVED THE RACK IN SEVERAL DAYS , BOX IN TERRIBLE CONDITION FROM AGE , ALL THE PARTS INSIDE THE BOX WERE NOT WRAPPED FOR PROTECTION , SCRATCHS ON SEVERAL PARTS , SEVERAL SCREWS AND SCREW COVERS WERE MISSING , CALLED FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE TWICE . NEVER RECIEVED A RETURN PHONE CALL TO RESOLVE THIS.HAD TO BUY PARTS AT THE HARDWARE STORE TO COMPLETE THE INSTALLATION
 I had bought this weathertech deflector that said it was the right one for my car . When I got it it did n't fit the contours of the roof . I emailed the manufacturer but no response . I sent it back to Amazon , of course they gave me my full refund back . I 've heard other 's say that they had no problems with theirs but for me I went with another brand that fits great !
 When I received this it was `` Mirror Glaze 85 '' instead of 80 as advertised . This makes quite a bit of difference in the cutting power . I gave it a rating of 1 because of this .
 I ordered this and received it after removing the old exhaust on my 1990 300ZX 2 +2 . Did n't fit . Checked the Borla web site and they state that they do not make a cat-back exhaust for the 2 +2 trim . Returned to Amazon for refund . Do n't get me wrong , its a nice looking product just does n't fit 2 +2 trim .
 If your Motorcycle has ferrings , get a larger size . I have yet to return the too small one , looks like good quality for a couple of years . Our main goal
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I installed this unit in my RV ... Installation was easy and the noise level was acceptable ... It ran for 2 nights before it seized up ...
 I was expecting a little frame around the mirror ; all you get is the glass and I secured it with heavy duty adhesive but it fell off at the carwash.Went to a junkyard and bought the whole piece for a fraction of the cost of a new one .
 I purchased this item for my Toyota Tundra only to discover that when it arrived there is only ONE set in box for the front . The carton says TWO . So , I thought thatperhaps the carton came open in transit and one was lost . I contacted Amazon C/s , who was great , they sent another carton . It arrived today and again , there is onlyONE set even though the carton says TWO . My conclusion is that the description is incorrect and the carton , although marked two means that 2 = 1 set for the front only . I have returned both cartons as the price is way too high for a single set . Beware if you order this , as it is not what it seems .
 Amazon has a 30 day return policy so I could n't return this . I would have as it started growing black mold after 5 weeks . Now it has black spots all over it . In time it will begin to fall apart . Avoid canvas covers and go with vinyl instead .
 Ordered this replacement mirror for my 2000 VW Passat . It does not fit at all . I returned it stating the problem at was simply sent the exact same mirror which does not fit . Utterly useless .
 cheap quality , small , and ruined my new car seat when I tried to put it on , very upset about that ... do n't recommend buying
 This is cheap and does not fit 2002 f150 save your time and money and do n't buy !! I bought this to replace my f150 Mirror and the side mirror did not fit
 said it would fit my model and year wasnt close had to order a completely different replacement mirror glass was very inconvenient had to wait even longer to get the right size
 Package was on time and nicely packed , unfortunately it was not the correct mirror . I used their does it fit checker but still it was not the right one when it arrived .
 It was definitely a mirror and I 'm sure it would have been great but it was way to small for my car . I used the handy `` Does this product fit your car '' widget and it said it was good to go , but nope . Had no issue returning it , but unfortunate that it was n't the correct size .
 I bought this new in June of 2012 . Ran good for 6 months then the it stopped producing power even though the motor ran . I called ETQ and just got an answering machine . The answering machine gave a number to call for warranty , however they told me that they do n't do warranty on the ETQ generators and they gave me number to call . I called that number and I got the same answering machine as before . I have left 2 messages with no results . So , I have contacted Amazon to let them know . I ca n't imagine that Amazon whats to offer products that have useless warranties . I 'll try to update any progress I may or may not make .
 Purchased for hurricane emergency power . Assembled and ran for two hours to break in , then placed in shed . Months later had problem starting even though stabil was included with gasoline . I now understand why many generators have plastic tanks instead of metal . When I looked into the tank the gas was full of rust particles . This is a result of our great congress forcing us to use food -LRB- corn -RRB- in our fuel . Ethanol is hygroscopic -LRB- it attracts water from the atmosphere -RRB- . Emptied the tank and refueled.Generator started but would not idle or produce electricity . I put it away thinking that an electrical connection had come loose and would repair it later . Took recently to repair mechanic/electrician . Result
 I sent this to my parents who were w/out power in the recent storms in VA. . They are older and do n't do `` online '' -- hence my ordering and review . **** THE BAD *** All was great until , after running it for about an hour , they saw sparks from INSIDE the generator . They looked through the side vents and saw actual small flames & could tell something was on fire . They were able to shut down the generator & extinguish the flames . After all was clear , they removed the vent panel -LRB- which , according to them , is n't indicated to be removed by the consumer -- it 's actually bolted on -RRB- and found a block of wood , about 3 in x 4in that was between the vent panel and the rest of the machine . Of COURSE it caught on fire . When the generator was delivered , they had a neighbor assemble the parts of the generator that actually required it -LRB- frame & wheels -RRB- so I know it was done properly -LRB- he 's an engineer w / a 2nd degree in electrical engineering -RRB- . They looked through the manual as well , to make sure they did n't miss an instruction about removing packing material . Had they not seen the sparks , they could have lost everything . If the gasoline interacted w / the flame -- could have lost their lives . I read other reviews indicating problems that sound like either poor manufacturing quality control & / or Eastern Tool not properly inspecting/unpacking after receipt from China -LRB- where it 's made , of course -RRB- . I 'm not even sure what to do or who to contact -LRB- Amazon , Eastern Tool , both -RRB- but wanted to leave this review so no one else gets hurt . **** THE UPSIDE *** After the super-smart neighbor came over , removed the wood , checked to make sure there was no relevant damage to the machine -- it worked great for another 3 days . -LRB- They were without power for 3 days at that point and expecting another 4 days of no power so desperation won out over not using it at all . -RRB- UPDATE -------------- Amazon Customer Service WAS ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS in helping me rectify this situation ! Since this item is considered `` not eligible for return '' I contacted them for some direction on how to handle this and , most importantly , to make them aware of the potential danger to customers . The service rep. William , took it very seriously , kept me on the phone for a few minutes and then told me Amazon would be sending my parents a replacement generator as soon as possible -LRB- stock is low due to the storms I referred to above -RRB- and is n't making my elderly parents disassemble & pack up the defective generator . So , while the item itself was a disappointment , Amazon really stepped up to the plate . Made me glad I 'm a Prime member and want to do business w / Amazon even more than I already do .
 THIS GENERATOR ARRIVED BROKEN . I CALL EASTERN TOOL & EQUIPMENT AND WAS TOLD THAT I COULD NOT SEND IT BACK , THAT THEY WOULD SEND ME A REPLACEMENT PART . I ASKED FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO REPLACE THE PART , THEY DID NOT SEND ANY . I REPLACED THE PART , BUT IT WOULD NOT GENERATE ANY ELECTRICITY . I PURCHASED ANOTHER BRAND LOCALLY WHICH HAD BRACKETS ATTACHED THAT WOULD HAVE PREVENTED THE ETQ FROM GETTING BROKEN IN SHIPPING IF THEY HAD THEM INSTALLED . DO N'T BUY THIS GENERATOR IF IT IS GOING TO BE SHIPPED . AMAZON.COM TOOK CARE OF MY PROBLEM . THANKS AMAZON YOU STILL WILL GET MY BUSINESS . C. HENSLEY
 Budget restraints reduced my purchase options to this product , or similar ones with Chinese manufacturing origins . Based upon Amazon customer reviews the generator was purchased with the sole purpose of powering two pitching machines . The product was delivered via UPS on time , and after being preped the motor started on the 3rd pull . The machine did n't produce any power . Trouble shooting did not provide answers . The reset button did not reset . Previous reviews indicated there was an electrical problem with this machine . A call to the Tech at ETQ did not solve the problem . `` There was an electrical problem '' in the machine , so hold on while I pass you over to our sales person . '' The engine had an accumulated 3-4 minutes of running time to this point . ETQ Sales would not advise the location of the authorized repair facility until proof of purchase was e-mailed or faxed . I solved that problem by entering ETQ 's web site and found the nearest location to be 57 miles from me . Fortunately a closer repair center was located and after two and one half weeks in the shop the machine was repaired by replacing the stator.I am not convinced ETQ has any clue how to repair these machines . It was a trial and error process between ETQ and the repair center to discover the source of the problem . I am also convinced that not one Technical Service Bulletin -LRB- TSB -RRB- was issued on this product . I base this opinion on my previous life with a Manufacturing Automotive OE , my experience with ETQ , product reviews reporting similar problems , and the fact the authorized repair center was not in receipt of any notice from ETQ.Now the good news . Following a frustating experience dealing with ETQ directy , Amazon customer service was contacted . I was lucky to have Karl on the other end of the line . After hearing my problem two options were offered . He would deduct the charge from my credit card , or a replacement generator would be delivered over night . Since a working machine was required immediately option two was accepted . The replacement was delivered as promised , and worked as one would hope . Amazon did not want the original generator returned because it was preped with gas and oil , not withstanding the engine had less than 4 minutes running time . We now have one generator to run two pitching machines , and another to operate a score board . Thank you Amazon.Thoughts about the working machine . The engine is relatively quiet because of the large muffler . The paint and e-coat finish on the various parts were pretty good . Utilizing the pull cord is hampered by its location . A right angle pull by the operator is required to start the engine . I foresee the cord eventually failing . Installing the handle and wheels required less than 5 minutes . A funnel with a 1/2 '' dia filler tube is required to add oil . The engine will take < than a quart of oil so be carefull when filling.My two star evaluation is somewhat generous , but I base it on product failure , ETQ technical assistance , and ETQ 's apparent lack of knowledge of their product . I give Amazon a 5 Star rating . Without budget constraints we would have purchased a product with North Ameican content , manufacturing source , and known distribution and repair centers .
 I wish I could recommend this unit but both samples I received from Amazon were damaged . The second was worse than the first due to a broken motor mount . I really was n't looking for another repair project especially on a brand new product . Amazon issued a refund without any issue . I 'm very impressed with Amazon customer service , they are first rate . It seems silly for the manufacturer not to modify the packaging after 3 years of complaints about shipping damage . This has got to be costing them some serious money replacing or scrapping these units .
 Yes it is less expensive and yes it may have free shipping , but you get what you pay for . I went through the instructions to prepare it -LRB- note
 This product arrived with a torn carton and broken part that made it inoperable . The manufacturer offered only to replce the broken part . That part arrived several weeks ago , and is still sitting in the garage , along with the generator . We did n't realize this would be a `` do it yourself '' project .
 IF YOU WANT TO BUY A GENERATOR FIND A MORE REPUTABLE COMPANY AND A BETTER PRODUCT . THIS LOOKS LIKE A GOOD DEAL BUT IT ACTUALLY SUCKS.This turned out to be a bad generator manufactured and distributed by an even worse corporation . The generator arrived and after one use failed to produce electricity . I called the company and was told that within a few days a customer service rep would call or email me with information about how to get it repaired under the warranty . I WANTED A RUNNING GENERATOR , NOT A NEW REPAIR PROBLEM . At this point , almost two weeks after the initial call I have not been contacted by these rip-off artists . I went ahead and found the nearest service center myself and it turns out to be 80 miles away . I 'm considering filing a motion to bring these people into small claims court so I can get my money back . Even if I can go get the generator repaired , I will not be compensated for the time or the gas to drive the 160 miles round trip . What a headache!IF YOU WANT TO BUY A GENERATOR FIND A MORE REPUTABLE COMPANY AND A BETTER PRODUCT . THIS LOOKS LIKE A GOOD DEAL BUT IT ACTUALLY SUCKS.The whole experience is making me think twice about internet purchases and Ialso wonder why Amazon did n't vet this product or the manufacturer.ETQ TG32P12 4000 Watt 7 HP 207cc 4-Cycle OHV Gas Powered Portable Generator -LRB- Non-CARB Compliant -RRB- ETQ TG32P12 4000 Watt 7 HP 207cc 4-Cycle OHV Gas Powered Portable Generator -LRB- Non-CARB Compliant -RRB-
 I ordered one of these generators to use with my travel trailer when I 'm out at the track with no electric hook ups . I received 2 units , both units fired up on the first pull of the cord . They are quieter than most generators that I 've heard , however they 're not even close to a Honda Inverter genverator . The generator on both units did not function correctly , it was running at 40Hz instead of 60Hz and the voltage regulation was horrible , dropping to 104V with a 1600 Watt A/C unit running , this about 1/2 the rated load of 3250 W . After the 2nd unit I gave up and asked for a refund . I 'll find something else to use . I WILL GIVE AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE 5 STARS for their help through this whole process , they were expediant with the 2nd unit and the eventual refund .
 I just received my generator today . The packaging was in relatively good condition . After taking it out of the box , the generator only had some minor wear marks on the frame . Packaging could have been better.Pros
 Bought this product about a year or so ago and stowed away unopened to use during our next Hurricane . When Ike blew in I cranked this generator up and it worked fine for about four days . We did use it 6-8 hours per day , but in the end the motor gave out after about 40 hours of use . I can only recommend this if you are going to give it a light work out . . other than that the old addage of you get what you pay for applies .
 Purchased this brand 4000 generator , worked fine when the temperature out side was warm but wont stay running when it gets a little chilly out say 60 ish degrees . Tried contacting the ETQ website and finaly gave up this happened after one month of owning it the problem was the gas cap wouldnt breath right . Save your money and buy something reputable !!!!!!!! Never herd a single response from them and the warranty has long expiered .
 I bought this generator to power a pop up camper that had an A/C unit.I was told that I needed at least a 2500 watt generator to power it along with lights and other little power draws , so this generator looked perfect.What they dont tell you is that the 4000 watt supply they advertise is split between the power outlets so that the breakers will only take about 1350 watts before triggering and powering down . A camper has a single 240 plug that brings all the power to the camper from a single source ... this means that even though the ad and box , and EVERY piece of literature that tells you about the generator says it can easily handle 3250 watts with a surge up to 4000 is a flat out lie.If you have a bunch of different things plugged in and they are all small it might work for you , but this flat out deception is unacceptable , and this generator , and the company that makes it should be boycott for such blatant dishonesty.I am still trying to get Amazon to let me return it -LRB- I bought it 3 months ago and just found all this out today -RRB- so I will have plenty to say about amazon customer service as well , depending on how they decide to handle the situation . * EDIT
 The generator arrived damaged . There was no user manual . The hardware -LRB- that normally would come in closed plastic bags -RRB- was strewn on the bottom of the box outside opened plastic bags . The fuel hose connecting the gas tank and the carburetor was disconnected . Buy this generator only if you are willing to put up with a lot of headache and are mechanically adept .
 The TG 4000 is not for the mechanically challenged . At least the one I received . As several have noted , the front panel was slightly damaged in shipment and the pull cord is in the wrong place . The plastic cover for the electronics NEVER fit properly , yet the inspectors sticker was on the cover which clearly could never have been in place to start with ; what a joke!The good first - It starts quickly , usually on the second pull and it does produce electricity . The bad - only one of the two 110 volt outlets on mine work . Taking the front panel off and comparing the provided wiring diagram to the actual wiring reveals that the second 110v outlet is wired incorrectly ; absolutely wired wrong.I intend to rewire it , but thought about sending it back ; - far too much trouble to return it . So , since it provides only half of the electricity that it is supposed to provide , it gets a 50 % from me . As we all remember from school , a 50 % grade is a FAILING GRADE .
 Bought this generator last dec for camping , started and ran for 2 minutes and then put away , when i tried it again all it would do is miss , and blow white smoke , i called eastern tool twice and was put on hold for about 10 minutes each time with no one coming back to me , when i drained the oil from the crankcase it was full of gas , terrible generator , save your money
 I purchased this product 12/09 for mu husband to go hunting . It arrived with in a week . He put it together & filled it with gas it starting leaking where the hose attaches to the gas tank . Upon further inspection he notice that it was not welded correctly to the gas tank . Also , the cover to the filter was busted up . We took it back to the location where we bought it & reordered a replacement . That one showed up with in a week also . When he started putting that one together he noticed that the air filter cover was busted up , again . We thought no big deal we will get another cover . He put gas into the tank and pull after pull he could not get it to start . We were very disapointed with this product ! We took the replacement back to the store and bought a better quality generator , a champion - it 's great .
 I was unable to get this generator started after following very poorly written directions . I followed the steps exactly and still , no sign of life . This led to me trashing everything in my freezer/fridge , which is why I bought this generator in the first place . I found it extremely difficult to pull the starter chord . Put fresh gas and oil in the machine and checked all other levers/switches , including choke.In short , I did everything correctly to the book and yet I did not get so much as a cough out of it . Also , as a rather fit man , I could physically barely pull the starter chord . Totally unacceptable and it failed me when I needed it during last night 's power outage ... If I could meet a representative from this company in person I would love to share my thoughts with them and tell them how awesome it was to throw away a month 's worth of frozen breast milk for my newborn ... that made my wife extremely happy as I 'm sure you can guess .
 I bought this generator -LRB- Same model and specs , but different paint and details from the picture of what is now sold -RRB- way back in January 2008 , unpacked it , made a quick test that it worked , drained the fuel and oil and otherwise prepared it as per the manual , and put it in storage . When I pulled it out last week after a wind storm , it started and ran for eight hours straight ... great ! The next day , it would only run two-to-ten minutes , then quit . On inspection I found corrosion in the fuel tank . I cleaned that up , and also the fuel valve , plug and carburetor , but it still ran only a few minutes at a time.Looking closer , I also found damaged parts
 never buy these generator !! . I bought it and when I open the box it was totally destroyed to many parts were broken in pieces.I could not returnet because i bought it from VENEZUELA .
 THE ORDERING PROCESS WAS A BIT CONFUSING DUE TO IMMEDIATE CHECKOUT WHICH AUTOMATICLY ADDED THE SHIPPING WHICH WAS SUPPOSED TO BE FREE . AFTER A FEW PHONE CALLS AND A PROMISE TO REMOVE THE FIRST ITEM AND BEING TOLD TO PLACE A NEW ORDER I NOW WAS GETTING TWO GENERATORS ONE WITH FREE SHIPPING AND THE SECOND ONE WITH SHIPPING . ANOTHER CALL WAS MADE AND AFTER A THREAT THAT THEY WOULD ONLY DO THIS ONE TIME THEY REMOVED THE SECOND GENERATOR WITH SHIPPING AND CREDITED MY CREDIT CARD . THE GENERATOR ARRIVED AND AFTER OPENING THE BOX I NOTICED TWO MOTOR MOUNTS WERE BROKEN . I HAVE CONTACTED THE CUSTOMER SERVICE AND AS OF TWO MONTHS I HAVE NOT RECEIVED NEW MOTOR MOUNTS . PERHAPS AMAZON CAN HELP SPEED UP MY MOTOR MOUNT REPLACEMENT . THANKING YOU IN ADVANCE , ROBERTPS
 It did n't fit my vehicle as described . Complete waste of money . It was advertised to fit dodge dakota pick up and its not even close .
 I ordered for a 2001 Dodge Ram 1500 series truck 's driver side mirror , had to return because product did not fit !
 I 'm fairly confident that this item said it would fit my vehicle , but it does n't . I 'll avoid used items from now on .
 This mirror glass does NOT fit a 1997 Dakota Sportthe `` Does it fit '' application at the top will not ask you if your truck is a sport - If your truck has the square chrome mirrors from the older -LRB- pre-97 -RRB- body style - they should fit . At least thats the only truck i can think of that has mirrors in a rounded square like that.Just a heads up since there is no pitcure - returned mine .
 What a disappointment . Mirror is thinner than the original Jeep mirror which I thought was impossible . Mirror does n't show much more then the OE . But worst of all , its very ridged and shakes horribly ... seizure inducing . Nothing but a blurry vision . Returning the product as soon as I get a replacement mirror . Ugh !
 I think the NGK is an excellent product and I ordered 6 NGK PZFR5D11 spark plugs via Amazon . However , what I got was 6 Bosch Platimum instead , useless to me . Makes me lose confidence in on-line purchasing , and a waste of my time .
 ordered for 2003 F-250 , according to Direct Auto there is a light duty F-250 Super Duty , so did not fit . I 'm out around $ 25.00 on a part that did n't fit .
 The website said this would fit my truck but it was n't even close . Returned for a refund . Some one needs to do more research on what these will and will not fit .
 Delivery was prompt . The low pressure fitting was defective . -LRB- too Tight -RRB- I repaired it by removing the O ring and sanding out the ID . Works fine now .
 OK . I ordered `` Mountain '' R134 adapers 2 weeks ago , returned them because they were defective , ball bearings blocked by inner shroud . AKA Will not grasp the quick fitting . I ordered these `` FJC '' adapters . SAME PRODUCT AND DEFECTIVE . They say `` NEW RETURN '' on the package . I am done messing around with Amazon . If you need something important people , go buy it in person . This will be the second return for me trying to get adapters.I am not sure who I contact about this , but I need compensated for my time .
 I purchased this because my current AC hose 's low pressure coupler began leaking . I replaced it with the one from this package . It worked for one day and then the next it started to leak . I was very disappointed in the low quality . I did n't try it in time to be able to return it . Buyer beware .
 DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM QuickAutoHouse Co !! They have cheated on me by sending an used , defective and damaged product . Be carefull !! This is a totally unreliable seller , he has cheated on me by a deceitful clause in the sending policy.I repeat
 Ordered this bug deflector for a Kia sedona mini van and received one for a GMC yukon ?!
 When you buy this sensor be aware of what you need , this sensor is not the one that goes on the top of the Motor , This product needs more description so you can know what are you really buying .
 The mirror is too small for the driver 's side mirror assembly on a '99 toyota tacoma -LRB- 4 cyl 4wd -RRB- . The retaining ring is only able to hold one of the 4 edges . The other three sides all have a fairly large gap . It needs to be at least 1/8 or 3/16 '' taller and wider . Basically a complete fail . Otherwise it seems fine , though I have n't used it yet because I 'm not going to drive around with it unsecured like that .
 As the other person stated , only snugs one side and is a total FAIL since it is way too small . Not suitable for OEM replacement AT ALL . Disappointed .
 I choose this product from the official catalog of ACDelco , then look on amazon , and both pages -LRB- Amazon y AcDelco -RRB- said that it was compatible with my Corolla 2002 but when I went to the mechanic told me that they were not compatible .
 The package shipped very quickly.The mats fit well the Audi A4.I had to return them though for the following reasons : - the color was not as in the Amazon picture -LRB- they were dark gray instead of light gray - I chose `` Charcoal '' color -RRB- - there was no means to attach them to the holders on the car 's floor - in the picture there are some holes that are not present on the mats .
 Online purchase through Amazon and Best Price Mirror on 12/30/09 . Received an e-mail that my products were shipped on 1/5/10 . Not true - I initiated a call two weeks later to Amazon and I was told they could not do anything and that I would have to contact Best Price Mirror . I contacted Best Price Mirror and they said they knew the items were not shipped and would refund my shipping charges and they did refund the shipping charges . Best Price Mirror said they would ship the products immediately as soon as the snowy road in California was able to be traveled . This was 1/20/10 and I still have not received my products . Very , very disgusted with this transaction with Amazon and Best Price Mirror and no communication at all and what communication has been provided is not true !
 I ordered the cargo liner that I thought the picture represented . I got a small liner to fit behind the 3rd seat row . That 's NOT what the picture shows and no where on the page are measurements given . This is extremely misleading and I 'm very disappointed !!
 If you used Amazon 's part finder for select this wiper blade for your 2006 ML350 -- run for the exits ! It will fit on the rear wiper blade holder , but it is too long and will not work correctly . Sorry that I do n't know the right part . After the problems with this order I just went to the dealer and paid through the nose . At least they know the right part .
 Come on ! my battery is dead and the only thing include is the DC male-male extension cord.How do I charge it at home without a extension cord -LRB- NOT PROVIDED -RRB- The most expensive Jump Started at Amazon and no way to charge it right out of the box ? I feel beyond mad !!!
 I ordered the JNC660 from Amazon . After I opened the box , I found I can not charge it via AC because the extension cord is not included . This seems a JNC600-specific cord and I can not use other common power cord to replace it . So now I can not use it until I find/order the necessary AC cord . I do n't understand why the company does not include the extension cord for its product .
 This product is not what my husband wanted and we want to return it to buy the same name brand but it has an air compressor with it . I was not told when I ordered this product that this was not returnable . Please email and let me know what we can do . We would like to purchase the other one if we can return this one . Thank you , V/RHelen Frye-Lewis
 GoSolar ! - 42W Portable Folding Solar Charger Kit - Charge Laptops , Phones & Batteries - Includes Li-Ion Battery , Jumper Cables , DC Inverter and 42 Watt Folding Panel - By California Solar AccessoriesAfter testing it for three jump starts I was impressed by the Clore Automotive JNC000 1700 Peak amp 12-Volt Jump starters . However it was useless when used on a relatively warm winter day to jump the car . That was the day I was going to Hillside Honda to receive yet another free new battery . Now it sits next to my bookcase as a reminder that I 've yet purchased another item that has outlived its usefulness .
 Initial impression not good . This could be the greatest battery on the market but I am going on my first impression . The manual `` implies '' the charger comes with a male to male extension cord . Mine did not . I do n't think I should be inconvenienced and have to go purchase one . . does not matter they are inexpensive . This item was also half charged when I received it . IF the item was not fully charged prior to use that means the battery may not last as long as it should nor will it hold charges as good as it is supposed to . Time will tell on that one . I will report back either way if Amazon sends me an male to male extension cord . The simple fact is , the manual makes it clear it is included as part of the package meaning I paid for it and based on that alone I should be able to return it if I want to . They can deal with the disposal of it if they do n't want to resell -LRB- I am in agreement with them on that policy when it comes to batteries -RRB- . It appears someone pulled one over on me and I got a returned item with at least one missing part and possibly an improperly initially charged battery . It 's impossible to prove but based on the packaging this did not appear to be an item directly from the factory . It appears the box had been opened several times and someone forgot to put the cord back in . Also , someone charged it and I received it partially charged ... The manual makes it clear it should be fully charged before using for 24 hours . . there is no way for me to know that . I will re-rate my review depending on follow up from Amazon . Hopefully they read these ... this is the first complaint I have ever filed with them and they know how much money I have spent in their web store.I do n't agree with all the replies but a few of them were sensible enough for me to change the rating to a 2 -LRB- a 2 does not mean its not a great product . . thats not the full point of my low rating -RRB- . Short version is I have never purchased an item that needs a charge before use -LRB- in this price range or any when I think about it -RRB- that requires -LRB- before it can be used -RRB- the buyer to acquire one -LRB- for me a 5 mile round trip late in the day -RRB- . Not everyone has an extra power cord lying around as one reply commented - it 's a stretch to suggest otherwise . My report had nothing to do the price of a cord as another reply commented on -LRB- $ 1 or $ 6 - chump change -RRB- . My concerns were -LRB- like it matters to me 8 months later -RRB- 1 -RRB- no one at Amazon replied to my inquiry as to by all appearances the battery was missing a missing power cord
 I purchased this product as a Christmas gift for someone that has problems with their automobile during cold weather . I thought it would be great if they could carry a charger in their car to avoid having to ask a stranger for a jump during the cold weather of Wisconsin winters . When reading the directions I was surprised to learn the charger should not be stored in an area which is colder than 50 degrees . Seriously ? Why would you need a charger if its warmer than 50 degrees unless you are foolish enough to drain your car battery because you leave your lights on.Not sure if the charger will be returned .
 I did not realize the cable would be live/hot all the time . For this price , it should have an on / off switch . Otherwise it seems good . Like the digital read out , and it jumped my quad 4 times straight out of the box .
 I have not used it . Had buyers remorse and THEN found out that I could not return it per Amazon policies - even though it was as shipped to me , in the box , never been charged up . Way too heavy and impractical unless you have your own shop or many cars and want to keep it in your garage .
 LOOKS GOOD AS A CARPETED DAH COVER CAN BUT NOTHING LIKE AN ORIGINAL LOOK.STILL BETTER THAN A CRACKED UP VINYL DASH BUT KINDA MOD FOR A OLDER TRUCK DONT YA THINK ?
 The photo shows two pipes , but I only got one . Not too happy . You show me a picture of something , I expect to get what is in the picture .
 VERY DISSAPOINTED DID NOT FIT RIGHT HAD TO CUSTOM BEND THE PIPES TO FIT PLUS HANGING DOWN REALLY LOW WTF
 this product was what I was looking for but the instuctions were not that great I still have not installed them because I can not figure out how to put them on I am going to Air Shocks instead
 Blade inserts are junk - poorly assembled , impossible to install , and way too expensive for what they are . Full blade assemblies ready to snap on are only 10-20 % more and will always work ; these do n't . After becoming enraged with the stupidity of their product I just threw them away ; the damage to my blood pressure was n't worthwhile . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I purchased a set of Trico 47-600 narrow 6-mm wiper refills for my 1990 Ford Probe . It was impossible to thread them through my wiper blades . When I measured the refills they measured 8-mm in width . The extra two millimeters makes all the difference in not fitting . Normal wiper refills are 9-mm , it appears the Trico factory is putting the same size refills in all their packages regardless of the labeling . Their quality control is completely untrustworthy . Do not buy these wiper refills for 6-mm narrow wipers .
 Same exact product at Advance Auto costs under $ 7 vs $ 11 here on Amazon . Come on Amazon , you 're supposed to be the best price guys !
 This thing sucks A ** i had before on my 08 Fj Cruiser a flowmaster super 44 , a friend of mine told me about borla and he has the complete system i only had the catback , whenci bought the borla catback i thought that this thing will be loud as hell and have an even more agressive sound because of borla 's reputation . . When i fished installing this muffler this thing doesnt work , meaning it sounds completely stock no agressive sound , nothing just the sound of the fan and radio . I went took the borla out and went back to my flowmaster . Maybe i will melt this thing and make something functional for this thing . There are 139 $ bucks really bad spent but on flowmaster there are 70 $ bucks well spent.IF YOU WANT SOUND DONT BUY THIS !!!
 This is a good product , it did n't work for my application . I wanted to use it to check the rpm on my 4 cyl outboard boat motor . The boat motor has a tach output that goes to an analog meter . When hooking up this digital tach meter the readings are all over the place .
 I have made the mistake of ordering two of these . The first one came and it was clearly used , the case was dirty and greasy and the electrical lock tab on the control module was broken . I returned it for a refund and gave it another try . Big mistake , I think people are just boxing up their old motor and sending it back because I received my second wiper motor and it was also clearly used . This one was cleaned a bit better but control module was all scratched and gouged with one of the pins on the control module bent . The case was greasy and the paint on the motor was scratched and worn away on the end of the case -LRB- and it was not from transport because it would have shown on the inside of the box -RRB- . I sent an email to A1 Cardon and a senior tech representative sent me this reply `` As far as I am concerned , if the unit looks the way you claim , I would not use it . I have been here at CARDONE 23 years and know very well , what our appearance standards are and this does not sound like what we send out . Yes , our units are cleaned and are suppose to look like the photo . '' The photo referred to is the one from the A1 Cardon web site for wiper motor part number 40-1012 . You might want to think twice about ordering this wiper motor . I 'm not sure if it is just this part number or from this supplier . Hopefully this will prevent someone else from going through the the two week hassle this has been , I would have had the motor and saved the trouble -LRB- it would be re-manufactured -RRB- if I had waited for it to come to my local part store .
 Theyll break your springs.if you only need a little boost id still install rubber boosters in the front.with add a leaf or blocks to the rear.super easy to install and very cheap.go to your local advanced auto and suprisingly they have em
 I could not get them in . . I tried soap and water but that makes them to slipery to push on . Only got then 1/4 way on and gave up . Will try again when I get the metal spacers that can be used to lower or rise the coils . I plan to use them for spacers just to get the rubber ones in place and then remove the metal one out of they way as needed to get the job done .2001 GMC Sonoma
 I used these on my offroad rig for a little extra capacity for a moose hunt and they did n't even finish the hunt . Garbage on a fullsize .
 I ordered these to use on the rear coil springs on my Ford Taurus . When they arrived the package indicated they are for front coil springs . No where in the Amazon add did it mention they are for front springs . Not worth paying the shipping to return .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 Unfortunately Sylvania 1157A LL/1157NA it is not very good quality . European Philips is much , much better . The light bulb was burned as soon I changed it . Even &#34; made in china &#34; is batter . I 'll never going to by Sylvania .
 the spacer is too long for the front stock spring/shock . it will interfere with the shock boot . height is ok but it 's too long .
 Spacers like this have been around since I was a kid -LRB- 50s -RRB- and I always wondered if they would work . I have an '83 F100 that was lowered by heating the springs . Over the years the springs have weakened causing the camber to be way off . I tried the spacers and even with the truck jacked up and the tension off the spring , the spacers would jump out when twisted to the final notch on the sagging portion , and just fall out from the sections that were n't sagging . After repeated attempts I managed to get a spacer on each side of one spring , but when I let the truck down the camber was just as bad as without the spacer . Although the spacers did n't work for me , I am not saying they wo n't work for you , and they 're not that expensive , so try them if you think you can use them . I am going to try to re-contour the final ramp on the spacers a little bit and see if that will prevent them from jumping out . I bought four packages , and the most I will use are two , so I will sell the other two for half price plus freight . The items shipped very fast with good communication from the seller , so buy with confidence from this vendor .
 The defelctor seems to be well made but it is supposed to be held in place by two clips that latch onto the car 's roof on the inside of the sunroof . Unfortunately these clips can not be used to install the deflector because the car 's already existing deflector pops up when the sun roof is open . In turn , when these clips are pushed it then elevates the deflector . Without the built in deflector I think this will work fine but ...
 I ordered this Trans but then I canceled because they could not confirm if this was truly a buick th350 I had gotten a Chevy b & m street strip and I had to return it because it did not match my Buick . wish you guys had more info
 This is a hunk of junk . The backing is plastic and plastic wingnut too . Unlike the real ones that are just like this but have metal studs and wingnuts and cost just a fraction more . With shipping this actually costs more , This product broke the moment I put it on the bike ! I should have gotten off my butt and bought a real pair at my local motorcycle shop . Lesson learned !
 Unfortunatly the bolt and wing nut on these are plastic . I bought 2 pairs of these , and snapped the wingnut on 3 of them trying to get it tight . The ones at my local motorcycle shop have a metal bolt and wingnut and are much more durable . I 'm not sure that you could really use these to hold on a license plate without them break and end up losing your plate . Additionally , the reflectors are not very reflective , which defeats the purpose of them
 The only issue I have with these floormats is that they are not compatible to the OEM grommet system . The grommets in these floormats are too large and do not snap onto the floor pegs that the OEM mats snap onto so they do not stay in place - they are not the same color as the carpet and are very black on a light colored carpet . I will use them in one position for a day or 2 to see if they can work out ...
 I bought this item thinking black screws would look cool on a black car . As I screwed them in , the first one snapped and now it ca n't be extracted . Save your money , stick with metal .
 The only issue I have with these floormats is that they are not compatible to the OEM grommet system . The grommets in these floormats are too large and do not snap onto the floor pegs that the OEM mats snap onto so they do not stay in place - they are not the same color as the carpet and are very black on a light colored carpet . I will use them in one position for a day or 2 to see if they can work out ...
 The caliper came the next day which was awesome . Once opened I realized the bracket around the banjo bolt was not angled correctly but not a big deal . Installed the caliper no problems bled the lines drove the car around maybe 2 weeks on my way home from work I lost all brake pedal luckily was n't going fast made it home pulled tire off and noticed brake fluid in my fender well and all over back side of tire the reservoir was still full . The caliper was completely rusted over and fluid was leaking around the cam boot where parking nut is located had to buy a new caliper from a local store to make it to work the next morning . All in all very disappointed in this product always been a raybestos fan now I 'm a little hesitant on future purchase 's of there products I have a $ 70 paperweight in my garage now
 I have no Idea what this cable fits , but it is n't a chrysler mini van .
 The only issue I have with these floormats is that they are not compatible to the OEM grommet system . The grommets in these floormats are too large and do not snap onto the floor pegs that the OEM mats snap onto so they do not stay in place - they are not the same color as the carpet and are very black on a light colored carpet . I will use them in one position for a day or 2 to see if they can work out ...
 The only issue I have with these floormats is that they are not compatible to the OEM grommet system . The grommets in these floormats are too large and do not snap onto the floor pegs that the OEM mats snap onto so they do not stay in place - they are not the same color as the carpet and are very black on a light colored carpet . I will use them in one position for a day or 2 to see if they can work out ...
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I bought this to install on my last vehicle that did not have a K&N filter . After trying to get the top to fit for more than 1 hour and actually bending the filter I gave up . I am going to return this . I love K&N but this is the biggest piece of junk ever . DO NOT BUY THIS FILTER KIT . The lid does not fit . Check other reviews to confirm what I am saying .
 Amazon as a seller was great . The brake pads did not come with shims as stated . Amazon shipped out a new box and still no shims in the box . I figured one box no shims that can happen but with 2 with no shims that is crummy quality control for Centric . I called Centric and spoken to technical support and they could not do anything . The technician at the company had me read the date on the box and then he stated that with older boxes they had a issue with having shims in the box . All I wanted was them to fix this issue and send me what should have been in both boxes . No luck on my end . I emailed the company stating I will return all of the Centric products if this is the type of customer support that they give . Centric did not respond back . The pads look good I am guessing that they work fine due to other reviewers . Centric customer service was very poor for mostly when they admited that they had a problem with placing shims in boxes -LRB- The 2nd box was dated 2011 still no shims -RRB- .
 This was a gift for my grandson 's first vehicle , an old well used Ford Ranger . The description &#34; front bench &#34; is n't accurate according to him . Would not fit they are made for BUCKET seats.Amazon of course took care of the problem and gets FIVE stars for their service .
 Do not buy this if your planning on working on a car head . There are no instructions . I 'm working on a Ford GT-40 head and the clamp bent before it compressed the spring so I did n't feel right returning it . I straightened it and tried it again backwards with the screw handle on the valve side , of course it bent again.I straightened it again and welded some gussets on and made an aluminum adapter for the screw . All is well now .
 This worked great on my OHC Volvo cylinder head . However it bent on my stock worn out 80 pound valve springs on Ford E7TE heads .
 I ordered for my vehicle and they did n't fit so I had to return them at my expense . Total BS .
 These sound good in theory and look like a nice , cost effective way to protect your wheels , but are n't worth it for most people.When I went out to my garage a few days ago , my tire was flat from a nail . I took the lug nuts off and inserted the key for these wheel locks . The whole top of the wheel lock broke off and I was not even putting full pressure on it ! After calling around to several shops who would be able to deal with this problem , I had to have the car towed , -LRB- $ 120 -RRB- to the shop I decided on . They have a special kit that 's also sold on Amazon to remove them . The shop told me they got the kit because they see this all the time and `` someone just came in with the same problem yesterday '' . Imagine if this happened to you if you got a flat on the freeway or in an emergency . Not the best situation to have . Search online , I just read several similar experiences in forums . Also , look at the `` grooving '' of the lock - not very deep at all and as a result , not strong enough under normal use . Take note
 I like and use Bosch wiper blades , but these pieces of JUNK are a JOKE . They DO NOT deal with winter snow and slush and sleet well.Bosch is pretending that eliminating the open girder -LRB- spring frame -RRB- work of traditional wiper blades will suddenly yield value by sparing us from having blade ice up , but these blades still accumulate and carry ice crusts and , WORST OF ALL , cease to apply proper uniform pressure to wipe the windscreen!I 'm going back to traditional blades .
 At almost $ 25 per blade you would think Bosch finally figured out how to make the perfect wiper blade . WRONG ! For some reason there is a different part number for driver and passenger side -LRB- A and B -RRB- but I could n't find any difference between the two . After carefully cleaning my windshield I installed both blades and in the first rain the driver 's side had several fine lines where the blade was n't making contact and on the passenger side it was not making contact at all on a whole 4 '' section at the middle of the blade . I tried several other `` passenger '' side blades and all had the same issue . Save your money and buy Anco 's or Trico 's . I 'm sending these back for a refund .
 The packaging claims this is a 6-amp switch , but it smoked and melted after about 20 minutes on a 55-watt headlamp load -LRB- at 14 volts that 's 4 amps -RRB- . Problem is that the wires are tiny , so there 's too much resistance at the terminals , at both ends . I got smoke from inside the switch and from the crimped terminal at the end of the low-beam wire . If you run a big headlamp on this switch you 'll also need to wire in a couple of relays to handle the current .
 Unfortunately for me , these wheel locks were the wrong size . I even used the `` sizing chart '' provided . What a waste .
 The image on the website does match the fuel pump shipped . It does not fit my engine . Fuel line from fuel pump to carb will seat into outlet of pump .
 My title says all , did review and was about 50-50 on performance , but took the chance , because in my mind anything is better than OEM . Was completely wrong on that thought , OEM was able to keep window clean on up and down movement . The Bosch wiper 422A blade leaves about 3 inch smear in viewing area -LRB- area as you are looking straight ahead -RRB- on down movement . Went to Bosch web page and ensured 422A was driver side , but flip position with 422B anyways and now only leaves about inch smear in lower part of viewing area . DO NOT Recommend these at all , if you do not trust OEM blades try something else , because Bosch 422A/B ICON Wiper Blades are a waste of your money .
 On the good side , ICON blades are easy to change , look GREAT , and never squeak.The bad news
 These blades are an absolute ripoff . The blades that I was replasing did a better job when they were worn out then these pieces of garbage did new . Save your time and money and avoid this blade .
 I purchased this item -LRB- Bosch ICON 422B -RRB- as well as the 422A for my 2004 Tahoe . The wiper does not reach all parts of the window , specifically on the bottom right of the passenger side . As for the Driver side , the blade streaks and again misses part of the windshield at the top of the arc . I contacted Bosch directly , and they said that they were aware of these defects , and there was nothing they could do about it . They said that they were not able to get enough tension in the blade to make it conform to my windshield . They said I would have to take it up with the retailer . Bosch still claims that these are compatible with my vehicle even though they are aware of these defects . You are much better off paying half as much , and giving up the `` extra 20 % '' life Bosch claims and buy some traditional metal bracket wipers .
 Let me start with the fact these wipers are impossible to find locally besides at a dealership . With that in mind you 'd better buy 2 sets because if you NEED them they wo n't be available unless your willing to spend $ 80 . While I appreciate the design and its `` superiority '' over the normal U connector type of wipers , I do n't think the pro 's of the design outweigh the con 's of not being able to buy them locally , or purchase just 1 -LRB- they only come in a set of 2 -RRB- . With that said , they do a great job of what their for , removing rain , snow , dirt , etc from your windshield . That is until you lift them off the windshield to remove snow from beneath them and the plastic connector breaks when you put it back down . The previous style before the `` revision '' had a removable plastic cap that slid into place and locked the wiper blade to the wiper arm . The new style incorporated the plastic cap into the blade and made the plastic much thinner . This thinner connector breaks rather than popping off under stress leaving you with a useless wiper blade and the possibility of severely damaging your windshield if you forget its missing before you can replace the set.The moral of the story is , buy them locally where ever you can find them and pay the outrageous price because its worth it to have someone to complain to when they break after less than 1 month of use . Or even better yet ... find the old style and stock up !
 I purchased Bosch , Icon , blades for winter use on a 2010 Toyota , Tacoma . Bosch has always had a good reputation for automotive parts and accessories . Bosch purports the blades to be `` All Season '' ; However , they worked find until the temperature went below 25 degrees , at which time they did not fit the contour of the windsield and left a void of ice and snow in the center of the blade wipe path , thereby compromising vision and safety . I returned them and went back to Anco Winter blades , for 1/3 the cost of the Bosch , Icon blades . Anco is still be best choice for wiper blades . Furthermore , Bosch specified 22 inch blades for driver side and 21 inch blades for passenger side , which were consistent with the length of the factory blades ; however , Anco recommended 22 inch for both driver and passenger sides for the 2010 Toyota , Tacoma . Surprisingly , the 22 inch blades DO work on both sides and do not project beyond the seam of the windshield .
 With a $ 15 rebate , I bought a set of these -LRB- 422A-422B -RRB- , to see if they were any different than the $ 4 blades I usually buy . I wo n't buy these again . Sure , they look nice , and they work like new wipers , but I could have bought 4 sets of wipers for the cost of these , and had the same results . I was n't impressed in the snow and ice . They still freeze up , and end up leaving large gaps in the clearing swipes . Maybe I just expect too much out of an `` high end '' wiper . It was worth a shot .
 As with the other side I bought this one streaks under normal conditions which is disappointing because the whole point of getting these is because it specifically says its made so it does n't streak . the wipers before these all I had to do was spray the windshield washer and it would not streak anymore if they were dirty . that doesnt fix these .
 Initially I was happy with these blades as they were quiet and seemed to perform well . I was optimistic after spending almost $ 20 each for these blades at the local parts store -LRB- I know they are cheaper on Amazon -RRB- . One would think with advances in materials and manufacturing techniques that they would actually be better but they are not . After only about 6 months of use they started streaking and it almost looks like there is an oil film on the windshield . I thought perhaps I got something on my windshield but after thoroughly cleaning the windshield and blades the problem persists . I even wiped down the blades and windshield with alcohol to no avail . I put my `` old 1 + year old OEM blades '' on and the problem went away . It seems that once the `` coating '' on the blades wears off they are virtually useless . Six months life span is completely unacceptable to me . I can remember getting a year out of the old $ 4 blades back in the day.For almost a $ 40 investment I would definitely look elsewhere . Go with a silicone based blade if you are spending this much . Otherwise you might as well buy the cheapest blades you can if they are only going to last only 6 months . Stay far far away from these or just save your money and buy some `` el ` cheapo '' blades that will last just as long . Bosch got me once on this and it will never happen again . I will never buy another Bosch wiper blade again .
 I replaced my original factory wipers with these . They did an amazing job for about 6 months and then they started to streak . Not sure how long wipers are supposed to last , but 6 months seems kind of short . Especially when I live in southern California and it probably only rained 4 times in those six months .
 I installed these on a 2007 Cadillac DTS since they are the most similar to the original GM wiper blades . They worked for about 2 Blocks , when they began streaking . I promptly pulled over to clean the blades , to no avail , they streak horribly . Further , they do not cover the complete winshield . There is a 4 `` x6 '' patch on the passenger side edge that simply does not receive any contact from the wiper blade . Also , they chatter . I attempted cleaning the blades , switching the passenger side to the driver 's side , to no avail . THESE WIPER BLADES DO NOT WORK PERIOD . I will say , they were the easiest to install blades I 've ever owner . I 've had them installed for 3 days . Day 1 it rained , Day 2 , it snowed , and Day 3 , I installed my old blades again because they worked better , even though they were very worn out .
 This did fit threadwise but stands out more than it looked on screen . Locks work using it for full spare . Looking to replace all with lug nuts .
 I thought this said it fit the 2005 Acura MDX , but it does n't fit mine . Perhaps I purchased the wrong one .
 This is very awkward to install . And it has some dangerously sharp metal slivers that will rip your flesh open if you are not extremely careful .
 I utilized the parts sizer to verify the this wiper refill would fit my 2008 Acura RDX , however , the width is entirely too narrow and it does n't even come close to fitting . I 'm extremely disappointed because Amazon is usually better than this .
 I tried to research this choice and found people raved about their Bosch Icons , so sure , I gave it a try . It is now about 10 months later and time to replace them . Longevity ? Average . If that were the only problem fine , but these blades worked poorly on my Subaru Forester right from day 1 . Do n't think I 'd ever buy Bosch blades again . Maybe the Valeo 600 's ?
 NOt expectedthe quality from Bosch was no different than other popular brandswas more costlyIt started streaking after a month
 I bought a set of the Bosch Icons for my 2004 Toyota Camry back in January 19th , right after the crazy snowstorms that hammered the New York City area and retired them today , just a week short of 6 months . During the first few months of use they were great , although I did notice that they would actually shake a bit on the lower half when they were in use and I was n't sure why . They were definitely quieter than the old cheap blades I had on the car.Fast forward 4 months , they stopped making good contact with the windshield -LRB- despite cleaning the windshield and the blades -RRB- and they would lift off a bit and leave smears . I regularly clean my windshield and apply Rain-X about once a week and I also wipe the wiper blades down to remove the dirt and debris that they could pick up . I was hoping they would last at least a year but my hopes were cut short . All in all , they are definitely overrated and too expensive for the life span it offers . I will not be buying these again .
 I purchased this item for a 2008 Toyota Sequoia Platinum after entering vehicle make & model and getting a green check with `` This product fits your 2008 Toyota Sequoia '' . WARNING
 Your vendor was on time and before promised . these wipers seem to streak a little . this is the second set I have bought from Amazon i do n't think I will purchace them again
 This is junk , do n't waste your money on this.I bought a pack of two and broke both while trying to install them . Would not recommend this product .
 After researching many smokeless ashtrays , I chose this more expensive one based on technology and the makers name . Should have just bought one of the lesser priced ones . Talon states it needs cleaned occasionally-twice a week is more like it . The nicotine builds up all over the outside dome quite rapidly . It is difficult and awkward to clean . The two small plastic hinges which regulate the angle and height broke off within the first month.-Thus it keeps falling down on itself . Do yourself a favor and buy a smokeless ashtray that is half the price . This one falls apart more quickly than an AMC Gremlin . In addition , no matter how carefully you clean it -LSB- I treated it as if it were a piece of china -RSB- , it works only off and on once it has been cleaned .
 I purchased this product without really thinking and you can learn from my waste of money . If you are a smoker and intend to light up and set your cigarette , cigar , etc. in the ashtray and let it burn ... you might need this . If it is in your fingers , you will have to hold it under the umbrella to in order for the thing to work ! It makes no sound . . does it really do anything ? The smoke wafts around the top and nothing exits the small openings on top . The first time I cleaned it , -LRB- very carefully with a very mild soap in water and let it dry overnight unplugged -RRB- and then plugged it in and turned it on , the light -LRB- this is the indicator that it is operating -RRB- came on , went out , and it is now a reminder to me to STOP AND THINK BEFORE I SPEND MY HARD EARNED MONEY ON GARBAGE LIKE THIS !!!!
 This has been a real pain in my side . I bought the Capture Ionic Smokeless Ashtray Generation III , used it for a month or so . After cleaning it the first time , it did n't work at all . I called to see what I could do , and they explained how to clean it , and I did just that , but to no avail . I sent it back to repair , and they repaired it and returned it to me . IT worked again for a couple of weeks , then stopped working , and again had to send it back . I asked what was wrong , they said a part needed to be replaced in it . After the third time of having to send it back , I bought a second one , so that I would be covered when it was in for repair . Then the second one started doing the exact same thing . These people apparently got tired of repairing it , so they said from now on i had to pay $ 35 for repair . The thing only costs $ 40 . When they refused to answer their phone or emails , I reported them to the BBB -LRB- Better Business Bureau -RRB- . We went back and forth with the BBB , but they would n't budge . This was with Talon Development Corporation . Now they will over cover repairs for 90 days . So if you buy this ashtray be aware it tends to breakdown all the time , especially after cleaning . If you are aware they will only repair it for 90 days , then go for it and buy it . When it 's working , it 's great . Oh also be aware , it could take them 90 days just to repair it . I would have to call , and write emails and if i was lucky i might get a call back after weeks of hounding them . The do NOT answer their phones ever . Not even during regular business hours . -LRB- OR MAYBE THEY WERE JUST NOT ANSWERING MY CALLS -RRB- . Try calling and see if you get an answer ? Either way it was definitely NOT WORTH IT to me . Now i have to go through the aggravation of taking them to court to get my money back on a defective product .
 I bought this helmet expecring to be low peofile after reading people rants n raves about how low it sits on your head so i ordered it , as i needed a dot helmet due to a recent ticket , when it arrived and placed it on it still gave me to dreeeded mushroom head !!! It sits lower now all it took was some time n shaving of the interior foam -LSB- haha -RSB- i would not recommend this to anybody whose looking for a low peofile dot helmet .
 Parts did n't fit my truck , had to re-install my old broken lock cylinders . Was n't my fault , Amazon said the part would fit .
 Did n't use because afraid I would not be able to get my hands out if I needed to . Should have returned .
 These wipers are terrible . After one week , I had terrible streaking with my 2005 Toyota Prius . The wipers are clean , the window is clean , but still , I cant get a clean swipe . Look elsewhere !
 Do n't waste your money on this one . The experts are correct , buy two cheap blades every six months
 In stock does not mean in stock . Ordered this and brake for other side . Get email that this caliper is back ordered and after 3 weeks my order is cancelled and waiting for refund . Recieved the other caliper in the mail and missing parts . Description has changed since I ordered . Originally stated this caliper was with bracket . No bracket recieved with caliper or any mounting hardware at that .
 Smell is not strong enough to fragrant my car . Can basically only smell it with nose practically touching the container . Even what little smell there is fades after a very short time . Only plus is the cool looking container . No point in a good looking air freshener that does n't have a smell though .
 I put this filter into my '04 Honda Civic Hybrid expecting a lot and was I disappointed ! My mileage went from 51-53mpg to 46mpg . Totally unacceptable . I ended up returning the filter . I love `` greener '' products that are reusable , but it is n't worth the mpg loss for my vehicle . I highly recommend NOT getting this if you are trying it in a hybrid . I think it has to do with the sensitivity of the engine since it 's so fine-tuned and small . Stick with a quality paper filter and keep your mileage .
 I ordered this product for my son 's 1995 Nissan 200sx . This item claimed `` nibbed '' backing and displays attachment grommet for the driver 's side . The product I received was not nibbed -LRB- the backing was flat -RRB- and did not have driver 's side attachment grommet installed . I ordered the set of four grey mats , color was closer to black/charcoal than grey -LRB- I expected something much closer to a medium or even a light or dark grey but not nearly black -RRB- . I feel the product description was misrepresented . Quality of product seems good .
 This decal is tiny and it is a waste of money dont buy it . It is only 4 '' X 5 '' , you can buy this same decal at any Harley dealer for $ 5.00 .
 The bar is too flimsy to hold heavy cargo from moving around -LRB- It should be called `` Groceries Bar '' instead of `` Cargo Bar '' . The net is about 30 '' wide so it probably would n't hold all your groceries in your fullsize pickup . Want a real Cargo bar , go down to your local truck stop/fuel center and buy you a real cargo bar -LRB- I got mine @ $ 24.99 and it can adjust from 3 to 8 ft and can hold anything -RRB- .
 The picture is of the rear seat but the product sent to us is the front seats ! Fabric is great but did n't try to put it on b/c we do n't need the front seat covers .
 I would like to put these on my rear tail light lenses , what size are these decals ? and are they adhesive backed .
 When I was buying it from Amazon , I specify 2004 Infinity G35X . X stands for `` all wheel drive '' I was very exited a week later to receive this Borla exhaust . O boy , I was very POff to find out with my mechanics , after we removed my old original exhaust that this one fits only regular g35 not g35x ... Amazon shame on you . Lets see how many hoops I need to jump through to return this product .
 I order 2 Derale Fans from 2 different website . I was pissed off to find that Derale buys SPAL fans puts them in their box and resells them at an inflated price . There spec sheets for current and CMF do n't match the actual spec sheets from SPAL . Never but a Derale Fan . Go on SPAL 's website and find the actual fan you will be getting .
 I bought this Stainless steel solar vent for my dad 's boat around August 2008 . When it came , the internal fan motor was out of balance , so it was making noise unless you hold/mount it at a certain angle . Since I did not have time to send it back and wait for replacement , I decided to go with it and mounted it on my dad 's boat by carefully adjusting the angle of it so it worked without making noise.But after 4 months , it simply stopped working . For 120 something dollars , it should be much more sturdy.Also the manual is horrible . For the battery installation/replacement , remove the led light and you will see a thin white foam sheet cover . Remove that , and you will see two tiny screws . You have to remove them and then you can remove the battery cover . Even though I am a very technical person , it took me a long while to figure that out since my manual only said to use a dime to open it through a small notch.Anyway , if you really need a powered went , this is best looking one but build quality is not very good . Now I have to remove it from the boat and have to install a porthole window to cover the 10 '' opening.I will update this comment once I contact and get further info about the warranty process , if there is any .
 The first fan I received did n't work Amazon was great about returning it and sending another one . The second one worked good for about a week then the batteries died . I replaced the batteries with some good quality rechargeables and so far it 's working good . The instructions are not easy to follow .
 The instructions were so bad I went to the net , expecting something better . Nope same stuff . There is a white plastic part that covers the screws for the battery . Not shown in the instructions . Once I got it together and istalled - does n't work . The night light is super , fan does n't work .
 This would not fit my 2010 Cobalt . They must be for a 9x4 J hook . They would not fit into the hook ! Do not buy unless you are sure they will fit !
 The claims of high quality are not matched by the product . I replaced it with one I bought at the local auto store . Just my opinion .
 I ordered two I repeat two LOGO CUTZ rear window decals part # 4302 which come in a plastic package about the same size you had listed in your ad 13x6x2 . Im pretty sure a decal should have only have 2 dimensions and LOGO CUTZ part # 4302 is 25.75 x9 .5 in . What I recieved was NOT a LOGO CUTZ decal it was not in any kind of plastic package it came in a envelope and there was only one but I ordered two , Which means I paid over $ 10 for a fake LOGO CUTZ decal so thanks for the false advertising and stealing my money .
 DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT !!! I do n't know who these people are that are soo satified but I think they are planted reviews . This was delivered in three boxes and was bound by plastic wrap . Once out of the box , the three layers were cut with what looked like pinking shears and were horribly uneven . This was NEVER a mattress that sold for 259.00 ... When I tried to return it All Sleep was helpful at first but I could not package the layers to send . While trying to come up with a solution to the shipping problem , the UPS labels they sent to me expired and now they will not return any emails or calls . They are not a member of the BBB in MA , so foget trying to report them.WORST SERVICE AND PRODUCT EVER !
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 This would have been a perfect match with the exception that I was not able to program the device and use the clicker What the pictures do not tell you is that it did not have a panic button on the back of the clicker . Without the panic button , I was unable to follow the programming instructions . In the program instructions , it called for you to press the panic button . How can I press something that is not there !!!!!! I was not able to use this item and would have returned it had I not have used it for spare parts to repair the old key fob ...
 Do not order this hitch . I ordered this hitch for a 2003 Subaru Outback Wagon . As others mentioned the hitch does not fit properly . I spent two hours prepping the car and trying to hang this hitch , and found there is no way the hitch could properly and safely be mounted . I need to return it to Amazon and because they say the issue is not theirs I am on the hook for return shipping . Save yourself the time , frustration and money and do not order this hitch .
 I realize there 's no way the manufacture can forsee every problem each vehicle may have , but here 's a couple of problems I ran into while installing this hitch onto my '04 Subaru Legacy Wagon ... 1 -RRB- The distance , width -LRB- from mounting point to mounting point -RRB- was short about 1/2 inch . Which means either the hitch was cut short or my mounting points were bent -LRB- which mine were ` nt -RRB- . So I had to shim the passenger 's point of attachment in order to get the proper fit .2 -RRB- The carriage bolt on the passenger side was too long . Once the hitch was bolted up and you attempt to re-install the canister box , the bolt sticks out too far and wo n't allow it to fit back into place . Remedy ... either cut the bolt or shim the canister mounting bracket . Either choice is/was a pain in the neck.Some positives ... a -RRB- great looking hitch , with quality welds and paint jobb -RRB- love the way it tucks under the bumper!Installation note ... I did n't have to mess with the muffler hanger -LRB- s -RRB- . Hitch fit right up into position .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 DO NOT BUY ! Bolts will snap like a pretzel ! I was tightening the driver side mirror when the bolt snapped right off . I was n't gorilla gripping it or anything . I was simply just repositioning them so I could ride with the doors off . This was only the third time that I had removed them and I have had these mirrors about 5 months .
 this mirror is crap - screw stud pulled right out of mirror when tightening ! also , mirror was poorly glued on the plate . Also , had 4 mirrir rucker point instead of 3 so I could not use the top ofthe mirror . Only option for just one mirrir I could find though . Chrome one is slightly better .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 Product began to rust 60 days after purchase , the entire purpose of purchasing this product is to prevent rust , speaking to Reese they said that this product had been obsolete for 5 years , I recd a replacement from Amazon , looks like the same , time will tell .
 This towpower ball mount is anounced as no rust stainless steel but got rusted in a week use . Cheap item do not buy
 Tried to use this , but did n't find it helpful at all . Ended up using a C-Clamp and a 2x4 with some old fashion muscle and got the job done .
 This tumbler was advertised to fit my 1998 Toyota 4runner . After taking it to a locksmith to he rekeyed found out it 's the wrong part . Wo n't accept a 1998 Toyota key . Now I have to spend my time and money returning the part . Not cool . Losing my faith in amazon .
 This battery is shipped dry , which is expected , but does NOT include acid . Oddly enough , it comes with a filler tube and nowhere does it mention that there is no acid in the description . Same goes on the Powersport site , simply says it is shipped dry -LRB- which I assumed it still came with acid ! -RRB- . Do n't bother buying this item . The same battery with a different part number cost $ 2 more from Powersports and comes with acid ! Have not tried it yet but will report any quality issues . Also , despite living in the digital age , Powersport is unable to provide a tracking number or shipping information and items tend to arrive at the end of their estimated ; i.e. , if the estimate is 3-6 days , assume it will be 6 days , and delivery estimate email typically comes 2-4 days after you placed the order . It 's sort of sad .
 I honestly have to say I am disappointed with this item . It is a German style helmet . It is wrapped on leather , but that 's about it . I can not even begin to understand how this company would expect a true biker to wear this thing . I took it out of the box and it looked like I put a painter 's bucket on my head . I know I ordered the right size because the fit is accurate and it definately is not just my opinion as my wife shares my sentiments . The DOT on the back of the helmet also appears like a regular sticker was just slapped on it .
 I gave this Milton Industries model 1260 Battery Tester the lowest possible rating for three reasons
 I had two Battery testers , one was my old Snap On that I had for over 30 years , like a fool I sold it in a garage sale because I had bought a new MILTON 1260 tester , well after using the meter 2 times the load switch quit , a disassembly of the switch showed the little plastic contacts MELTED and the switch failed.Its funny that after using my Snap On all of these years Milton is saying that I held the switch on two long . The switch is under rated , a much heavier switch is needed , I will find my own replacement switch and repair it myself.IF I WERE TO DO IT AGAIN I WOULD NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , IT HAS A VERY POOR LOAD SWITCH .
 Had this tester for 2 years . Used the tester maybe a total of 10 times . After only minimal use the Load Switch failed . When I contacted Milton they we little or No help . Its a useful piece of equipment but rendered usless with a defective Load switch and Milton wanted nothing to do with correcting the problem .
 I honestly have to say I am disappointed with this item . It is a German style helmet . It is wrapped on leather , but that 's about it . I can not even begin to understand how this company would expect a true biker to wear this thing . I took it out of the box and it looked like I put a painter 's bucket on my head . I know I ordered the right size because the fit is accurate and it definately is not just my opinion as my wife shares my sentiments . The DOT on the back of the helmet also appears like a regular sticker was just slapped on it .
 Does not fit 1/2 ton 88 ' chevy van , pins to long & bushings to big . Even all the auto parts stores I checked out said this was the right item , but it is not . Did not want to drill out hinges for bushings to fit , so I bought the variety pack , which has the correct bushings . Then cut pins to size . I guess that 's part of the thrill in restoring an older vehicle .
 This unit has some attractive features , but did not last long . The temperature sensor MUST be mounted in precisely the right location , or you will get wildly erroneous readings . Product quit functioning after 6 months
 If you see `` BCA NATIONAL 515050 AXLE BEARING AND HUB ASSEMBLY '' and `` sold by AMAZON.COM '' , then what is any reasonable person supposed to expect they are to receive from Amazon ? Exactly , a premium BCA NATIONAL branded # 515050 part from Amazon!That 's not what I received !! I ordered 2 ea . of these and to my huge surprise , I received 2 off branded `` Made in China '' hubs , and in fact , 2 hubs of 2 different Chinese made sub-par brands . 1 hub is a `` Federated Auto Parts '' brand hub part number PT515050 , which is distributed by FAPD in Staunton , VA -LRB- says so right on the box -RRB- , and the other is some obscure `` SRT '' brand hub with part number SB515050 . I 've posted pictures for you to see what you may get.Dammit ! I paid a premium price for BCA NATIONAL parts , not these generic branded Chinese hubs !!! In fact , I paid good money for a good product , but what I got was way short of/different than that . Do n't get caught in this fraudulent deal !!! DO NOT BUY these , you 'll get ripped off . You can find this kind of generic part for far less money than here!This is just blatant false advertisement on Amazon 's part . If you sell BCA NATIONAL , then ship BCA NATIONAL . Shame on them ! They should avoid situations like this , by telling us customers prior to shipping out any substitute products without our consent ! Again , shame on Amazon ! This is a waste of everyone 's time and money!I also wrote Federal-Mogul to let them know what Amazon is doing with their name brand too !
 I honestly have to say I am disappointed with this item . It is a German style helmet . It is wrapped on leather , but that 's about it . I can not even begin to understand how this company would expect a true biker to wear this thing . I took it out of the box and it looked like I put a painter 's bucket on my head . I know I ordered the right size because the fit is accurate and it definately is not just my opinion as my wife shares my sentiments . The DOT on the back of the helmet also appears like a regular sticker was just slapped on it .
 The quality of this bobble head is prety cheap . The neck has sharp plastic edges on it and the head barely bobbles . The paint job is horrible too . It 's like Night of the living dead chihauhua . The eyes are like uncle fester from adams family . DONT WASTE UR MONEY
 this mirror is crap - screw stud pulled right out of mirror when tightening ! also , mirror was poorly glued on the plate . Also , had 4 mirrir rucker point instead of 3 so I could not use the top ofthe mirror . Only option for just one mirrir I could find though . Chrome one is slightly better .
 DO NOT BUY ! Bolts will snap like a pretzel ! I was tightening the driver side mirror when the bolt snapped right off . I was n't gorilla gripping it or anything . I was simply just repositioning them so I could ride with the doors off . This was only the third time that I had removed them and I have had these mirrors about 5 months .
 I am on Amazon today to buy yet ANOTHER 6054 . After several years of enjoying the silver star 6054 light output and color -LRB- at the hassle and expense of more frequent changes -RRB- , I have finally had it with these . I am lucky to get a year out of a bulb . I am done with these . After some research , my experience has been confirmed . All over the net you 'll find people discussing their same shortened life of the Silver Star story . Then I found an interesting write up on a lighting company 's website -LRB- see the last sentence -RRB- : `` Osram bought the well-established American lampmaker Sylvania in the early 1990s , so Osram is now Sylvania 's parent company . Sylvania also sells a line of automotive bulbs they call `` Silver Star '' , but it 's not the same product . The Sylvania Silver Stars have blue glass . Light output is of legal levels , but as with all blue-filtered bulbs , you do not get more light from them . The Sylvania SilverStar bulbs have a very short lifetime , because the filament is overdriven to get a legal amount of light despite the blue glass . '' -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Do not purchase these headlights . I only had mine about 3 weeks and they burned out on the bright lights . Specs say 50 hours !!!! Are you kidding me ? Only 50 hours on bright ? I guess no on is supposed to drive much at night .
 I bought these headlights for my Jeep Cherokee and they are not as bright as the OEM ones I had in there . I drove 150 miles on a 2 lane highway with my lights on bright and not a single car blinked at me for bright lights -- Not one ! I even spent the money to have a shop aim the headlights and they were n't that far off . I would not buy these again ! !
 During night time driving , I 've estimated that roughly 35 % of the cars I pass flash their brights at me with these headlights . Not only do I dislike blinding others with MY headlights , I seriously dislike being constantly flashed . I 've always felt bad after flashing my brights at someone only to be flashed by their even brighter brights in return . Now I 'm on the other end of that and I 'm not sure what to do about it.As far as quality of the actual light goes , I love them ... but they seriously piss off everyone else I run into .
 Not as bright as expected . Little difference from the cheaper halogen headlights . I put them in my RV . Due to the cost probably other better products out there .
 Burned Out
 I do not recommend this product at all . The so called headlights had a weird illumination pattern , making it much harder to see at night than the original headlights that my vehicle came with . Try Phillips instead and you 'll be much happier .
 The light is spotty . Contact customer service at Sylvania and never heard back . Not What I expected . Prior units were superior .
 This product does not work right . It leaks , because it uses an o-ring instead of a gasket , where a gasket is needed . If you want to use the product be sure to correct this before you install it !
 the headlights on my 97 chevy blazer were so dim it was hard to see at night if it was raining . when i looked for replacements these sounded great . they are better quality , glass instead of plastic , and a bit brighter , but still dim . i also have an 04 mercedes and the headlights on those are incredible . i can see better on low beam in that car than the hi beam with these new sylvania . bottom line , disappointed big time .
 got rusted in a week of instalation and they assure no rust for life . Do yourself a favor Do not buy
 I ordered this Ford Logo decal for my truck . It clearly shows the Ford letters with an oval around it in the picture but whe nI recieved my package there was no oval . I am not very happy about this .
 I ordered this becasue it said it was a particular size ... but when I got it it was really big , far bigger than the description said . It looks like some sellers are not paying attention to what the discription says and just sending it anyway . I was refuneded but too bad it happened in the first place .
 If this step had fit , I would have given it 5 rating as it seems well made , but ... I have a 2008 2500HD Sierra , and according to the information give , this step should fit - it definitely does n't . I called the 800 number in the box , and after several calls back and forth , his only advice was to machine or grind down one of the the parts , and make a different spacer , and etc. . Huh ? Even if I did all that , the step would n't be secure , as the only cross member available for installation has less than 4 '' free , and the step needs more than twice that to be stable . Amazon gladly accepted the return and as far as I am concerned , they get a 5 + rating for customer service .
 Although this was supposed to fit that pickup , there was absolutely anyway to mount it using hardware provided or following instructions .
 Have had on my truck for about 4 years now and the corrosion is on every thing that is not aluminum . Pull handle is froze in place and broke today . Will try and disassemble tomorrow after soaking in Seafoam . Needs to be replaced but not sure if I can get a replacement handle or may just scrap whole thing .
 While this product looks good and functions well while new , it rusted shut over the winter and is inoperable . What a piece of junk . I mounted it on my F150 and it seemed to be just the thing I needed . Unfortunatley , it did n't survive the winter in Minn. and in the spring when I tried to use it , is was no longer operable due to rusting solid in the closed position . You 'd think that would have somehow been factored in to the product development given its location on the bed and exposure to water , snow , salt , etc. . Shopping again for a different model .
 After having these for a few years they have rusted up and the dissimilar metals have fused together in the portion of the step that rotates . The locking mechinism that holds the step from moving when using the piston that acuates it freezes up also . I used these steps a total of maybe a dozen times until they froze up and were no longer able to be rotated out for use . I do not recommend buying these unless you plan to take them apart twice per year and lubricate and totally clean all corrosion off .
 If you do not have access to a machine shop do not buy this step . I promise this does not fit 2004 dodge 2500 quad lb pu . I had to make a 2 '' spacer to add to spacer that come with package . Cross brace was not open on my pu .
 I ordered this for my 2012 Tacoma . When I got it and looked at the installation instructions , it stated that it was not compatible with trucks with a Backup Camera , so I shipped it back . It did not ask if my truck had the backup camera when I ordered it . I believe they are standard equipment now . I also had to pay the shipping and return fee , as my return options indicated it was my error .
 I purchased this and have misplaced the ac/dc adaptor & manual . I tried to call the phone number on the box -LRB- 888-231-4022 -RRB- and it has been disconnected . I then found another number for The Coleman Co , Inc. and was told that this is not their product and that the company that made it -LRB- Team Products Int -RRB- is out of business and apparently they made it for Coleman Powermate , Inc which is also out of business . However it does say , on the bottom of the box The Coleman Co , Inc. . I did n't get anywhere when I called Coleman . They would n't take any responsibility for this product even though it has their name as big as life on the box . From a little research I have found that Coleman is good for selling thir name to other companies -LRB- http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/0/260/RipOff0260168.htm -RRB- . I wo n't be buying any more Coleman products . If you want to confirm this you can call
 I 'd give it -1 star if I could . Wo n't jump a dead battery and Coleman wo n't have anything to do with it so God help you if you lose/misplace/break a part . More Chinese cr@p for our US landfills .
 I purchased this system several years ago to use in an emergency ... of course . Well , nothing on it every worked . The inflator makes the sound but it does not pump air ... also the built in gauge does n't work . I recently tried to jumpstart my car in an emergency , of course , it didnt work . I dont think Coleman makes this anymore but if you see one for sale , dont buy it .
 I received the PMJ8160 for a father 's day present and have used it for running a 7 watt fan all night long on a camping trip . It worked well for that , but with hurricane gustav , I really needed some power and needed to power my internet modem so I could connect with work and family/friends to let them know I was okay ... the modem only uses 13 watts ; thus at 18 amp hours one would think that I would get from 12 - 13 hours out of it . I got a little over 2 ... Today , I had a dead battery in my Toyota Sienna and tried to start it with a fully charged PMJ8160 ... nothing . I am rather dissapointed in this product and really can not recommend it to anyone ... go to Harbor Freight and get the Chicago Electric version for a lot less ...
 My Coleman Jumpstart unit has never been used . It will not take a charge . Has been connected to electricity for 24 hours , red light is the only light on . Can any one help ? Very unhappy in Wisconsin !! Buying this Coleman product was like throwing money away . Beware !!
 I 've owned one of these Coleman units for five years . I keep it plugged in and ready for use with a power inverter to provide AC power for a lamp or radio during a power outage . Never had to jump a car with it -LRB- looks like that was a good thing -RRB- . After five years , I noticed that it is no longer holding a charge . The built in lamp glows but only at half power . The power supply/charger is working fine so it appears that the internal battery is shot.I have a similar starter kit made by Sears that I 've had for almost ten years and still works great for jumping cars and running a small lamp during power failures .
 Impossible to change the battery . Planed obsolescence , and conscious manufacturing so as to created waste .
 i thought i would not have any problems with this product ! but after installing it about 5 days in a row , the painted chrome is starting to flake off , and fall all over my black interior . but the locking mechanism works ok . thanks
 I bought these for the low-beam side and have had to replace the right side twice and the left once . They only seem to last about 8 to 9 months .
 I was n't to happy with this product . I thought they would be blue . I have n't driven with them yet but does anyone know where to actually get BLUE headlights ? I heard that if you get a trasnformer put on your headlights it will convert 12v ro 80,000 v and give you the BRIGHT BLUE LOOK that most cars with Ultra Blue lights get .
 The picture of this gage on Amazon suggests it has dual chucks , and is heavy duty . The s921 is a small , single-chuck automotive gage shown elsewhere on the Amazon site for two bucks less ! Best to always check out model numbers with another source before ordering based on a picture .
 not very good not as loud as asvertised was very easy to install but not as loud as i would like it good quality horn
 Here 's my round-up of tire pressure gauges . Prices vary a lot on Amazon . Usually much cheaper if purchased directly from Amazon -LRB- free shipping -RRB- than from an affiliated seller . So be careful which seller you pick . If Amazon is out of stock , you may want to wait a week or two . Prices below are what I paid , including free shipping.In Jan 2009 , I bought two gauges
 The picture is of the rear seat but the product sent to us is the front seats ! Fabric is great but did n't try to put it on b/c we do n't need the front seat covers .
 I have purchased multiples of these and now I 'm done . Why ? Because they bend very easily . And no , NOT because I drove away with them still locked between the tires of my RV . There is one weak link in these and it is one of the `` X '' bars . The product uses galvanized stamped metal , but part of the design requires that one of the bars does n't have support . It just simple bends when trying to lock it if you set it with enough pressure to actually `` lock '' the tires . I loosened them to keep them from bending when I simply put them in and had my RV roll off one time . That was not good . I went to a different product by Winfield and they used much thicker stainless and the design is more like the BAL `` X-chock '' . They gauranteed thiers would NOT bend . Of course it cost more and is n't as easy to use . But what is the point of easy if the product does n't work . I wish that Ultra-Fab used the materials of the Winfield with the design of their product . It might actually work then and I would n't mind paying more for something that works and lasts . The reason I gave it 2 starts rather than 1 is simply because of their excellent idea and ease of use of their product . Love the handle on it to place between the tires , love the one pull handle to tighten/un-tighten . Hate the one part of the design that ruins the whole thing .
 cute but not gorgeous . as in they have a hint of blue but not as blue as i expected . They are more like brilliant white especially compared to some other ones i have seen that look so blue that it illuminated blue from every angle . They need to put the pic on the box or online to where u are driving up on them to show what they really look like .
 After paying what I think is a premium price for a reputable brand name , I am shocked to see the hour meter is made in China . Is anything still made in America ? If I wanted to buy one made in China , I would have looked at the cheaper ones .
 The storage box makes this a one star . I ordered three and all the boxes were damaged do to the cheap and ridgid plastic box .
 Not happy that Amazon shows the complete assembly when offering a part . Several times I wanted the complete assembly - the picture showed the complete assembly - but received only a part . No text to describe the product either . Result several returns before getting the correct item .
 I ordered this hub by looking at the picture , big mistake , The picture shows studs on hub but what I got was bolts . I guess I should have read product description which says hub kit with bolts . lining up bolts threw a rim is a pain . I have bolts on my trailer now , thats why I ordered this hub . silly me .
 I am rating this with one star . I have not tried it yet , but I just opened the box and some things are missing which is really dissapointing . So this is more like a rating for True Value , the company this is purchased through amazon.com . When I try it , if they send me the cord that is supposed to come with the vacuum , I may write another review . It was supposed to be new but the box was abviously opened so for that I would not buy this from Amazon.com .
 This product has no value as an emergency kit for a Car ! The Jumper Cables are made of a thinner gauge wire & the length is so short that they could only work between 2 sub compact cars that have identicle battery placements . Perhaps since &#34; Bell Automotive &#34; is the mfg. they might have meant this for an electric bicycle.The photo is misleading , when you open the bag , a great cavern greats you with an inky dinky flashlight that belongs on a dollar store on closeout for $ 0.50 cents . I found the right kit was Bridgestone and included an emergency blanket to boot . RUN , DRIVE AWAY @ BREAKNECK SPEED FROM THIS ITEM !
 The overall concept of it was good , but the items were not of very good quality . The jumper cables are not capable of starting a car or truck engine -- they are way too inferior . I 'll know now that jumper cables of good quality will cost at least $ 40.00 or more .
 I ordered this product as a gift for my brother for Christmas . It was a joke ! The sign looked like someone hand made it . The doctor 's bag was the size of a small child 's toy doctor 's bag . Not what I expected at all . I gave it as a gag gift to someone else instead .
 This is a terrible product . It offers no support for any part of your body . The `` bubble '' circles are empty and collapse when you sit on them . I was very disappointed and returned the seat cushion . I do not recommend this product .
 did not like the seat cushion , it was cheaply made and it did not last long at all , the lumbar support did not work at all
 Looks cool but does n't last long . The led gets tired quickly and dims , then burns out . Whether you take it out of the a/c socket often or do n't , it dies the same . Quickly . Not worth the money in my opinion .
 ORDERED PART FROM THIS SELLER AND WAS SHIPPED WRONG PART . WAS TOLD THERE WOULD BE A 20 % CHARGE PLUS THE COST OF RETURN SHIPPING TO THEM . THEY SENT THE WRONG PARTS AND NOW I HAVE TO PAY DOUBLE SHIPPING AND 20 % ON TOP OF THAT .
 How could anyone review this and/or purchase this hub kit without knowing what the pitch circle diameter and the stud sizes of the hub are ? Until better specs are listed I doubt many of these will be sold and many will be returned .
 I put it in my Toyota Camry and it gave me problems like erratic shifts , it causes the transmission to delay shifting . It also stalls the response from the transmission . I put this product in while i changed to new automatic transmission fluid . I noticed it had problems right away since I put the product in.Everything this product claims is a lie . I recommend that you do n't buy this product and save your money .
 If you have a 2008 Kia Rio5 this will not fit your car . I bought this item because the page said that it would fit my car . After it arrived and I tried installing it , it became very apparent that it would never fit my car . The return process was easy so it was not the worst thing ever , just a big let down that it would n't fit . I ended up just going to U-Haul and buying one from them and having them install it . The hitch I ended up with from U-Haul looks closer toCURT Manufacturing 110920 Class 1 Trailer Hitch Only . If you are looking for a hitch for a car like mine or one close to it , I suggest buying the one I linked .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 I purchased this item to store relatively lightweight to medium-weight articles that usually roll around in my trunk -LRB- including a blanket , workout clothes , a few water bottles , and some car supplies like antifreeze -RRB- . I had done some research , and liked the fact that this item was light , had adjustable compartments , and could fold flat.Unfortunately , this item did not meet up to my expectations . The actual base structure of the organizer -LRB- the four main walls -RRB- are quite flimsy that in the first week , the walls started to warp . Keep in mind that I had already placed the three dividers in , and did not have heavy items leaning against the walls to cause it to warp . They have the rigidity of somewhat flexible cardboard . The walls are also not that high -LRB- I 'd prefer that they were higher -RRB- . The dividers are also too flimsy , so I had difficulty getting a few -LRB- filled -RRB- water bottles to stand upright . The way the dividers are designed , they are basically rectangles with velcro tabs running along each corner ; the bottom two adhere to the bottom of the organizer ; the top two adhere to the edge of the top of the organizer . If you can visualize this , it means that only the corners are `` stuck '' and the rest of the edges are n't , which does n't provide a good structure and contributes to the flimsiness.Something else to consider is that it is quite wide , so if you have , for instance , a laptop bag that you do n't want to place inside the organizer -LRB- since it would take up about half the space -RRB- , you may need to place your laptop bag in front of or behind your organizer -LRB- depending on the placement of the organizer -RRB- .
 This item arrived completely broken in half , used , and previously had returned by another dissappointed buyer , I know this because The previous RMA was in the box . I returned them almost a month ago and still have not recieved a refund nor communication from the vendor . I would steer clear of this vendors products and purchase elsewhere .
 This is dirt cheap , and is actually not useful.It will tell you if your motorhome is `` exactly '' flat , but get slightly out of being level , and then you dont know if it is only a bit or a lot.It 's better to get a level indicator that is bigger , and graduated so you can see if you are nearly there and it is enough , or if you wish to be `` exactly '' level .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 I bought it for my VW Passat 1.8 T '04 and Amazon stated that it fits . But it did not !! I had to return the filter : /
 Rotella-T Synthetic is the only choice which HAS NOT held up well sampling oil for analysis.Amsoil is the way to go !
 These are cheap crap , after less than two months they fell off from the adhesive tape . Tape held to camper but level fell off from tape . CHEAP !!!! CHEAP !!!! It 's past the return policy , go figure .
 I was changing my manual transmission fluid and needed a way to get gearbox oil into the car 's transmission fill hole -- I bought this based on the strength of reviews here on Amazon.IT DOES NOT FIT THE UBIQUITOUS STANDARD-SIZED WIDE-MOUTHED 1 LITER BOTTLE OF OIL . Total buzzkill . I can not figure out what I am misreading in the item description or why no one else has had this issue.Fortunately the local O'Reilly sells one made by Peformance Tool -LRB- search google for performance tool W1139 -RRB- that fits both quart and gallon bottles . The wider thread of the pump fits the wide-mouth liter-sized oil bottles which is what my manual transmission fluid came packaged in . It also pumps 1 ounce -LRB- 30 cc -RRB- per actuation and made short work of the 1.3 L of transmission fluid .
 It was presented with the Red Line fluids I was purchasing but the screw-on top DOES NOT FIT RED LINE BOTTLES . I still got my fluids in but if you 're using Red Line try a different brand .
 Pumped fine , but did n't fit the Redline gear oil bottle it was recommended for . I had to duct tape it around the bottle .
 Brought the pump for a transmission fluid drain and fill . Broke right away after the first fuel pumps . Had to get another one at the local store . Bad quality . No GO !
 I bought this at the suggestion of amazon when I bought some Red Line MT90 . Figured this would be an easy solution , but the thread size is wrong for redline bottles ! You can still use it just sorta holding the pump in the bottle , but takes two hands and kinda negates the point of this whole thing !
 Everytime I purchased this product the nozzle would malfunction or get blocked , just ca n't get it to spray anymore , I gave up on buying this after the 3rd can . I now use Meguiars Quick Interior Detail Cleaner spray , it has 13 5 star reviews on Amazon and its a pump spray , not aerosol .
 I bought this item and could not get the product out of the can . It barely sprayed . Such a disappointment .
 The size says fits all , but it would not go on my 1999 Ford F150 steering wheel . While trying to put it on it split at the seam . I had to use duct tape to secure it on my steering wheel . Do n't try this on Trucks is the best advice I can give .
 They appear to be used . I do not want to spend money on shipping them back . They were not wrapped in plastic bag or something and they had a layer of black powder -LRB- generated due to friction with brake drum -RRB- , indicating that they have been used before .
 I expected this kit to be more substantial ; but it 's not . The jumper cables are flimsy and short . The kit is not worth the money . Worse yet , I tried to contact the seller several times for their return policy -LRB- which Amazon does not have -RRB- , and I did n't receive any response.Not only would I not purchase from Auto Alley again ; but I will think twice about ordering anything from Amazon merchants .
 The items were all thrown in the bag with no instructions or documents to understand what the kit had . Also the flashlight is worthless . I payed $ 20 and it was to expensive for this bad quality .
 This is one of the few large-rise class I mounts available . It is safe , but the design of the reinforcing spine rubs against the car 's bumper , damaging the paint . Use it if you absolutely have to pull a trailer with a small car , but be prepared to accept paint scuffs on the bumper .
 I own three cars and all equiped with the K@N filter . My new car is a 2012 VW passat 2.5 did not notice anything perfomance wice , however i bought this filter because is more air going to the engine . I notice that my miles per gallon had decrease i get 4 miles les per galon at highway . I travel myself and i test is on the same highway several times but miles per galon did not got any better .
 I bought this for my 2008 VW Rabbit , hoping to get some sort of performance or efficiency bump . The result was nothing different from stock.Fuel economy is the same , performance feels the same.The only open question is whether this has a longer life than a stock filter . If so , it might justify the cost . Otherwise , it 's not worth it .
 I received the product , and it looks great . However , I needed to be able to store it in my 4 inch RV bumper , along with the waste hose . It will not fit in our standard 4 inch square bumper -LRB- even without the hose attached -RRB- ; so , I ca n't use it . If one has a larger storage area , the product appears to be very durable.I then bought the RhinoFlex hose kit , which has a clear section in it . It works great and fits in the RV bumper .
 OK Quality , Just do not expect anything close to OEM type quality.gauges performs as should though .
 Installed the 8211 on a 2011 harley road glide . after 200 miles the neddle would not fall back to zero with the power off . Now i do not know if the gauge even works . The seller was great no problem , problem is in the product .
 Is not an oil pressure gauge ... says `` temp '' on it . It did n't work in my boat , and if it had it would still look like the water temp gauge .
 This foreign-made gauge is cheaply made , prone to sticking and highly inaccurate . Sunpro should have better quality control on its products ! The gauge frequently sticks as the engine warms . Tapping the gauge causes the needle to relocate almost randomly high or low making it unusable as an accurate real-time indication of the engine temperature . Eventually it is possible to get the needle to rest in about the correct location for what the temperature `` ought '' to be , but is it right ? Who knows , because unless you tap it again , the needle does not change . Based on the engine thermostat , it should read about 185 , but it is easy to get the needle to stop anywhere between about 150 to 230 degrees . If this particular gauge is representative , then do not waste your money . I just wish it was worth the effort to get a refund .
 I would not buy these boots again . I bought these Teknic Defenders at a M/C show in Feb and within 3 weeks of light riding the shift pad wore completely through . I 've had a pair of old engineers boots for over 12 years and a pair of Tour Master Response short boots for around 3 years and they are still holding up well.So I do n't think there is anything special about my shift lever or how I shift.There was also a defect on the inside near the zipper that caused a corner to dig into my leg above my ankle . I was able to fix that . After that , they were quite comfortable and warm.The dealer from the show has been trying to contact Teknic for a couple of weeks with no results . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 instead been sent to other TYC 96001 Replacement it is thinner and cell below a barrel higher and so while robots heardas tserkuliruet ohlozhdayuscheya liquid , not very pleased . &#1074; &#1084; &#1077; &#1089; &#1090; &#1086; &#1101; &#1090; &#1086; &#1075; &#1086; &#1073; &#1099; &#1083; &#1087; &#1088; &#1080; &#1089; &#1083; &#1072; &#1085; &#1076; &#1088; &#1091; &#1075; &#1086; &#1081; TYC 96001 Replacement &#1086; &#1085; &#1090; &#1086; &#1085; &#1100; &#1096; &#1077; &#1080; &#1089; &#1086; &#1090; &#1099; &#1085; &#1080; &#1078; &#1077; &#1072; &#1073; &#1086; &#1095; &#1082; &#1080; &#1074; &#1099; &#1096; &#1077; &#1080; &#1087; &#1086; &#1101; &#1090; &#1086; &#1084; &#1091; &#1074; &#1086; &#1074; &#1088; &#1077; &#1084; &#1103; &#1088; &#1086; &#1073; &#1086; &#1090; &#1099; &#1089; &#1083; &#1099; &#1096; &#1085; &#1086; &#1082; &#1072; &#1082; &#1094; &#1077; &#1088; &#1082; &#1091; &#1083; &#1080; &#1088; &#1091; &#1077; &#1090; &#1086; &#1093; &#1083; &#1086; &#1078; &#1076; &#1072; &#1102; &#1097; &#1077; &#1103; &#1078; &#1080; &#1076; &#1082; &#1086; &#1089; &#1090; , &#1086; &#1095; &#1077; &#1085; &#1100; &#1085; &#1077; &#1076; &#1086; &#1074; &#1086; &#1083; &#1077; &#1085; .
 They are not custom . They do n't have the custome fit holes like the factory ones have . Do n't waste the money . You can the same ones at Walmart for 39.99
 Well unfortunately for me this leaked right out of the box . I have had problems with other new products not performing out of the box before so I was not too surprised . Fortunate for me , I purchased a WP gasket repair kit at the same time and just replaced the rear seal on my old pump that was leaking . The return process was quick and painless and I was credited my full expenses .
 Pros
 I ordered what I thought was a pack of spark plugs . The picture in the product listing shows the box with the quantity 4 -LRB- you can see the number 4 on the upper left top of the box -RRB- . What showed up in my order was a single spark plug . The two customer images also show 4 spark plugs included in the pack . This would have been a deal at ~ $ 5 for a package of 4 - but for only one plug it is twice the price you can get them at Rock Auto . One other reviewer noted this issue with quantity but I did not read the reviews until after I received my delivery . I contacted customer support who said they would get the listing clarified - but evidently they have n't changed it yet.I returned my single plug and ordered for half the price elsewhere.So the one star is not because of the product , which is fine , it is because of the listing .
 The thought behind the vent cover is good ... I have had vent covers on my last 3 rv 's . . This one though turned out to be weakly made . . Rear hinges broke while I was trying to mount top half ... -LRB- made of plastic -RRB- ... the screw hole that holds the front of the cover down had the threads missing ... and last but not least your rv vent cover does not go all the way up ... Also darkens the inside of the camper ... Have not taken it out on the road yet to see how it holds up traveling . . Do n't have much hope for long life . .
 i loved these at first ... until a couple of years went by and the top part became ultra-brittle . After the first one cracked , I discovered that I could literally crumble the plastic cover into small fragments with my hands , like a potato chip ! All three covers were in the same state . Moral
 The top came with several deep scratches across the top . The plastic hinge is cheap and I suspect it will break within a year or two .
 Bought this product to clean `` black streaks '' from a cargo trailer . Product does not instantly , nor with scrubbing , remove the black streaks as it claims . False advertisement . May be good for cleaning floors as the other reviewer stated , but I bought it to clean `` black streaks '' as advertised and it does no such thing ?
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 Was expecting better from Borla . Several parts sent incorrectly , pipes bent wrong , no clearance . Sent it back after several attempts directly through Borla . Their customer service was good , but did n't solve the problem . Return was also very easy with no hassle .
 Direct quote from the advertisement on Amazon below : Product Features * Easy to apply , just press on * Holds instantly by static cling with no glue required * Removable and reusable * Gives your rig that unique look * Measures 26 x 78 inchesNOTE : * It IS NOT easy to apply and press on , it requires time and patience to adhere to windows with the use of a straight edged application tool . * It DOES NOT adhere to the window with static cling which is the reason I decided to purchase . The film must be peeled off to reveal a sticky surface that is then carefully applied to the interior of your windows . Care must be taken to avoid air bubbles that will visibly show between the window and the film . * I HAVE NOT attempted to remove the film but given the materials properties , such as thin film and sticky adhesion I can only ascertain that it would rip or tear when removed and in no way shape or form be reusable .
 It looks cheap and unimpressive flashing like a carnival light at the county fair . I refused to put it in my vehicle and took it to my shop to give away to a kid as a toy .
 I hoped this would be be great device for my car . But i got it after 5 days even though being a prime member . When I think about this product again , i feel its a waste of money . this is cheap ... but still it costs . I would prefer the steering lock instead .
 Shipping was very fast . Product requires 2 AAA batteries that are NOT included . I applied the batteries and product did not turn on even after switching batteries and flipping the on/off switch a few times . After about 5 min , the product heated up to the point I couldnt touch it . I used a towel to remove the scalding hot batteries that are now wasted . Dangerous product . DO NOT BUY !
 Cheap constructed , not really believable and the holder loses its stickiness quickly so you either super glue it or it will fall again.I only liked the fact that you can replace the batteries and I use the reusable ones . But after it fell the last time , I got sick of it and do n't even use it anymore . Do n't waste your money .
 The device has 2 LEDs and the blinking alternates between those two lights . The frequency of the blinking is too fast and normally a anti-theft device has only one LED . It looks absolutely nothing like a real anti-theft device . I got it and I felt this would probably attract thieves -LRB- it 's like a freaking open invitation for thieves saying `` come ! I do n't have an alarm system installed ! '' -RRB- . I decided not to use it . Also , it 's over-priced for a simple led circuit . I will not recommend anyone to get this if you truly care about your car .
 Silly little thing does n't work . I tried different batteries but it never worked . Maybe I got a bad one ? Do n't know . It works just fine in my trash can , with all of the other things I do n't want . Good idea , but a waste of time .
 It works , but that is about all I can say . It does n't look real at all compared to any car alarm light I have seen , and it drained the two AAA batteries in less than a month despite me turning it off in the day . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The stickers are fine and probably have some deterrent value , although they could be more imaginative as a `` fake alarm '' sticket . The leg light keeps falling off as the heat in the car causes the adhesive to melt . It keeps ending up on the floor .
 Save your money it 's junky , cheap and not worth the price.Mine stoped working in cold weather and the battery cover broke .
 Do n't waste your money . The way the two LEDs blink make this thing look like what it is ... a toy . Very disappointed . Ca n't believe I spent more than 1 dollar on such a crappy thing . Even a kid would understand that this thing is not an alarm .
 The main pro of this product is that it looks real enough . I would n't place it directly in view for a would-be robber to see because the person could tell it 's not connected to the car 's electrical system in any way -LRB- and is therefore fake -RRB- . Thankfully my radio has been stolen already so I was able to place it inside where the hole is , just showing , and it looks like it could be attached to something.The con is the thing is garbage . Yes it is cheaply made , it 's just alternates flashing lights . The battery life on this thing is ridiculous . Lasts about 3-4 days , roughly 8-10 hours per day on 2 AAA batteries . Not exactly what I was looking for . Oh well .
 This is a cheap piece of junk made in a well-known foreign Asian land known for producing junk . The two lights are NOT LED and do not flash quickly like a real security system . They are dull lights , alternating from one to the other . Do n't waste your money or batteries . Anyone will tell its fake . I threw mine in the garbage ... was n't worth sending back .
 I ordered this wiper for the rear window on a Volvo V70 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . Amazon/Bosch guide says it should fit . It does not . The Volvo has what appears to be a non-standard rear wiper mount , and the Bosch appears to use the standard J hook connection.I was able to remove the wiper insert from the Hindsight and install it into the existing Volvo wiper bracket . So far , it seems to work fine . The price is right , and low enough to make returning not worth it.Bosch and/or Amazon needs to check its fitment guide , however .
 This blade is on the rear window of my SUV , presumably what it 's made for . Even though it 's supposed to `` fit '' per amazon , the top 3 or 4 inches of the blade barely contact the window , so it does a poor job of wiping that area , which is significant . I 'd expect this rear wiper blade to account for some curvature in the glass . Initially I thought it might need a break-in period , but this is over a year old and still works just as poorly as when I first bought it . I 've got other Bosch blades on the front -LRB- Excel -RRB- and those are great .
 Not a universal fit . I guess they want you to heat it up to mold it to something . Not even worth 10 cents . Just spend the money for a better pod . Go to an actual store so you can see what size you need .
 These nerf bars must have a chrome coating thinner than a piece of toilet paper . The first time it rained I found them starting to rust , and had to quickly get out some chrome polish to remove the rust
 I bought this in advance of a long car trip . My lower back can get sore after extended drives , even though my car has decent lumbar support and I sit up straight with the seat almost as straight as it will go.The main problem with this as a back support for driving is that it is too large to use and remain sitting straight . Underinflation is an option , but it is not very stable in this configuration , even when driving straight . So my back is more mobile and this actually adds more back strain than it helps -LRB- especially when cornering -RRB- . I will try this in an office chair but I am not optimistic that it will be useful.The valve is the standard one used in cheap water wings and other toys . It works okay but makes inflation/deflation harder than it would be with a good valve -LRB- like you 'd find on a Thermarest -RRB- .
 Rarely write reviews but I love Amazon and am compelled to share . I used this in my car for a few weeks and it sprang a leak . Ok , I thought , we 'll patch it and that 'll be it . Nope . Three more times in different areas -LRB- seams , etc -RRB- . I 'm an average guy -LRB- 5 ' 9 '' and 155lbs -RRB- so not too much force on it . Sick of it . Not even recyclable : -LRB-
 ORDERED THE PRODUCT , USED FOR A HAPPY MONTH , AND THEN THE PRODUCT DEPLETES IN 15 MINUTES , NO MATTER HOW HARD I TRY . AND AMAZON DOES NOT ALLOW RETURN FOR OVER 30 DAYS . A TOTAL WASTE . I HOPE THE MANUFACTURE WOULD AT LEAST PROVIDE WARRANTY . EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED.GET YOURSELF A PILLOW INSTEAD , MUCH MORE DURABLE.JUNE , 2012 UPDATE : THE SELLER IMEDIATELY CONTACTED ME AND SENT ME A REPLACED ITEM . GREAT ATTITUDE . I AM CHANGING 1 STAR TO 3 STAR . I HOPE THIS TIME THE REPLACED ITEM WOULD WORK OUT LONGER . IF IT WORKS OUT WELL , I WILL UPDATE.AUGUST , 2012 UPDATE :2 MONTHS HAS PASSED , IT STILL WORKS.AUGUST , 2012 : AT THE END OF THIS MONTH , THE PRODUCT LEAKED AGAIN . THIS IS CERTAINLY NOT A PRODUCT THAT COULD LAST .
 This product worked great for the first two weeks . Somehow it developed a slow leak and no longer holds air for longer than 6 hours which means I have to refill it everyday . Not sure how this happened . It 's been in my car since I purchased it . The quality could be better .
 back booster 101 inflatable lumbar support cushion did not perform as i expectedafter 5 days of use started to leak and loose air every day had to reinflateutlmately gave up keeping it inflated
 Very comfortable and I thought I 'd get a lot of use out of it despite the flimsy looking seams . I was wrong . Started leaking right away and just gave it up less than 1 year after purchase .
 I bought a Back Booster about six weeks ago . Inflated slightly and installed in car . After adjusting amount of air for comfort while driving , I used it for two or three weeks . Then the air went out , the booster lost its boost . Blew more air in the next time I drove and it lasted two days before deflating again . Apparently the valve leaks . Not repairable , it appears .
 I bought one a couple of years ago and it started leaking after a few uses . I bought another and it too started leaking after a few uses . They both started leaking from a seam towards the bottom.I would n't buy one again , I guess you get what you pay for .
 I needed a new back pillow for when I sit for long periods of time . I used it on a four hour flight and my back was worse when I got off the plane . It does n't move with your back and was very stiff . I doubt I will ever use it again . It took me a few days for my back to recover .
 I purchased this product to replace my previous lumbar support cushion by another company that lasted 2 years . The cushion was nice while it worked , but it started leaking air in two weeks under very standard use -LRB- car , office -RRB- . It was returned for a refund and I am going to try anothe product .
 I bought 2 of the back boosters because my husband and I both have had back surgery and need lower back support in the car . We were both very disappointed in their function . To much air makes them hard and a little air is very uncomfortable . One of the booster leaks and is always flat . We would like to return them for a refund if possible . Thank you
 As it specified , it is supposed to be used occasionally , such as travel , not daily use . I tried to use it daily at my office , but it soon worn out , and deflate quickly . I have to return it .
 UPDATE
 I had the same experience as Robert of Niagara . It worked well at first , but it developed a leak after a week of use in my car . It quickly became useless.This happened twice . -LRB- Thinking that the first one I bought just had a defect , I foolishly bought a second one . -RRB-
 We bought 2 of these , but only used one in flight . The pillow deflated 3 or 4 times in the pressurized cabin and was of little use . We never used the second one . I am very disappointed .
 UNRELIABLE QUALITY THOUGH GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICEI purchased this Back Booster -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- somewhere else . One of them started leaking air in a week . The manufacturer sent me 2 not 1 as replacements so I thought it was a good business practice of theirs.HIGH HOPESI fly quite a bit for work and I 've always carried with me an inflatable lumbar support -LRB- or two -RRB- and the lumber support -LRB- s -RRB- sometimes work and other times not as each plane model has different seats . This time -LRB- last week -RRB- when I flew , I brought the Back Booster with me and really had high hopes that it would work as it appeared to be ergonomic.DOES NOT WORK ON THE PLANEWell , I had to fly 2 segments at 3.5 hr each from coast to coast each way . I sat on the planes for 14 hours in a 3-day time frame . I 'm petite and the Back Booster was not even wide enough for me . It 's also either too hard or too soft and wobbly . I could not get comfortable whatsoever.CAUSED MORE DAMAGEOn my return flight , my back started to hurt and I had to walk slowly from one plane to another . By the time I finally got to deplane at the destination , my back was in so much pain that I could n't even straighten it as I walked . I had to bend my back forward walking very slowly ... I am still suffering a week after I flew and used the Back -LRB- pain -RRB- Booster!RECOMMEND AGAINST ITDo not waste your money and cause yourself harm .
 This item arrived with no instructions but an impressive list of disclaimers . I inflated it , strapped it in the driver 's seat of my car and it felt great . I drove 5 miles to a shopping center for a 15-minute errand , and it was completely deflated when I returned to my car . I reinflated it , and the stopper popped out of the inflation point almost immediately . I 've returned it to Amazon for a refund with a suggestion that Amazon dump it and let street vendors handle it from now on .
 i used this back support 2 times and it started leaking air . support ok but i should get more than 2 uses . will not buy another one .
 i had high hope for this product , it was in expensive . the concept was easy enough.but as a car seat addition ? no . no sir.when inflated to the max it pushed my lower back forward so much i could not rest my upper back and shoulders , i released 90 % of the air out to fit my cars ' seat design , at then i still has to be readjusted even with the secure straps which keeps it in place . but since it 's 10 % inflated is weirdly shaped and eventually uncomfortable .
 This cracked along the seam within 2 weeks of use . It had the proper support but is of inferior quality .
 This seemed like a great thing , I ordered it for the airplane rides on my recent international adventures . But in just a matter of weeks it wo n't hold air any more . I did n't damage or puncture it , and I ca n't see or hear where there is a leak . So it 's a disappointing addition to the land fill , now being too late to return it . I 'd suggest a different product .
 I 've purchased this product twice in less than 1 year . While it 's very helpful when inflated , after a month or so it wo n't stay inflated for more than 30 minutes of use . I figured maybe the first one was just a dud , so I purchased another one . I still have the same problem - I use it in my car driving to and from work -LRB- a 45-minute drive -RRB- ... I blow it up every morning and by the time I get to work , it 's flat . I blow it up in the afternoon for the drive home , and again , it 's deflated by the time I get home . I 've had the same problem with both of the supports I 've purchased . No only is it inexpensive , it 's cheap and not worth the air it takes to inflate it twice a day !
 Pillow started to leak after 6 weeks of having it . Leak is in a seam and deflates completely on 30 mins . Return policy is 30 days . Be careful ...
 It does n't stay inflated . It 's fine for a short time but loses air quickly . I 've tried several times so I plan to return it .
 This cushion lasted just long enough that I could n't return it to Amazon . It developed a severe leak , and would not stay inflated for more than a few minutes . In looking at the reviews , other people experienced this same problem . Buyer beware . Do n't waste your money on this product . It was a good cushion while it lasted , but one does expect something like this to last a bit longer than 40 days.Update 02/2008
 i had to return this item 2 times bc it kept deflating . first week it was fine . then 3rd week it basically started leaking air ... not good . otherwise , the shape , the fact that it can get compact , make it very useful for flights and at work - but the manufacturing issue is a problem .
 Pros : Has soft fuzz-type exterior.Cons : Strap did not fit around car seat well . Will not fit any bucket type or indented seats . It would work on a flat backed chair , but otherwise the strap is superfluous and gets in the way.The curvature is not adequate and being inflatable it does not hold its shape well . A firm type foam back support I had once that has a similar -LRB- but more pronounced -RRB- curvature and is much better.After a day or so of using it in my car it went flat .
 As others have noted , this thing leaks a lot . Basically , it is single layer construction -- like the cheapo type of air mattresses for swimming pools . The outside has a kind of short velour-like texture , which is not bad . Despite the leaks , it works okay for sitting on the sofa . However , I originally purchased it for use during an air flight . I discovered that since the seats are so close now , when I used the cushion my face was too close to the seat back in front of me . I purchased this thing for a reduced price , so the low level use is okay . However , at $ 20 or so now , it is well overpriced for the quality . I will look for something else to support my back ...
 This item does not work in a car . You can not use it and have any part of your back touching the actual car seat . It would be good for promoting upright posture so that one can balance a book on one 's head while driving , but who wants to do that ? The center of a good lumbar support needs to be somewhat concave . I just found really good ones at Walgreens for $ 5 each !
 DO NOT BUY !!! These are so comfortable because they are adjustable . HOWEVER I bought two of them and both developed leaks , the first one within one month of use and the second within nine months .
 I have purchased the back booster two times . I was disappointed that the first one failed , but pleased at it 's portability and support so I decided to take a chance and get a second one . Now , the second was has failed as well - only 4 months old ! I am hesitant to order a third one . I use this on long flights which I only do two to three times a year and I am having to buy one every time I fly so , not such a great financial solution to lower back pain . Will try another product
 Having a bad back , I was looking for anything that would help the pain . I watched the infomercial and was impressed with the product . I ordered the item and it was received with great expectations . It took very little effort to inflate and I was ready to use it . It stayed inflated for about two to three hours but gradually lost its firmness as it began to deflate . It obviously had a leak . Contacted Amazon and they authorized a return.Have since pruchased another product -LRB- considerably more expensive -RRB- made from memory foam and it it 's super .
 Does what it needs to do -- but has a slow leak so must be reinflated every 24 hours . That 's a disappointment .
 What a disappointment . I followed instructions and used as directed , but it has a slow leak . I submerged it underwater to search for a puncture , but could not even find the leak -- that 's how slow the leak is . I reinflated about every 2-3 days at first , then it would not even stay inflated for a full day , so I 'm returning it . I wish I knew why it 's leaking air , but maybe it 's the entire product .
 ... suddenly it deflates quickly.while it worked it was excellent . I have to locate the leak.Worked in the car -LRB- a few times -RRB- as well as home . I have had it for a month or so .
 This product is nothing that I thought , is a cheap version of something great , I waist my money and the worse thing is , I bought one for my sister and sent that over sea , s. after I spent so much money on postage to that country , she will be disappointment with what her sister send her . what a sad story .
 This is the worst money I 've ever spent , it lasted about 2 weeks and it broke . I bought one 2 years ago and it was wouking fine untill somebody took it off of my truck but by that time the light still worked but it stopped moving up and down . If this is the best they can do the need to re-think manufacturing.I would realy like to get my money back.Terry
 i was hoping that it can reduce dust in the car . . but it is making more ... and it does not fit well .
 They accept the payment , but never sent the Item.Now I have to cancel after three weeks of waiting.unbelievable but true , do not send e-mail to keep you informed .
 These license plate frames have been on my two Hondas for almost a year and they are pitted and have rust spots bleeding through the chrome . They certainly do NOT make the vehicles look better .
 I bought this frame from a local automotive store . A year later the black is coming off , the chrome looks oxidized , and it just looks plain awful . I 'm never buying a license plate frame again . It was a total waste of money .
 looked good at first , but then got dull , and pitted , couldnt get it clean again . shame cause its a good design
 After a couple months of winter weather , the frame is pitted and dull . I clean up my cars every chance I get so it 's not like the frame was n't getting cleaned . It did look nice last fall , though .
 In general , I do n't like these clips . They let the seat belts get caught in the door . This one is an expensive piece of cheap plastic . That might be OK if it worked well . Unfortunately , I have to keep adjusting it on my 1999 Suburban because it slides out of position . My reason for buying it was that the shoulder belt was chafing the material on my sport coats . -LRB- My wife uses the Lupo on several of our cars to keep the shoulder harness off of her neck ; I do n't like the two-piece Lupo because it 's always coming apart . -RRB-
 While this was easy to put on ... it just did n't , t stay in place . Wound up using seatbelt 2 Velcro seatbelt covers instead .
 This product is not user friendly . Once you have attached to your seatbelt it 's very difficult to adjust , but once you do adjust , when you unfasten your seatbelt to get out it does not allow the belt to roll up to get out of the way when closing the door . You will need to take it off the belt each time you get in and out of car which then becomes a hassle .
 This did not work it kept coming unattached . Very frustrating . Dont bother ordering this product is does n't work . The design is flawed I threw it in the trash .
 These clips are TOTALLY worthless . They were tried in various positions on the belt and did NOT hold . If I were Amazon I would pull them off .
 is too flimsy to hold the seat belt in it . Gets even softer in the heat in the car . Wish I had n't wasted my money . do n't waste yours .
 There were no installation instructions . I do not know if this product will forfill my expectations if I can not figure out how to install . Please forward instructions .
 The design is beautiful but the size is not what was described or what I needed . it is advertised as 6 '' by 6 '' and it is not . when it arrived it is only 3 '' by 3 3/8 '' . This is not correct advertising and it caused me to buy a product that was not right for my intended use .
 I got this for my Toyota land cruiser this muffler makes it so much more noisier . It also does not look very good .
 Was not shipped with hardware for installation ... Amazon people had no idea what it was suppose to come with and no help what so ever other than to say we will give you 20 percent off ... if going to sell something include all hardware !!!!!
 The provided connector is too small for standard American auto cigarette lighter plugs . Therefore it does not make a sufficient reliable pressure contact to enable the intended use . It did not come in manufacturer wrapping but was instead wrapped in bubble wrap with tape and a twisty .
 This product did not work for me . It would n't stay in the charger in the car , kept coming out . This did not charge the car at all . I did n't feel like going out to send it back with the trouble of packing it back up and wasting my gas going to the post office .
 I tried this product on several occasions . It failed each time to start the car . A piece of junk . Having paid very little , I still did not get any value for my money .
 The seat fit the bike fine . Looked great . However it was a pain in my back side . The back rest created by the passenger seat dug into my kidneys . The seat dug into my butt . I felt two support bars that just tore me up . I am a big guy at 6 ' 2 '' and 290lbs . The seat moved my riding position about an inch forward . With the passenger seat on , I could n't sit fully in the solo seat without leaning forward . I tried all adjustments I could . I purchased all stock bracketing to mount it , pulled my bags off , no improvement . My wife loved the passenger seat , she could ride for hours with no problems . I could not . After about 30 minutes , it was almost unbearable . I put 300 + miles on the seat and then rode it to work a week later . 17 minute ride caused back problems all day . I sent the seat back and will look to an ultimate seat or some other brand later .
 Another disappointing item from Amazon . Sometimes I think they pay people to write good reviews.I bought this item based on the reviews and thought it would give me the support and height I need . I have a round hunk of useless foam inside a square shell . The foam is so `` loose '' that it smushes down to about a half inch thick . Totally useless . Not as expected . I wound up making my own cushion .
 Does not fit my Mercedes E320 . I dont know why it came up on the search for the door locks .
 We ordered this because from the picture it looked like a better quality cap than some of the others . What we received looked completely different and felt cheap . I do not expect this to last more than a few weeks .
 I do n't recommend this product . I recently broke the gas cap for my old Ford Explorer . I bought this thinking that a lock would be nice . You really have to fumble around with the lock to get the gas cap to turn , it 's a pain . There 's a perfect point to where you turn the lock , hold the key perfectly in place , and then turn the gas cap - if you are n't at the sweet spot , it wo n't work .
 This item looks great but absolutely does not fit . I wasted my money . The hole for the thermo . housingbolt does not line up . I tried to drill the hole bigger but it still was not in line . After a frustratingand back-breaking hour , I gave up . It 's not like I can return it now ! I wish the designers would have made thepart like o. e. m. . Do n't waste your money like I did . I have a 69 chevelle . 350/350 . I tried to add blingbut the thing does n't fit !!!!!
 The product description was not detailed enough so i inadvertently ordered the wrong product . Later , when i tried to email the seller to return the items for another one , i received no response .
 We bought this attachment for our lawn tractor . After the 3 hour installation complete with missing bolts , we attempted to plow our driveway in the first major snow storm of the year . Well , just like the review above ... we should have bought a snow blower ! The tractor is just not powerful enough to push all the snow . The tires , even with the wheel weights and snow chains kept on slipping & sliding . We ended up having a brick wall of packed snow at the end of our driveway , that we had to shovel anyway . We will be returning this and sticking to lawn mowing with our tractor ! Dissapointing !!
 I bought this snowplow because I had one like it many years back . That old one pushed a lot of snow ! I sold my old tractor and blade . I decided to get another one for my newer garden tractor . I read the reviews and noticed a few people said that their plows arrived short some parts . I bet against the odds and figured it would n't happen to me . Yep ! Sure enough , mine was short parts , too ! The parts bag was intact with no tears or openings . I was missing the blade return spring , a handle bolt & hitch pin , and a number of other hitch pins . I had to go to the hardware store and pick the parts up there . Right now , I have purchased about $ 15.00 worth of necessary parts ! How hard can it be to count out a small list of parts correctly ?
 I was very disappointed in this item . After looking at my local Lowe 's for this item -LRB- they did n't have it though they would gladly order me one for over $ 500 !!! -RRB- No thanks , I could get a two-stage snowblower for that . Anyway , my dozer blade arrived via Fedex 3 weeks after I ordered it . The day it arrived , we received 8 inches of snow . I was anxious to install and get busy clearing the driveway . The box arrived in decent shape . I opened the box and did a quick inventory of the parts before getting to work . I was very disappointed to find that most of the hardware was missing . I had to drive back to Lowe 's in the snow and spend about $ 11 buying hardware so I could install the blade . Then , I found out that the seller packed two right-side frame brackets . I needed a left-side bracket and a right-side bracket . I figured out a workaround . Later , I found another poor design issue that I could n't overcome with a workaround . I will be calling the manufacturer 's customer support line tomorrow because I was unable to use the blade tonight on my driveway . In hindsight , I should have bought a snow blower .
 It has been well over 30 days and nothing . Left message for seller , no response at all!Amazon is now handling problem and has contacted me w / an apology and notice of no charge to my credit card.Very bad business practice to not communicate to buyer .
 These did not work out as anticipated . Once the studs were installed I started installing the aluminum nuts . The threads seemed very rough . One position on each of the sbf valve covers lacked the necessary clearance to accept the aluminum nut . I traded them out for some chromed steel T-handles that worked much better .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 BEWARE : This company lists items that they do not have in stock ! I bought several parts from this company , and after billing my credit card , they shipped only half of my order , then refunded only a portion of what was suppose to be refunded to me ! I had to get Amazon and Paypal involved in the resolution . AVOID THIS BAD SELLER ! Avoid wasting your time resolving issues with them . Terrible follow up email from them as well ! They have the same problems over at E-Bay they are listed under several different names !
 We own a 2004 Toyota Camry . We had the original headlights -LRB- using DRL all the time -RRB- for seven years until one headlight finally burnt out after seven years . After hearing about these new bulbs , I decided to spend a few extra bucks for some brighter headlights -LRB- both regular and high beam -RRB- . This is my wife 's car , so her safety is my priority.After these headlights were installed , the difference was clear . Much brighter , and much whiter than the original headlamps , so I figured I had a good buy.However , after only 10 months , one of the regular headlamps burnt out . I fugured this was just a fluke , and rather than spending more money on these bulbs , I just went with Toyota 's replacement bulb . I 'm glad I did , because a month later , the other regular headlight burnt out!This is beyond a fluke ... . Do n't waste your money with these bulbs unless you do n't mind replacing them every year . They are very bright and perform as advertised , but they are just not very long-lasting ... By the way , zero stars was not an option ...
 I really do n't notice any big difference between the stock bulbs and the SilverStars . Yeah , they shine good but not what I expected . Not worth the money . I do give credit to Sylvania 's marketing dept. Even after reading all and I mean ALL reviews , I had to find out for myself . The hard way . Save your money . When these bulbs burn out , I will re-install the factory halogens .
 HI , i brought this set of lights to use for my 2009 Toy Corolla . The bulbs burned out in just 4 months , i cant believe this . The lights that came with the car burnt out after 3 years.I think these are BAD . .
 These lights were installed on a 2003 toyota corolla le.The corollas lights were poorly engineered in my opinion . So writing a review will automatically be tainted as the halogen bulbs can not be fairly evaluated . They provided white light as advertised but could not really tell a differenfe in road brightness improvement . I also think for what you get -LRB- 2bulbs -RRB- they are expensive . -LRB- 16 dollars per bulb -RRB- . Sorry , I was expecting an improved night time driving experience.I drive 51 miles to work beginning at 4:30 am . So my drive is all at night . Deer , roads that wind and people who think they drive in Nascar , are the primary reason I tried these bulbs . Visibility . I wasnt impressed with the bulbs at all and was severely disappointed that the passenger bulb blew after just 1 year . I wore nitrile gloves when installing the bulbs too.I wont be purchasing anymore of these bulbs .
 Very disappointed ; 1 of pair lasted 4 months , the 2nd 5 months . Based on Sylvania claims -LRB- and price -RRB- , I thought I was purchasing a superior product . If you read their package materials , Sylvania is very careful not to make any claims for the life of the bulbs ... they must know they have a short life.I spoke to local AutoZone ; they told me they have had alot of complaints about early failures with Sylvania Silverstars.I compared Silverstar with standard headlight side to side while driving since I changed burnt out bulb in store parking lot so I would n't get stopped for a dead headlight . The Silverstar is only slightly better ; not better enough to justify the expense of what could be continual replacement .
 Bought the silverstar headlights for the same reason as others . Paid $ 40 for a pair . One of them went out at 10 months . Luckily kept the packaging and receipt . The packaging states `` satisfaction guarantee for 12 months '' . I emailed Sylvania and they said they are willing to send me a new bulb . But they also stated that since the bulb burns brighter than most bulbs the product life is decreased.Will most likely not buy these types of bulbs again . Kind of ridiculous to pay $ 40 a year for headlights when cheaper -LRB- and just as good -RRB- ones last much longer .
 These bulbs are better than average in terms illumination , but wo n't last more than 6 months if you 're lucky . I kept giving Slyvania chances and have bought several iterations of their SilverStar bulbs , but they have all failed anywhere from 1-6 months after purchase .
 Was n't even brighter than my stock ones.Go for the Philips ultrabright bulbs , they actually have a white/blue tint and cost less than $ 25 !
 Used the product index to match bulbs with car . Did not fit !!!!!!!!!! . . now I am stuck paying return postage.Thanks Amazon for the bad service !
 Be carefull with ordering replacement auto bulbs . I followed the sites instructions for making sure the bulbs were right for my vehicle , got them , and then found they were the high beam bulbs not the low beam ones . Did n't see anyplace that asked me to specify which I needed . Now have to pay $ 7 plus to send them back . Sure the bulbs were fine , but the order process is flawed it seems . Will go to my local auto parts store from now on .
 First , it arrived with poor packaging with bubbles on the front side and nothing on back side but it arrived okay . I do not see any improvements using this `` Ultra High Performance '' ... no different than the original halogen lights which were still perfectly good . Disappointed .
 Well , I bought this just over a year ago ... . I did not install right away and when I did install I was very careful not to handle the bulb at all with my fingers . Still , after just about a year one headlight has gone out already . . I have not been able to find a warranty so I doubt there is one . Still I would really think a headlight would last longer than 1 year especially when a paid cost $ 60 ... I was happy with the nice bright white light but there is no way I am going to pay $ 60 again for headlight that is going to last a year ... Ofcourse I live in NewEngland -LRB- CT -RRB- and it is freezing cold outside and I really do not feel like replacing a headlight . . A waste of $ 60 ...
 I just received the package in open condition . Requested refund for this order . Never had this kind of experience from amazon before . Hope they put some check before packaging the order to avoid this from repeating again .
 Bought two -LRB- 2 -RRB- pack bulbs that were `` suppose '' the correct bulbs for my Dodge Journey and Ford Focus . Searched their data base several times and was directed to Sylvania 9005SU Silver Star Ultra High Performance Halogen Headlights . Each time it informed the reader that the 900rSU were the correct `` lights '' for the both autos . After receiving both sets , it turns out they are for the high beams , which your data base does not state and they are not the correct ones for the Ford Focus . Sylvania 9007SU were the correct ones . So after opening both packs and trying to install the second on my Ford , I 'm screwed with a set that is high beams for the Dodge , which I 've already installed . Had to go to an Auto supply store and spend another $ 49.95 for the correct set of head lights.Thanks for nothing . Word of mouth advertizing is always better than print , let 's see if it works in reverse.Major James Cooper
 I bought a set for my Honda Ridgeline . One failed within 4 months . I replaced it , and then the other one failed . I replaced that . Two months later , the first one failed again . Sylvania does state right on the package that silverStar bulbs do n't last as long as regular bulbs , but this is ridiculous . Even worse , having headlights you ca n't count on could leave you in a dangerous position . I went back to my Honda dealer and replaced the SilverStar bulbs with Honda original equipment . Zero problems since ...
 I BOUGHT THIS HEADLIGHTS IN FEB. 2009 IT IS NOW DEC 1ST 2009 AND THE BULBS ARE BURNED OUT !! -LRB- 9 MONTHS IS WAY TO EARLY FOR THESE HIGH - END LIGHTS TO GO BAD . -LRB- NO I DID NOT LEAVE MY LIGHTS ON -RRB-
 We purchased this item for one of our vehicles . Of the 2 lamps in the pack one failed only after 2 months of use . Tried contacting Sylvania directly . They have ignored all attempts for questions regarding warranty.We have also had trouble with another purchase from them that had a rebate . The response we received in the mail stated we did not qualify for the rebate since the purchase price was BELOW the minimum price to qualify for a rebate.Think twice before ordering . We have finding with the actions to date , they do not stand behind their product .
 DO NOT waste your money on these pricey bulbs . Mine lasted about 6 months . My original equipment bulbs were still working after 5 years but were not that bright so I decided , unwisely as it turned out , to replace with these brighter bulbs . On the back of the pack it says they do not last as much as 4 times as long . They were right . Save your money and buy the regular bulbs unless you have a lot of time to spend changing them every six months .
 I 've gone through three packs of Sylvania headlights . I 'm guessing they are getting all the great reviews because people have n't had them longer than a year , but I think once they get around a year of use , they 'll find they start burning out . Bright lights ... but I keep having to change them out . A total waste of money .
 Any time a tint is applied to the glass of a bulb reduces the light output . Simple as that . The blue spectrum of these bulbs gives the illusion of brighter light , but in fact it 's just whiter.What bulb manufacturers need to start doing is dispense with using wattage as a means of calculating light output . Watts is a measurement of work , nothing more.Lumens is the term of measuring the amount of light a particular source emits . There is a correlation between watts and output , but it is n't always linear.An 9004 bulb -LRB- for instance -RRB- without the tinting of the Silverstar wo n't produce as much usable light as a non-tinted bulb of equal wattage . The light produced by the Silverstar will APPEAR brighter , but again , it 's just brighter on the kelvin scale . A Silverstar will produce light in the area of 4,000 kelvin in whiteness , where a normal bulb -LRB- again , of equal wattage -RRB- will produce something in the area of 3,200 . However , the Silverstar may produce as much as 50 lumens less usable light.There are several websites that illustrate this clearly . Please research before purchasing these bulbs.The reason many of you experience longevity issues with this bulb is because Silverstars use a thinner filament in the capsule to obtain a `` brighter '' bulb . Get Osram Night Breakers or GE Nighthawks .
 Purchased these SilverStar Ultra headlights approx . 10 months ago , the first one died after 7 months , and tonight the other one died . They are nice and bright , just get your wallet ready again soon .
 These lights are no brighter than those that came in my Acura , and burn out much faster.Poor choice on my part .
 I THOUGHT I WAS ORDERING BULBS FOR LOW BEAM BUT I GOT BULBS FOR HIGH BEAM I HAD PACKAGE FOR 7 MONTHS BEFORE I OPEN PACK TO INSTALL AN THAT IS WHEN I SAID THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DO N'T BUY LOCAL ... MY FAULT
 Despite what the description claims , this IS NOT an OE replacement for my 2001 Bonneville . THIS PUMP IS NOT EVEN CLOSE in terms of electrical connections or intake configuration .
 Bought this after my car battery was dead one afternoon and I had to find a neighbor to give me a jump . It was a few months later before I needed it again , but the jump starter was fully charged . Unfortunately , the jump starter would not even roll the engine . After hooking up a trickle charger and allowing it to charge for an hour or so , then the jump starter helped . Every time I 've had to use this , I 've always had to hook the trickle charger up for a minimum of 30 minutes before I was able to jump start using this . Car is a 2007 4-cyl 2.4 L Dodge .
 it could not do it as it saying do . It could not jump up my Toyota Avalon car . The power was far less .
 Bought this to power a 12v blower motor on a large smoker grill . Charged it , worked perfectly the first and only time I 've used it . I charged it and put it away . About 40 days later I pulled it out to use it , dead . It 's been on the included charger for 3 days now , still dead . It 's so dead the included flashight is just a dim bulb for about 3 minutes , then it 's out . Would not recommend . It is small , it is portable , it is great looking , too bad it does n't hold any charge .
 Car battery was dead in airport garage . Clore did not have the strength . 2008 Acura MDX , car needed a new battery
 Unfortuanely this product is a complete waste . I have a 2010 Subaru Forester that dies regularly if the lights are left on ... I tried using this on a completely unresponsive car , -LRB- lights left on all night -RRB- no go . I tried this on a car that had only had the lights left on for 20 minutes . Still it did not offer enough juice to start my car . I tried it with both clamps on both post on the battery as a reviewer suggested that , and it did not work then either . I followed all directs for charging and even tips left by reviewers . I would recommend trying a different brand , from a local auto parts store where you may be able to return it if it does not work ... this one will have to go to the hazardous waste dump , I guess . Bummer !
 I have a Nissan Altima 4 cylinder ... It would not start the car ... The car starts with a jumpstart from another car and with the bigger battery pack used by AAA .
 This was the most horrible product I bought from amazon . First , the clamps are so thick that they wo n't fit on my car -LRB- 2003 BMW e46 -RRB- or my friends car -LRB- 99 Subaru -RRB- . Second I used another jumper cable to connect it to the car and it did n't have enough power to jump start the car . I used it as a charger to charge my battery to start the car . I am going to return it as soon as I can .
 Do n't buy this if you want something you can rely on . I bought this for my convertible Chrysler Sebring to pull me out of trouble when I leave the headlight or the receiver on -LRB- happens about once a month -RRB- . I received the unit and plugged it in for about 5 hours and I checked the indicator lights and they were all up , which means full charge according to the manual . I put it in the trunk and 3 days later I had a dead battery . It was n't a really cold day -LRB- about 50 -RRB- . I was thinking thank God I bought this unit . Well , guess what , it would n't start the car after many tries . After the first attempt , I made sure I left it for 6 to 10 minutes before I tried again but I never worked . I finally got lucky someone with a jumper cable helped me out with his truck.I 'm thinking maybe I got a wrong unit but I do n't because all the indicator lights were on before i tried and only the one was on after the last try . And even if it was a bad unit , I would n't take my chances if I were to do it again because since the indicators are unreliable , you wo n't know the unit is bad until you 're stuck with a car that wo n't start.Anyway , I would n't recommend this one for anyone looking for something reliable . I 'm still shopping around for a more reliable unit that I can carry around in the trunk . Any reliable and affordable suggestion is welcome .
 I bought this before an extended trip I was taking thinking that my car batteries might die when I return . I had it plugged in so it would be fully charged . When I tried to jump my car , that 's when I found the label that I had to connect it to my battery for at least 30 minutes to charge it . That was the first problem I ran into . How do I leave my hood up when it 's parked on a street . I managed to work around that . After 30 minutes of `` charging , '' there was still no power in the battery . I did see that the light on it get dimmer , a sign that power is going to the car . I decided to leave it charging a bit longer . After a couple hours , all I had was a car that would n't start , and a dead jump starter that did n't jump start . Oh , in case you are wondering , the car 's alarm was off , no lights were on , even dome light . The battery was 11 months old.This is NOT a jump starter . It will not charge your battery .
 I bought it to run 12 devices from the lighter socket , not to jump cars.I own a big blue Clore thing that works fine for that , but I wanted a smaller one to carry . The size of this is plenty to run the electronic devices I need to run.It turns out that the 12V socket is not deep enough to handle most 12V plugs . They pop right out since the socket is only about an inch deep , which is fine for the tiny light that comes with it.Every plug on every electronic 12V thing I have is much bigger , and the springs on the sides barely go into the socket , just enough to force the plug back out.Last time I buy something made by Clore . Junk .
 the clore cs1000 carstart ultar-portable will not start a car or pickup truck , it will only start lawn mowers and motorcycles not good for cars , trucks
 Do a little research on how many CCA cold cranking amps your Automobile needs to start it . This wo n't start a V 8 engine , as the new interstate battery I have in my car is a 665 cca , and it needs over 300 amps to turn the engine.I got a new Schumacher 6amp battery charger for what I paid for this and in 24 hours my battery was fully recharged . The light is almost a joke , but w/adapter it will power my Notebook PC .
 This unit is pretty weak . It barely starts a 4 cyl , let alone a 4 or 8 cyl vehicle . I bought this to have a small unit for roadside help for the occasional customer in need , and for a quickie parking lot jumper for customer 's with weak or dead batteries . It ca n't even turn over 1 out of 5 cars . Pretty worthless ...
 Works great as long as you do n't take what they say to heart . Charges fine but do n't just leave it on the battery for to long . I 've got the 6 and 12 volt chargers . They have both boiled batteries . Left on over last winter as told to do and ended up with 2 bad batteries in the spring . It boils the acid out of the battery . Works fine but just do n't leave it on like they say . I complained to the company and never got a response . Nice customer service .
 Had my battery tender plus for just over 2 years and it worked great for those 2 years maintaining the battery in an antique car . Recently I put it on the battery on my daily driver and the charge light did n't come on . Testing on several other batteries seems its lost its status lights and all its regulation and just puts out a constant 15 volts now cooking whatever battery I hook it up to . Their tech support was rude and unknowledgeable . Of course their warranty is a joke since it will cost 50 % of its value just to make use of their warranty . I considered buying another but with so many other choices now on the market I ca n't rationalize the battery tenders high price . I replaced it with a Vector for the same price which has twice the features .
 I purchased this unit 22 months ago and it did just fine charging a backup generator 's battery until about 2 weeks ago . I noticed both lights blinking and that half of the acid was gone in the battery ! I unplugged it and the unit literally started smoking . Yikes.I am disappointed that this unit failed in such a short time .
 I purchased the Battery Tender Plus 021-0128 on January 10 , 2010 . It indicated a failed condition some time in February or March of 2011 . The failed condition is that when the final charged condition is reached -LRB- when the green light stays on steady -RRB- the red light also stays on steady . It is supposed to go out.I called Deltran Customer Service and after me stating the improper light situation , a snippy answer was that I should send it back -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and if I had the original receipt and I had n't modified it or mistreated it they would replace it for $ 12.95 to cover their shipping and diagnosis . She said they did n't repair they only replaced the units.I bought this at a good premium price over several other brands based mostly on the glowing reviews posted here . Well , you better read some of the 1 star reviews !! Several people questioned if this charger was good for all types of batteries . Mine is a Gel type battery and there is a question about this unit and Gel Cells.All is not well in Battery Tender Land !! I am very disappointed and just do n't know if I should send the thing back for another or cut my losses and save myself the hassle . If I send it back I will have about another $ 23 more invested in this unit.I 'm probably going to get another Schumacher SEM-1562A 1.5 Amp Speed Charge Maintainer for $ 18.54 and save the hassle and $ 4.50 . The one I have works fine . Just take it off the battery once in a while.Just proceed to purchase with caution ! My 2 cents worth.NEW Comment :1 -30 -2012 . I did later send the Battery Tender back to the Florida address and the replacement unit is working so far . BUT I need another and I 'm going to buy the CTEK Multi US 3300 12-Volt Smart Battery Charger instead due to the hassel of Battery Tender 's 10 YEAR WARRANTY and the $ 23 total that it cost to pay them and shipping charges to obtain warranty service . CTEK may be just as bad but we will see.NEW Comment again . 1-31-2012 . Well , I did n't order the CTEK Charger after all . I have ordered a
 Worked nicely for about three months . Then just stopped . Lights come on and it hums a little , but no voltage at the leads . Warranty is worthless so it is now in the trash .
 I 've had a Battery Tender Plus for around 4 years now , three years of which it has been charging a jetski in the offseason in a covered shop . Last year , the ring harness corroded itself to death so I switched to the clamps instead . This year , the SAE harness on the unit corroded itself to a short or something -- both LEDs are on , which is n't explained in the manual . Looking the unit over , there 's no way to open it up to check things out without shearing off rivets first and the unit has no serial or part numbers -LRB- clearly an item designed to be thrown away if the Made in China sticker did n't drive that fact home -RRB- . Knowing that I paid a very high premium for this throwaway charger , I checked the web before throwing it away and saw the touted `` 10 year warranty ! '' . I contacted Deltran -- had to hunt around a bit because the Battery Tender site lacks a Support or Customer Service section -- only to be asked , do you have your receipt ? Sure , I have my receipt , along with my earwax ball and used toilet paper from 2008 , cross-indexed with the Dewey decimal system . So now I know why there 's no serial number on the case ; it ca n't be tracked for age once you lose the receipt . Oh , and if you do have the receipt , you get to pay $ 12.95 + shipping to get it to them before they 'll `` assess '' their failed product and mail you another throwaway charger.This charger was pretty novel 10 years or so ago when it first gained popularity but a voltage-sensing charger is old hat now . There is no reason to spend a premium on this item if the warranty is n't `` send it back and we 'll send you a new one fresh off the boat from China and thanks for buying our premium brand '' .
 I was initially less than impressed that it took over 4 days to recharge my boat battery , then after the second use -LRB- following all directions -RRB- the unit just up and quit working . I come to find out that Amazon will only give me a partial refund for this piece of crap and I have pay for shipping , again ! This is the third time I have purchased sub-standard , non-working items through Amazon , and I guarantee it will be the last . I will be taking my business elsewhere from now on .
 this is bad , It is too so long to charge , spend more than a day and ahalf to finish . Please do n't buy it waste $
 This charger will not keep the battery on our Mercedes charged . I would definitely resaearch other chargers before purchasing . Oh well .
 What is the point of a battery charger that does not charge a dead battery ? If the unit does not detect at least 3 volts , it will not start charging . I 'm a little dumbfounded . * edit 12-15-12 * Despite being annoying , it is not that difficult to overcome if you have a good battery and jumper cables . I connected the charger ends to my motorcycle battery then connected a pair of jumper cables to my truck battery . That was enough wattage to make the charger turn on . Once it turned on , I could remove the jumper cables , and it was fine after that .
 I have a 2000 Yamaha Road Star and was having starting problems because the battery was always low on current probably due to the built-in digital clock and the fact that I do not ride for long periods of time . I always had to pull out my battery charger at the most inopportune time . This product solved that problem . I had to install the quick disconnect cable to the battery terminals and then it was all downhill . The battery tender stays plugged into a 110 AC current and I just plug the bike in when I get back from a ride . The next time I use it , the battery is fully charged and my bike starts easily . I installed a separate on-off switch to the battery tender so that it was not drawing current when the bike is not attached . Great product !
 It may work - but it does n't function if the battery has dropped below 3 volts . there are no instructions on what to do if this happens . I ponder ...
 I can not rate this product because I have not received it . I received an e-mail on June 30 , saying I would get it in a couple of days . It is now July 11 and it still is n't here . Your web site is so confusing that I 'm unable to identify a phone number for customer service . Any suggestions ??? My address is djj6108@yahoo.com . Telephone # 773-493-5810 .
 I own several vehicles and motorcycles and I had one of the pre china battery tenders and it lasted for several years . it did so well I bought 3 more of the battery tender pluses at one time at Christmas 2010 . one worked for about 9 months and then would not go into the float mode . It killed the battery from overcharging . hooked up the next on a different battery and it worked about 2 weeks before doing the same thing -LRB- not going into float mode -RRB- . the 3rd one lasted less than a week ... . each has a 10 year warranty so I phoned deltran and spoke to their `` tech '' . he can not understand my problem ... . tried on different batteries . plugged into outlet first blah , blah , blah . I paid over a $ 100.00 for 3 of these chinese junk.I can send them back and they will check at my cost if nothing is found wrong I would be charged a service fee and return shipping . poor customer service , bad quality . for what these cost they should last .
 I purchased the Battery Tender for my motorcycle . I do n't ride in the winter and needed to save my battery . In the spring I tried to start bike and battery was dead . The Battery Tender had boiled all the water out the the battery . Freak Accident ? The next year I used Battery Tender again . I checked battery after a month and Battery Tender had started boiling water out of battery . I disconnected and donated it to Waste Management .
 This is the 4th Battery Tender I have purchased in the last 12 years . The warranty period is 10 years , but if the product fails earlier you must send it back the manufacturer for $ 8 postage and then pay a $ 13 shipping/handling fee , basically 1/2 of the price of a new one . I 've had to do this 3 times in the past -LRB- they fail after about 3-5 years -RRB- . I bought this unit since I knew it would take forever for them to replace my last defective unit . I wish someone else made a more dependable unit . One more thing
 I bought a Deltran Tender battery charger to maintain my battery to achieve a longer battery life.It resulted in the opposite.the charger caused the battery acid to boil out over night.I Notified Deltran , they assured me that every thing is OK with their charger.Refused to take the charger back or even analyze the problem.their attitude
 I got this to keep my stored batteries from dying for my classic vehicles . It worked great for about 2 months , then it stopped going into `` maintainer '' mode and fried all of my batteries.Some of these reviews say this was a great company before they started getting built in China , but for my 60 bux it was just a waste of money and batteries.I too donated it to Waste Management like another reviewer said .
 I bought it 8 months ago , used it 5 times and them stop working . After many emails with customer service I put it in the garbage . Why do I have to pay to send a product back that even did n't last a year , when the warrranty is 10 years .
 I purchased the Battery Tender Plus to keep my two jet ski batteries charged thru the winter . I alternated between them each week . The jet skis were kept in a covered boat house . The BT plus lasted about 5 months and one day I noticed no lights on the unit . I tried other outlets , but the unit was dead . The 10 year limited warrenty will cost me $ 19.95 -LRB- their evaluation , shipping and handling fee -RRB- for them to replace the unit , plus my cost to ship it back to them -LRB- probably at least $ 8.00 -RRB- . Very disappointing . Maybe the humidity killed it . You would think it was more robust . I guess if you use it in your living room it will last a long time , but I do n't store my jet skis there .
 if battery weak dont expect this device will renew it I try didnt work still I have to buy new battery
 Bought the battery tender for my Toyata truck which is parked most of the time . The tender had been plug-in to charge the truck over couple weeks and when time to use the truck the battery drain truck can not be started . It just click click . I though the battery tender suppose to keep the battery charged at all time .
 Although this charger might be good . I tried to charge a 12v battery and nothing happened . If thE battrery is too small in capacity or the charge is too low it wont charge.A little expensive for it not to work as ypu expected .
 The transformer burned up on mine . However it was on a car in the hot sun . It did last over a year and used it to keep a battery up on a car that set idle for two months .
 I monitored the charge of my car 's battery with a voltmeter and observed sustained over-voltage -LRB- 14.7 V -RRB- instead of maintaining a float charge . I thought I could detect this and just turn the AC off , but there was a rapid discharge -LRB- immediately dropping to 11.9 V -RRB- when I cut the AC supply . After disconnecting the charger , the voltage recovered to 12.25 V -LRB- 50 % charge -RRB- . Some of this may be due to the state of the battery , or the fact that I have a constant 2W load , but a different charger -LRB- Schumacher -RRB- is working fine under the same conditions.I am returning this product .
 Received a faulty battery charger , unable to rate the item . Totally disappointed after waited quite a while for the item to arrive . Item was made in china though .
 although this `` trickle charger '' is easy to handle and attach , it does n't automatically shut off as it was advertised to do . It gives a signal -LRB- blinking green light -RRB- that the battery is over-charged but does n't change to plain green indicating `` charged . '' Since I am a novice at this , I was very careful to order one that was advertised as doing things automatically .
 Bought this because of all the reviews , but it did not work for me . My Harley uses an AGM battery , and found out after the purchase that this charger can not charge an AGM battery . For a simple battery maintainer , this product is big and heavy . I expected more .
 first , it was very difficult -LRB- for me -RRB- to find a ground point that would let this product attempt to work.and when I did , it did not `` charge '' the battery ...
 I purchased a Deltran Battery Tender Plus less than one year ago at an auto show in Atlantic City , NJ - It worked fine for about 6 months or so . When checked I found that it was not charging -LRB- no lights lit in any manner -RRB- Called Deltran - Informed to mail in the charger -LRB- I could not find any receipt -RRB- -LRB- cost $ 11.73 to mail to their Florida address . -RRB- Just received a call after about three weeks that yes , the charger had failed and that I was to get a new one ... NOW THE CATCH - I had to pay an additional $ 17.95 for shipping to get the replacement ... So far I would have out of pocket $ 29.68 for a charger that failed within the first year of use . No more Deltrans for me ... Asked to have the bad one shipped back to me so at the next club meeting I could respond to the members of what had transpired and show them the faulty charger .
 I read reviews on line before buying the Battery Tender and saw a several where the product had failed . I bought anyway and am now sorry I did . The Battery tender worked for about 60 days and then stopped completely . I am returning back to Deltran but not happy about the $ 16 dollar process charge plus my shipping charges back . Come on it only worked 60 days . The 10 year warranty is not so good when the customer has to pay a high processing fee .
 I recently purchased a Deltran Battery Tender Plus -LRB- they are made in China -RRB- battery charger for a total cost of $ 63.30 . It has never worked correctly from the first day I got it . It charges great , but it never goes into the `` storage '' mode , or notifies you that the battery is at 80 % charged . It apparently just keeps charging the battery whether it needs it or not.I contacted Deltran 's `` technical '' department a few times about the problem , and told them that I suspected the charger was faulty , but they kept telling me it was the battery , or `` check this '' or `` check that '' or `` the weather was too cold '' -LRB- in Florida -RRB- , even though I had told them the battery was new . So , figuring they knew what they were talking about , I purchased another brand new battery at the cost of $ 79.92 . I left the `` new '' battery on this charger for a few days , and it was the same thing as the `` old '' battery . The charger never showed a full charge or went into storage mode.So now that the equipment that this battery is from has been out of service for a couple of weeks , -LRB- because Deltran recommended I remove the battery from the equipment since I was having a problem charging it -RRB- , and I could n't afford to fiddle around any longer , I bought a competitors battery charger for $ 46.45 , and as it turns out after connecting the new charger , within a matter of a few minutes both the `` old '' and the `` new '' batteries showed fully charged , and the new -LRB- competitors -RRB- charger went into `` storage '' mode with no problem.Now that I knew for sure that this Deltran Battery Tender Plus charger was not working properly , I reviewed the Battery Tender Plus `` LIMITED '' 10 year warranty , and found out they -LRB- Deltran -RRB- wants a $ 9.95 `` handling '' fee -LRB- if you have had the charger over 90 days -RRB- , and if you have the original sales receipt , if you want to send it in for repair.If you do n't have the original receipt , then it is a $ 15.95 `` handling '' fee no matter how long you have had it.Having wasted about 2 - weeks fiddling with 2 - different batteries and 2 - different chargers all because the Deltran Battery Tender Plus did not work correctly in the first place , I am not about to spend another $ 15.95 `` handling '' fee -LRB- because I do n't have the original receipt -RRB- plus shipping -LRB- maybe $ 10.00 -RRB- to return it to Deltran for exchange/repair , and then wait another week or two to get the charger back and have to hope that it now works correctly.Deltran also told me that since I did not buy the Battery Tender Plus in question directly from them , I would need to send it back to where I originally purchased it . Not having the original receipt -LRB- because I bought it someplace online and do n't remember where -RRB- , I asked Deltran what 's the difference where I purchased it since they -LRB- Deltran -RRB- are the manufacturer and supply the warranty as well , and I was told that `` it is the same as trying to return a Chevrolet to a Ford dealership '' . That I do n't understand , because if a person has a problem with a Chevrolet , they can take it to any Chevy dealer in the country and have it fixed -LRB- and maybe any GM dealer -RRB- . They also said in so many words that I should have known sooner that the charger was defective , which must mean that their `` technical '' department is not fully competent to be advising anyone , and that I should have not paid any attention to their suggested remedies in the first place.Because of the investment of time and money I now have in this Battery Tender Plus , and the poor `` technical '' support I received from Deltran , I would never buy another one and would not recommend it to anyone else . Their 10 year `` LIMITED '' warranty is also a joke . Battery Tender PlusSucks ! It should be called Battery Tender Negative ! .
 I am just now throwing away my second `` Battery Tender Plus `` The 110 input and 12 volt ouptut leads are insulated with a cheap plastic that breaks away from the copper wire where it joins the body of the charger , disabling the charger . If you live in a climate that gets cooler than 40 degrees fahrenheit , you will be disappointed at how this charger fails when you need it most .
 My charger stopped working after 4 1/2 months and a few hours of usage . Deltran requires shipping it direct to them , OK $ 10 I understand that . But you have to include $ 12.95 for them to inspect and return the unit . $ 23 and they may not replace it ?!! I threw mine in the garbage and went to Wal Mart and bought what I should have got in the first place . The unit that also is a auto shut off trickle charger for $ 22 verses $ 46 I paid for the Battery Tender . And I know they will take it back if I have a problem without the hoops . I feel like it is so hard to get quality in the retail market , it wears me out !! Incidentally I 've worked with thousands -LRB- probably 10 's of thousands -RRB- of batteries over 30 years in my industry , these things are no better than the competition . Without a voltage output adjustment you need a different charger for every type battery . So buy one for AGM , another for GEL , another for wet cell `` lead acid '' , I doubt you 'd have a Nickel Cadmium , Nickel Iron , or NiMH for 12volt but they all have different optimum voltages per cell , these charges are set up for only one and mine was to high for the gel it was supposed to be for!Check with your manufacturer and find out what the full charge voltage for your battery is and take the battery off the charger after charging for awhile , -LRB- gets no better than this with these -RRB- and either let it sit overnight or load it with a 12v light bulb for 2 minutes to remove what is called gas voltage . Take a reading with a good digital meter , if it is at the full charge voltage , store it in a dry cool place when not being used if you want to get the most life out of it . Check it from time to time if it drops 20 % recharge.Deltran seems to suggest some kind of special maintenance , they at best might help one type of battery . Mine was overcharging and my expensive Harley battery is still sitting at 12.9 volts days later after running to through their cycle , full charge according to Harley is 12.7 . This dries out the GEL and shortens the life of the battery . We had thousands of GEL cells go bad very early in industry because of this very same scenario in the early days . We had programable chargers and programmed per cell voltage to .01 of a volt and still had problems.People who recommend this thing are buying into the hype !!!
 I had high hopes for this product after reading other reviews . My own experience was very disappointing . The first one I ordered from Amazon failed . I sent it back to the manufacturer at a cost of $ 10 . The replacement unit failed . I returned it to the manufacturer at a cost of $ 10 . The second replacement has now failed . I am going to throw it in the trash and will never buy another one of these . It was a very expensive and painful mistake .
 The good
 not what i was expecting . installed into car as lighting for feet . turns out this has got to be the weakest lights ive ever seen.it cant illuminate anything farther than three inches from it
 Put new batteries in and it worked for 1 minute and stopped . We could not get it to work again . Unfortunately we waited a month to open the package and missed the return window . In the garbage it goes . A HUGE WASTE OF MONEY . It is almost criminal Camco can get away with selling such cheap stuff that does n't work . They should be ashamed .
 Batteries will not keep unit turning . No bearings on fan ... must be just plastic shaft to plastic cut out hole.Will try to return . Do not waste your money on this .
 Do n't waste your money on this RV refrigerator accessory . Had one and gave it to a friend to use . Instead , I purchased a 12 volt semi-permanent fan which clips onto the fins at the rear of the frig . Hooks up to the 12V line available at the refer light and when clipped to the fins , the fins act as a ground . It is the best device to keep your refer really cold and only cost around $ 14 , not that mush more than this useless unit and definitely a lot more when you factor in all the batteries you will buy . It is available from an EBAY site . Check EBAY if you are interested , but do n't waste your money on this one and all the batteries you will devour .
 I had this unit for about 2 months . Works fairly well . The tabs on the bottom of the unit broke after a month . I used tape for awhile and then gave up on it . Try the
 No on/off switch so it is always running as soon as you put the batteries in and the battery compartment cover is rather cheap and it not the easiest thing to remove without breaking it.I bought this in an attempt to make my RV fridge work better . This helped a bit but the whole fridge was defective and replaced . I am now using it in the new fridge but the problem is finding an unobstructed place to allow the air to flow . An RV fridge is already small so this takes up room too . I might use some velcro to mount it to the top .
 The one I received has a surprisingly loud motor noise , almost like something is flailing about internally.I 'll let it run a while to see if it quietens down . Since it is glued together I ca n't open it up to see if I can quieten it.Not a good substitute for the other style I 've had for 20 + years , the blue cube shaped one .
 It works , but when I installed this injector , even when the ad said it was for the Isuzu Hombre 97 , I noticed the motor sound and performance changed .
 First off it said 10 pieces you are ordering an item with ten pieces thats what it said all over the screen . So I purchased the items , two ten packs . The order came with just two lug nuts . When I called to have the order fixed , the customer service rep. said no problem . The next order came soon after with only two lug nuts again what the heck . So I called again and Amazon credited my card back for the money . Then they fixed the product discription well some one tried . Amazon you are now selling just one lug nut that wieghs 1.1 pound wow for over $ 5.00 what the heck are you thinking they are not even crome . I checked on other websites the nuts do come in 10 packs I do n't understand why they are now coming in packs of one . Buyer beware !!!!
 First , the unit that I received did n't look anything like the one depicted in the picture.Second , this unit does not work below -4 degrees Fahrenheit - which is not what the product image indicates -LRB- i.e. , -58 to +158 degrees Fahrenheit -RRB- . In other words , you can not set the Low Temp alarm below -4 degrees Fahrenheit.If this information was clearly satated in the description of the product - I would n't have ordered this unit . By all means - very misleading .
 Very difficult to set , there is no sound or tactile feedback from the buttons so you never know if a push on a button is ` good ' . After much stabbing of buttons I was able to set a range . Then I tested to see what the alarm was like . Huh ! Sounded like a digital watch . No way can you hear this from another room in the house . Worse , the alarm only chirps a couple of times and then stops ! So essentially you must be right beside the fridge at the time the temperature crosses the setpoint , or you are not assured of hearing the alarm . You would be as well off with a simple thermometer . What a joke .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 If you really need small ice cube trays these will be fine . I bought 4 -LRB- 2 sets -RRB- and found that they really did n't stack well when there were 4 of them . The design of the little tab that lets them stack is pretty poor -- if the tray is curved slightly then the tray wo n't stack right and the cubes below will be touching the plastic above and the whole stack will be lopsided . 2 of the trays I bought were curved so much that they would n't stack properly at all -LRB- even when full -RRB- . The seller offered to replace them if I returned them , but for $ 3 what 's the point of spending $ 5 to get new ones ? I think I 'll buy some bar supply trays instead . On the plus side , the cubes pop out really nicely .
 useless . They warp . I suggest getting stainless steel or something harder than this . They warp and the water ends up spilling .
 they said this will fit 2.3 liter engine honda accord ex sedan . as you can see the picture description this has 5 lug pattern . My honda has 4 lug pattern . so it wo n't fit in my accord . very disatisfied , and upset for wasting my time !!!!
 Bought this for a neighbors truck . I would not ordinarily purchase this brand , however it was all they offered at the time shipped in the timeframe we were looking at . To keep this short , warped in no time . 2 days tops . Removed and used another better know brand , no issues in the 2 months since . You know what they say about getting what you pay for ? In this case , it applies . The primary issue with this drum is that it is too thin . OEM and other makes are far thicker and heavier .
 I got these drums based on a recommendation . When I installed them and took a test drive , i found the drums were not concentric to the bolt holes and the pad surface was causing the car to surge when i applied the breaks . I may have got a bunk set , but my first experience from these guys was not good so I wont be buying from them again .
 These knobs are for models prior to 1996 . I have 2005 awning and they will not work . Make sure you check when your awning was made before ordering .
 Thought these things would be helpful and to some extent they are . But , we are an older couple and the de-flappers need a lot of strength to hold tight otherwise they loose control in the wind . Hard to put on too .
 While I would like to have been able to review this air filter for my motorcycle , I have a 2001 YZF600R . This part is not compatible with my bike . They advertise that it is for all models , but it is made for the models before they introduced the ram air intake system . If they had the proper picture of the filter , or were honest , and advertised this properly , I would never have bought the wrong air filter.I ended up having to return this product , and pay $ 6.21 return postage . . That is 1/4 of the cost of the product itself . . I contacted the company , and they replied that they would not refund my return shipping costs.BUYER BEWARE ! This part is ONLY for 95-96 model years . If you have a 97 + model YZF600R , this filter will NOT WORK !
 For the price the cuality of this product is not that great Ithink this product is expensive the materials in it they look very cheap .
 I ordered new mirrors for my Chevy Suburban , but after weeks of waiting for the mirrors , I complained to Amazon/Paypal , and they promptly cancelled the deal . After contacting the seller , he claimed to have tried to get in touch with me on the phone . When contacting the seller on their phone number , it was only an answering machine.Despite several requests through email , the seller did not get back to me with information about having shipped , or plans to ship.Based on the above , you should avoid this seller , and rather look for someone who actually will communicate with you , and not at least send you what you paid for .
 The add pictures the clamp and the strap . It says 2 piece . The clamp would be one piece and the strap would be the other piece . So , I ordered two . Actually , this write-up does n't include the word that is on the front of the box -LRB- i.e. , replacement -RRB- . So each pack contains to replacement straps and no clamps . I now have 4 replacement clamps and no straps . As is they are useless to me .
 I just opened mine to find that it is ONLY two straps ... no clamps . guess I should have studied it closer in the ad ... oh well
 The product seemed fine , but it did not actually fit my RV . I have 2013 Airstream , and it may not fit any Airstream -LRB- my guess is that it would not -RRB- . If you do not have a track in your awning , this will not fit . I know many RV 's do , but you will probably need to get clip on `` S '' hooks if you want to hang things from an Airstream like awning system .
 Neat idea , but bad implementation . These have two parts - a rubber slide piece that goes in your awning channel and can stay in place while the awning is retracted . The second part is a flexible plastic piece with a single metal S hook on one end to hold the light string . Because the S hook is metal , you really want to remove these when retracting the awning to prevent damage . Here in lies the problem . To connect the two pieces , you really have to push the non-S end through the rubber piece in the awning channel . This is difficult to accomplish when you have both pieces in your hand and nearly impossible while standing on a ladder when the rubber piece is in the awning channel . We 'll probably buy some larger S hooks and use the rubber channel pieces without the other plastic part . We can then easily remove the S hooks . I suppose if you do n't mind rolling your awning up with metal S hooks in it , you could leave the two pieces assembled and just remove the light string to retract your awning . Then they 'd work just fine . We do n't want to take the chance of a piece of metal puncturing a new awning though .
 Cant say much for functionality of these hangers . Tried to install them for over an hour and finally just gave up . Although they may work on other RV awnings , they did n't on mine . I did end up using the rubber string part to just tie the party lights to the awning and it works to some extent .
 I bought this item thinking it was the one my neighbor was using . It was not ! Although it is advertised as fitting a 10 ' hose , I could not even get it to stretch to 6 ' . The aluminum bends when you try to extend it from fully closed . The clips for the tie downs are difficult to attach to the frame and it is difficult to get the tie downs onto the clips . Go for the much less expensive , plastic accordion-style and get more for your money .
 dont trust me trust popular mechanics :[ ... -RSB- oh and you are welcome.PS the otherguy is only getting better fuel mileage because of his cold air intake . you want better gas milage get one of those .
 this product does not do anything ive had one on my old escort zx2 and it does nothing other than put more resistance on the airflow for your intake ... TOOOO expensive for a little piece of stainless steel bent into what looks like a potato cutter .
 Very disappointed with this product . The pump worked fine but not all parts were included in the kit as pictured in the ad . The faucet fitting was not included .
 Very poor quality . Pump did not work , put together badly and leaked . Ended up in garbage can .
 Very cheaply made , I would have been better served by paying more for a better model . The plastic is very fragile for the handle .
 Pretty simple in concept , right ? But when you put this thing to use , it leaks , has a difficult time getting a draw , and then just kinda falls apart . The tubing is stiff and cheap , too . Note that we have no water filter system in our RV , so that was not an issue . Bottom line , stay away from this Chinese junk and the other brands that use the same item just in a different color . I ended up buying a small 12VDC pump which worked fine . A RV friend of ours bought a small pump that attaches to his power screwdriver , a pretty neat solution -LRB- literally -RRB- . Camco makes some unique stuff for RVs , but wow , the quality variation between products is stunning .
 Bought based on other reviews . Very disappointed . Used once and it worked fine . Went to use it a second time and it does n't spin . Wrote to Camco and never got a response.Wouldn ' t recommend .
 I got this thing hoping it would make the gages on the black tank work better and it did that but the shut off valve is lousy and it sprayed about as much water around the bathroom as it did in the tank . The hose hook up and valve are very poor . If you buy one test it outside in a bucket before you bring it in the house and spray all the walls with water . If I had bought this at Walmart I would take it back .
 For all of you auto enthusiasts , make sure that you are aware that JDM Ultimate is an unreliable merchant . I have placed an order for Skunk2 Rear Camber Kits on two different occaisions in the last month . In both cases , the items were shown to be In Stock . In both cases , the orders were summarily cancelled after several days by JDM Ultimate . In one case , the cancellation was made without notification . If you need high quality parts and expect rapid order fulfillment and good customer service , JDM Ultimate is NOT the company with which to do business . Based on my experinces , I suggest that you do business with another vendor .
 While reading the directions I also , as a few reviewer stated , put them aside and looked at photo on box to assemble . When I got to the part where part A goes in the loop , the stitching came apart with very little force to get the loop over the end of part A . Other loop was OK . I returned the product and asked for a refund . It appeared to me that it would not hold up in the back of the Subaru wagon with dogs , even if closed up . Will look for something that will hold up .
 After asembly it continues to fall apart , is not build to last , is not practical at all , you dont even get what you paid for , is a cheaply made .
 The directions were ridiculously convoluted . The only real way to figure it out is to look at the picture on the box.Secondly and most importantly , figure out how you will be using it and then then glue it together or you 'll be putting it back together every time you use it .
 This item is a cheap piece of junk.Also , I get the impression that a team of people that do not speak English were assigned the task of putting together the instruction manual . It is impossible to comprehend.I threw this thing in the trash .
 I used this cargo organizer in the back of a Yukon that I have sold . I attempted to use it for about 6 monts before removing it . The gear I stored -LRB- boots , tool belt , mountain bike cleats , rope , chains -RRB- in the bins may have been the cause of the unit disassembling in the back of my vehicle , but I would probably not purchases this product again if given the option . If you ownly intend to use this for shopping or groceries , then you may find some use , otherwise steer clear.I eventually opted for the Rola 59001 M.O.V.E. Rigid-Base Interior Organizer -LRB- 38 &#34; x 15 &#34; -RRB- which was a much better product!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E81VN8/ref=oh_details_o02_s01_i00
 It was annoying to put together , and has since fallen apart several times in my car . If you put a few bags of cotton balls in it , maybe it would be useful . But if you put anything of any substantial weight in it do n't expect it to stay assembled .
 I really wanted to like this item but it turned out to be very disappointing . Not sturdy at all and kept coming apart at the ends . As others have said , the assembly directions were not helpful at all . You kind of had to figure it out on your own . I think adding another bar would help to stabilize it and would greatly improve the durability . Although the netting is not great , I think it would still work with the improved stability . I had to return the item for a refund which Amazon processed without any problem .
 Confusing instructions & Flimsy is used a lot in these reviews ... Had no issues with instructions just the item : -RRB- It is inexpensive for a reason .
 So I bought these cheap chaps because , well , they were cheap . First off , they zip from the top down , which is weird , so if you do your gym time , there 's no way to change the size of the top of the thigh . Second , the only time I actually got on my bike with them , instead of parading around the house irritating my wife , the zipper on the right leg broke . Zipped up by itself while riding , then pulled apart at the zipper end . 50 degrees and raining , hence the chaps , does not make for a pleasant ride with the chaps you used to be excited about flapping off your leg and bike paint . I 'm irritated with myself , I threw a little hissy fit when I got home , now there 's not much left to send back . The leather is really thick , but it is absolutely no use when you ca n't fasten the chaps around your leg to enjoy the protection . I had a similar experience with the Jafrum jacket I bought . I should know better than to buy bargain stuff . If they advertised the product was made in Pakistan , I would n't have bought it anyway . This was a fifty dollar lesson . Do n't make the same mistake I did . There 's a reason these were fifty bucks . No more Jafrum stuff for me . Ever . 2 stars for the thickness of the leather , and that 's being generous .
 Good quality and construction but the sizing is incorrect . You have to have chicken legs for these to fit . After not paying attention to the size chart on the mfg web site I ordered the wrong size . Normally you should order one size larger than your normal clothes , after all this is another layer you are putting on . The company is very easy to work with on size exchanges and offers a fast turn around . But even after exchanging for a pair 4 sizes larger than my normal clothes size they still do not fit . I like my normal clothes to fit loose so a couple sizes larger should be hanging off me but in order to get into these chaps i 'm going to need some butter and forget about sitting down or bending my knees ... then again if i ca n't get on my bike , i do n't have to worry about protection .
 For whatever reason this sensor caused my ignition/injector timing to get so seriously screwed up the car had no power upon acceleration whatsoever . Once i pulled it out and replaced it with an AC Delco all was good .
 As promised this product arrived quickly , It was described as fitting a Chevy Silverado , and advertised as fitting the same year GMC Sierra , which is why I bought it . I was unable to use it and when I tried to contact the company they were not helpful in getting me the proper product . Disapponted in this retailer .
 Very good seller , very poor quality part.First shipment was wrong part , and seller immediately responded via e-mail , shipped new part w / in a few days . Very good customer service.Problem is , part -- specifically the motor -- is just very low quality . Motor gets extremely hot after a just a few cycles , and is almost as slow as the original OEM regulator , which was dying . Motor gets hot just cycling a few cycles w/out being attached to the glass . This is not a problem w / glass or track , nothing is binding , motor is just undersized or underpowered compared to the OEMs on the truck.I do n't know if OEM replacement from Chevy is any better , but I 'm going to have to find out .
 item was shipped and delivered on time , but item has only lasted a month now I have to replace it due to cables fraying and jamming window when rolling down .
 It looked nice when I removed it from the box . A few problems ... first , the lateral straps worked fine and had ample length to secure the cover . The strap that was supposed to stretch from front to back was too short by about 18 inches . Next , this `` trailerable '' cover did not survive the first trip at highway speeds . When I arrived on the other side , I found my brand new cover in tatters from the wind . I would not recommend this cover .
 UPDATED
 Never installed one of these before but for the price , I gave it a shot before spending $ 60 Bucks at LMC . Also I did not see any other choices out their . The problems I ran into was the wires were to short , by the time you lace them threw the bottom plate the unit will not bolt up and sit flush , let alone make the 90 deg bend to run down the column . Then the outer top contact whiskers are too long , had to cut them off by 1/8 '' each . Then the retains clip is paper thin , this indicator lever stud clip became a nightmare , I ended up drilling / tapping out the stud to metric .05 and used a threaded set screw , which is commonly found in many junk electronics . All 4 whiskers required bending to make contact and the lug rivets did hold up but I was holding my breath . When the dust settled , it did work but took two days . There are large alligators in the swamp and this is one of them .
 I hear this is a great filter but the wrong one was sent to me the style caculator is way off . Do n't trust it go to the auto store and get your part number the old school way . BAD NEWS !
 The thermostat has no any marking on a body like a Part # , manufacturer logo or a temperature to open set point . No rubber ring . Also is no jiggle valve as is in OEM thermostat -LRB- I think is important for the Montero -RRB- . The part # is only on the Gates non-sealed cardboard package . You can only guess if it 's real part from `` Gates '' or some swapped cheap staff in a `` Gates '' package . Dissapointed with thermostat purchase , do n't know if that part is real from Gates stock .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Recieved this item and when I went to replace my OE fuel pump I found that this replacement is not an `` exact '' replacement . The output tube does not have the correct ridges that prevent the tube from being blown off by the 50psi . I had to return this product .
 THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO WORK THIS LOCK IS NOT SECURE DOES NOT HAVE KEY IT COULD COME OFF AND ONLY CAN BE USED WHEN YOU ARE NOT LEAVING YOUR CAR FOR A LONG PERIOD ALONE SINCE ANYUNE COULD TAKE IT OFF AND AWAY WITH YOUR BIKE RACK OR WHAT EVER YOU ARE CARRYING
 Master lock product that does n't lock ! What the % $ # @ ! The picture is deceptive . But otherwise it does work . Do n't buy this .
 they say it fits 1992 gmc c1500 . but it dont . make shure it is the right mirror for your truck before you buy .
 This does n't fit my GMC K1500 . The shape is wrong . My mirrors are rounded on the inboard side and straight on the outboard . This fits at the outboard end but then is too wide and short . It wo n't go in to the inside of the mirror frame.Too bad there is n't a zero star rating .
 Looks like a fairly exact copy of the part it is to replace , but it is not made well enough to work properly . The contact wires are the wrong length , bent in the incorrect direction and held together with thinnest , wimpiest crimp/rivets ever . Instructions indicate to cut and bend the spring wire contacts with pliers . Really ? Plastic body just a fraction of a mm smaller than OEM , will not properly engage the catch . I contacted Dormans customer service , they said deal with amazon for returns-Not HELPful ... Basically
 As the old saying goes `` Jack of all trades - Master of none '' . This manual tries to cover five different GM models and as a result does none of them well . While attempting to diagnose a fuel feed problem in my 1994 Grand Am I found several errors in the documentation . The manual will cover one type of system in a particular year group and gives you the infamous ... other models similar . So , while it 's better than stumbling around in the dark I ca n't recommend spending $ 22 for it .
 The picture for this item is incorrect . The switch is not included . I have had 2 shipped to me and both are less the switch .
 Yep , All you get is wiring and dash bracket with this price , I think the price should be with switch .
 Beware of limitations on the model years of vehicles this product can be used on . No where in the online sales pitch does it say for use on domestic or import vehicles for the years 1980 to 1998 . However , it does say that on the package . Very disappointing . Most cars today are newer than those years and I expected the tester to cover at least to the 2005 models .
 I ordered this product from Jafrum on 3/21/07 , -LRB- it is now 5/9/07 -RRB- and still have not received it despite several emails to their company . I am very disappointed with their service .
 They are not custom . They do n't have the custome fit holes like the factory ones have . Do n't waste the money . You can the same ones at Walmart for 39.99
 One of the two brake drums I ordered was okay , but the other one was highly contaminated with metal shavings from manufacturing , requiring significant extra work to clean . Apparently quality control is lacking . Both measured to specs . & work fine .
 Slipped right off the filter . I 'm sure I needed the 65 mm , the 67 is what i got.Next time , to the dealer . Too much of a pain to change these things with the skid plate and all .
 Although this is an effective degreaser , it leaves a bad film on everything that it touches . I used it on my road bike and I had to spend a full afternoon scrubbing my bike , especially the braking surfaces . Leave it on your engine blocks , but nothing that needs to be shining when you are done .
 The item shipped is not the item pictured and it does not fit a 1998 Hyundai Sonata 2.0 L. I returned the item and had another sent , and it did not fit either . Amazon was great and gave me a full refund , but be cautious when purchasing this item .
 Does not fit 2011 Pathfinder and also many other Pathfinder years . AMAZON IS IN ERROR as to compatibility even after you select the year make and model and style . Do n't wast your time and money .
 Ordered one of these units . Worked ok for a very short period of time . Sent back for a replacement , 2nd unit not working right out of the box .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I have used this product before and it is a very good product.So why the 1-star rating ? This item ships with the sprayer already installed . Spray heads are NOT leak proof and should not be allowed to remain on its side or upside down . There is no way to insure that a package containing a liquid will remain upright during shipment.This item was placed inside a plastic bag which was not leak proof . The item and bag were then placed in a box with my other items and shipped to me . Two ounces of this product leaked out and onto my other items in the box.The proper way to package this item for shipment is to remove the spray head and replace it with a seal and a screw-on cap . The sealed bottle and the spray head can then be shipped with minimal risk of leakage . See the pictures I posted under the item picture.Will I continue to use this item ? Yes , but I will purchase it locally .
 I bought this product for my 1992 Honda Civic , because not only did it say `` this product fits your car '' when I put the make and model in at the top of the screen , it was also in the list of cars it fits . It has the same factory air box as many Civics . The filter is about an inch too wide to fit into the box . I had to cut the filter and reattach the side with silicon . Was not very happy . Look elsewhere for a K&N for your Civic , and beware of Amazon 's part finder .
 Although it was listed as compatible with 2003 Acura TL Type S , the item is not compatible with the said application . I am rating it 1-star to attract attention to the compatability issue ; otherwise , the item looks like a fine filter .
 These anti-pullover pump discharge nozzles have cork gaskets . However Holley part # 1008-844 pak of 10 gaskets are not cork according to Holley . They are black composite gaskets with alum . sandwiched in between .
 product was guaranteed to fit and it did not , vender offered to accept it if it was returned with postage paid by me .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 When I ordered this item , the photo shows there are two wipers . In fact , the package only includes one . There is no any quantity showing in their description!Very misleading . I believe it is actually cheating !
 I was expecting a full size spot light . This item is small and really not that bright . I will have to find another light to meet my needs . Nice light to have around the house though .
 I guess you get what you pay for . Item was on sale at a decent price so I thought , what the heck , give it a shot . The first one I received would not work and the glass lense rattled . Amazon sent a replacement -LRB- 5 stars for Amazon -RRB- . The second one works as advertised - EXCEPT - my old , well used 1 million candle power light is significantly brighter than this Cheap Hokey Indisputably Not American product - and - the glass lense rattles .
 these are junk and federal signal knows they are and they do n't care . do n't buy they are junk.Brand new out of the box and they are junk . The mirror will not stay attached to the shaft . There solution is to glue them , that was there answer .
 I ordered this filter for my Ford F150 and i confirmed it was for my truck and now it doesnt fit . I dont know why this happened but now I dont even know for what car or truck this filter is , I am very discontent and I would advice any other buyers not to buy from this source . They have such bad service that you cant even contact the seller . If anyone knows for what vehicle this filter is , please let me know
 I purchased 4 Oxygen sensors for the upper left & right , and lower left and lower right for my 2001 pathfinder a few weeks ago . The sensors for the upper left and right were delivered before the other 2 which arrived about a week later . I did not get a chance to have these replaced by the mechanic until a few days ago only to find out that the connectors for the lower left and lower right were totally different from the original ones . This I find kind of disheartening as the products states that these were ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT replacement . That is the reason for buying them in the first place and not the UNIVERSAL ones - ended up costing me and extra $ 50.00 to have the mechanic modify them . DISAPPOINTED .
 Purchased this idler pulley for my 2000 Nissan Sentra GXE 1.8 l. Pully looked far different than the factory metal pully . This pully is smaller in diameter than stock . The pully does not seat at the correct distance from the engine block . Installed new belts with this pully installed with the factory pully hardware . Tensioned the belts at with the two manual tensioners -LRB- one for each belt -RRB- and confirmed tension and belt seat after locking the tensioners . Ran engine for 3-5 minutes -LRB- no load -RRB- inspected and then retensioned belts to correct tension . Took vehicle for short drive and then let it sit over night . The next day I start the vehicle up and I begin hearing sounds similar to those a forgotten tool would make if it fell into the belts . The belt that uses this tensioner pully had lost the outmost v-rib . Converting the 6 v-ribbed belt into a 5 v-ribbed belt . The torn v-rib had frayed from the belt at various locations . The loose frayed belt had been whipping everything around it , including the belt that goes over it , and also was lodged into the idler pully bearing itself . Long story short , I do not believe this pully is at all worth the trouble and problems , purchase a pully that comes with all the tensioner hardware and save yourself the lost time and money of using this product .
 Dayco says that this Idler Pulley will work with yours and my vehicle . In fact , it almost works in many , many , and many more vehicles . In order to make it work with mine ; I had to get a few extra parts . It came as just a pulley with a huge hole - note that the picture is of a similar item - not the item that I got - although the part number on the box is what I ordered and what Dayco says is the part for my car . So with my car apart , I had to get into my other car and spend too much time and money on a grade 8 bolt , a bushing to convert this 17mm hole to fit a 7/16 '' bolt and a washer to space it correctly !
 This filter now sits on the shelf in my shop . I have a 2001 Tacoma Prerunner . This filter did nothing for performance nor MPG . May work okay for others , total waste of money for me .
 The foam in this cushion is not dense enough to be used as a seat cushion . It flattens completely . It may work for a child in a high chair .
 Too Thick , too Firm , uncomfortable , & not even worth giving to my senior dog . Gave it to a neighbor as a Booster Seat , which is all this Cushion is good for , & NOT Worth the Expense .
 I 'm not sure what the other guy seems to think he got actual horsepower or even better mpg . Well I did n't , my application was a 2006 Toyota Tacoma double cab , 4.0 V6.I waited to do this review when i calculated my gas mileage , improved by nothing actually . I still get 330 miles to a tank , which equals to about 18.0 mpg mixed citydriving . I will also tell you that I noticed absolutely no horsepower gain . So you might ask what 's the point of this intake ? I could n't really tell you actually?The fit and quality of the material is excellent , as it 's American built . But if your looking for extra mileage , or horsepower the only way your going to achieve thatwith this kit is if you imagine it .
 I have these installed in place of my parking lights in 2007 Infiniti G35x . They are mostly white , but when compared to the stock HIDs -LRB- which have a hint of yellow -RRB- look blue . They lasted much longer than POS LED I bought at Ijmtoy but already on my 3rd set -LRB- last about 8 months -RRB- . `` Lifetime warranty '' - do n't believe it ; sent these back to the vendor and never heard back . Still , for the price they are OK , installing them is what I really do n't like as it is a pain in my car.EDIT
 Who would buy this ? I 'm willing to bet there are less people buying this than there are that support either of the two . hahahaha . `` Women Love Dick -LRB- Cheney -RRB- '' ?? HAHAHAHAHA Who are these women ? Is one named Ann ? This is by far the most far reaching bumper sticker I 've seen .
 This item , Dayco 89037 Idler pulley is listed as fitting my 2002 Saturn SC2 1.9 L . However it DOES NOT FIT this vehicle . Not sure if a different item because my car was one of the last cars to be made in that model , does not fit 2001-2 models or what . I selected the make , model and year at the top of screen and it said it fit , but then gave some sort of instruction notes not related to an idler pulley . Guess that should have been a clue . If I recall correctly -LRB- returned over a week ago -RRB- this pulley is smaller than OEM factory by about 1 inch diameter . A little bigger may have been ok , but smaller would run out the automatic tensioner faster , in my opinion . Fortunately they did allow me to return item for a full refund .
 Did n't really serve its purpose . Just go to the dealer and get the right one .
 Stitches fell out after 8-10 rides . Quality is very and very low ... Do n't get confused by its look , safety first !
 In this case cheaper is not better . The amber reflector that is required in most states is not even built into the casing . Opened the box and saw two cheap square reflectors with double stick tape to stick it on the outside . What a joke , spend a little more and get the better ones , especially if you live somewhere that cops look for a stupid reason to pull you over like no reflective material in your turn lens .
 These are suppose to be stabilizers , but they rock back and forth since the nut fits loosely in the stand . If the nut was larger then I could see these working properly .
 I ordered two sets of these from Amazon for use leveling a tiny house on a trailer that I am building . At the time I purchased them , the total weight of the trailer was just 3000 lbs . The jacks started breaking at the very first use . The hardware that holds the hex head onto the handle sheared off . This happened eventually on all four handles . The jacks were also extremely difficult to turn . Needless to say , these were returned to Amazon immediately . Do yourself a favor , and buy something that 's more expensive and better quality .
 I was using these jacks to lift a 3000 sedan on a clean level garage.The teath on the first jack bent after about 1/4 the way up.The second jack collapsed while lowering the car . This would have killed anyone under the car . The screw that drives the jack striped and exploded out of the jack .
 I 'll have to cut the plug end off and splice a different shaped plug end onto the existing wiring harness to get this to fit . There are several different shaped plug ends -LRB- even from the same company -RRB- , that make this product ` not so great ' . Better pictures and description would be helpful.I would not recommend this to a person who is not ` handy ' AND has a collection of discarded plug ends to work with .
 I ordered 2 of these , 1 for each of my vehicles expecting to receive a whole wiring set up as seen in the picture but instead all I received was the plastic bracket . Then I looked and realized that the description says `` mounting bracket '' not bracket and harness . And this bracket does not fit every 4 wire flat connector out there so if you still want to order this , make sure you get it first , and then purchase the harness that fits in it .
 It has a channel inside if for the cover 's plastic connecting arm . It 's very narrow and does n't work with mine . I am not going to use it . I am getting the metal bracket that zip-ties around the Kurt hitch for my Nissan Xterra . And I do n't want to drill into the steel bumper , that ' asking for rust.Tow Ready 118525 T-Connector AssemblyCurt Manufacturing 13514 Class III Receiver
 I 'm not shocked that there were no wires , even though the picture shows wires . But I am surprised that the dust cover - which appears to be integral in the picture - is not included . All that 's in the package is the clamp itself and some self-drilling sheetmetal screws . Maybe I 'll check back some day and see that the picture has been changed or the description has been updated to reflect reality , in which case I 'll change the number of stars . But for now , I 'm knocking two stars off for the deceptive ad , and another star for the product really being a fairly cheap piece . In my opinion , the piece is n't a great value ; the price is at best only `` fair '' . And yeah , I know , we 're not reviewing prices . But it 's a cheaply-made product which lacks finish ; I think the bottom side could 've been solid instead of having the exposed ribbing , and I think the included screws -LRB- which appear to at least be stainless -RRB- should 've come with appropriately-sized washers to distribute the load on the plastic .
 This is a plastic sandwich type holder for the flat 4 wire connector . Not only did my connector fit loose and tilt at an angle as a result , but the holder did not have a proper channel to fit the cover for the 4 wire connector I just bought . The channel provided for the cover is very small and is evidently application specific . This was a waste of money . I had to buy a different mounting bracket from a trailer place .
 Product looks nice , but was unable to use it and threw away box so did n't get a chance to return it . Just ate the cost since it was inexpensive . I bought a curt 56009 T-Connector that I was going to use with this so I had the connector out of site but the CURT connector would n't fit since it was a bit wide/thick . I would say pass on this unless you know your 4 pole hitch connector is truly flat . Mine was n't . Looks like it 's made well and no complaints by the company who sold it .
 I bought this product in 2011 for a trip back up . I am 71 and have been using aerosol/pressurized type inflators for years . The hose was loose on the can and would not seal . Pressing the activator resulted in the hose blowing off and all of my clothes being covered in the chemical . Holding the hose on the can tightly resulted in the same action . This is not a safe product . Thankfully , my glasses kept the chemical from my eyes .
 I bought this for my wife for her Toyota Camry hybrid . Fortunately I have not used it on that car and I will not be . We were at the dealer yesterday for a new customer orientation and they were warning everyone NOT to use this stuff on their New Toyota . It instantly destroys the Tire Pressure Monitor that is in the tire . Replacement cost per tire for the sensor at our dealer is $ 160 -LRB- I have heard of people spending $ 300 to replace these things -RRB- . The new cans of fix a flat claim to be TPMS safe , but looking around on the internet there are many reports of the new stuff killing Tire sensors also . Even if you do n't have a TPMS , Fix a flat is probably not the best idea . Many -LRB- but not all , so shop around if you get refused -RRB- tire shops will not touch your tire after you use it as it leaves a hazardous explosive mess , and it is hard to find where the leak was to give the tire a proper repair . If you do you use fix a flat , make sure to get the tire properly repaired at your earliest convenience as it corrosive to the inside of the rim and the tire . Also make sure to let your tire shop know you have it in your tire because the 1 -RRB- you do n't want the tire guy to blow himself up and 2 -RRB- you want to find out that you are at one of the shops that does n't repair tires gooed up with fix a flat before you have them take the tire off the rim .
 If you , like myself , live in world where there is `` weather '' , then you 'll understand why I hate this product . You see , there are times when the temperature of my car , and everything in it , becomes amazingly cold . We call it `` winter '' . You 've never heard of it , you say ? Well , apparently neither have the people who dreamed up this stuff . I 've had a can of this in my car for over a year now . Went out to my car one FREEZING morning -LRB- it gets like that during the `` winter '' I mentioned before -RRB- , and saw I had a flat ! `` No problem '' thinks I , `` I do believe I have been carrying a solution to this very problem right here in the trunk ! '' . Open the trunk , pull out the `` Fix a Flat '' -LRB- HA ! -RRB- only to find it FROZEN SOLID . Now , what use does something like this have , whereby you keep it in your car for an emergency only to have it completely useless when you need it most !? Cost me time + $ to put on my spare , haul it to a shop , and have my tire repaired . This stuff was a waste of money . If you live somewhere where there 's actual WEATHER , do n't kid yourself with this nonsense .
 I had a tire puncture in the tread from a roofing nail and used fix-a-flat to try to fix the leak . After one can did n't do it , I added a second can , which still did n't fix it.Fix-a-flat guarantees that it will work or your money back , but they make you mail the empty can -LRB- s -RRB- to them . Okay , so I did that , but Fix-a-Flat never did send me a check . From my experience , their guarantee is worthless .
 Yes , this product works . It will fix the flat temporarily . But there are side effects of using this product . It has dangerous carcinogenic chemicals . The tire repair shop refused to repair the tire once I used this product . Reason , because the this thing will damage TPMS , it is a hazardous chemical . It is hard to balance the wheel which has Fix a flat in it . A total flush may be required to clean the product of the tire . Most repair shop wont do that for you . I ended up buying a new pair of tires as there was no way to fix it .
 This did fill up my tire . The problem lies when I tried to have it patched afterward . ALL the places that I called refused to repair my tire with the Fix-A-Flat in it . To quote the guy at Firestone , `` Always use the spare . I 'm sorry I ca n't help you . '' I now must buy new tires for my car . Thanks Fix-A-Flat !
 This stuff ruined the TPMS -LRB- tire pressure monitoring system -RRB- sensor in my tire . Can only be replaced at dealership . Costly repair
 Having worked at a national tire retailer for almost two years , I can tell you that using fix-a-flat is a bad idea . Some of the reasons are :1 - A lot of repair shops wo n't touch tires that have had Fix-a-Flat -LRB- FaF -RRB- applied to them . Usually , the FaF seals the puncture just enough to make it nearly impossible to locate the puncture , even by dunking in a tank . Even if the object that created the puncture is still embedded in the tire , making location of the leak possible , you now have to rinse the FaF completely from the inside of the tire and dry it prior to proper repair .2 - Since most new vehicles are equipped with TPMS -LRB- Tire Pressure Monitoring System -RRB- , the FaF can block the very tiny hole in the sensor which allows it to measure the tire pressure . TPMS sensors are expensive , as are the labor costs associated with replacing them .3 - Some people have used FaF to seal the rims on their inexpensive chromed rims , because the chrome plating has started to seperate , thus causing leaks . This exacerbates the problem plating , causing it to deteriorate even more . I 've even seen this on alloy rims as well , possibly because the liquid left in the tire by FaF is corrosive to some extent to metals.It is far better to maintain the spare -LRB- which means checking the pressure once a month along with those mounted on the vehicle -RRB- , than use the quick fix in a can .
 These holders are too small for Texas plates . Also , the metal is very thin , it bends very easily .
 I had read other reviews noting that some plates were too large for this frame or rim . I figured that would not be a problem since I thought I would just trim the license plates to fit , which I did with no problem . The problem is that this item is not a frame at all . To me , a frame would go AROUND the license plate edges , like a picture frame goes around the glass and whatever is being framed . However , this so-called `` frame '' has the inside and outside edges that are the same depth . It is really just a 5/16 inch black bead that sits on the front of the license plate - leaving the edges of the plate exposed . It is well-made and well-finished , and would look very nice if it really was a frame and covered the license plate edges.I ordered two and did n't try to return them since the shipping cost to return would have been almost as much as the cost of the 2 frames .
 What good is it when it 's smaller than a license plate ? This is true for California plates , is n't the size standard . Also Amazon does n't state for all the license plates whether one or two come in an order . I had assumed two since two are required . I received one , so be advised . I 've returned it . Atleast Amazon makes that simple .
 The license plate frame is as promised very slim . Unfortunately it is too slim for my license plate and ends up showing the top portion of the plate - not a very attractive feature . I 'm moving onto one with a little more width on the edges .
 Instead of fitting around the plate , it sits on top of it . And the corners of the plate stick out beyond the edge of the frame . Looks awful . Clearly the manufacture does not know the size of an American license plate . Cruiser Accessories should be ashamed of themselves for peddling a product like this .
 These folks make a nice frame , but this did not fit - around - the whole plate , and the holes did not match up . Useless in WA state , not worth the $ $ to return . Looks nice , too bad it wo n't work .
 Very cheep and crappy product . Did n't fit well and the first time I washed my car , the grill got ruined . Both sides bent out . I would not recommend this for anyone .
 I just received My order for two Cruiser # 21110 Stainless steellicense plate frames.First of all they are way over sized and cover the State nameand state motto from sight , therefore they are unusable in Mystate.Second the quality is unbelievable , I would not even put them onany thing that needed a license plate bracket , not even a littlered wagon.Third , the most disappointing thing is I trusted Amazon to send Mequality goods in My orders , not some trash .
 Ordered this fan and installed it . Made things worse . And distracted me from diagnosing the problem . Which was the condenser fan after all . After several weeks and numerous additional troubleshooting steps , I discovered that this fan was running backwards . It was pushing hot engine compartment air through an even hotter radiator and then through the AC condenser . The AC did not work unless the car was moving . Big surprise . This unit either has the wrong motor or wrong blade . No deal here .
 Wow , the top screw is not attached to the unit , it just sits on it , also is steel over aluminium so you cant bind them together , it is wobbely , the trailer is all over the place when standing on it , It was cheap , it was an Open box , it was returned already by somebody else , and now i had to return it.i have tryed to think how to make it better , maybe attach the screw to the base , but i gave up , it is not possible , Sorry that i have to say but ... Dont buy it.was easy to return the item , amazon was great , i 'll give them that
 I used it to help hold my boat trailer from tipping while I walked around on the trailer . There must have been a defect in the casting as it cracked ... now I only have one .
 Bought this withTow Ready 118242 7-Way Replacement Tow Package Wiring Harness , and Amazon suggested that I purchase this bracket - `` buy together '' with that product . The 7-pin plug connector holes do not line up with the bracket holes - the bracket is too small by about a half-inch . I assume it would fit a Hopkins brand harness/plug , but it actually looks different than the picture - the part number is the same but there is a slot on the bottom to pull the wiring up thru.Amazon should not suggest that customers bundle these two items together .
 Needed this for equipment touch ups . Used 1/4 of can , spray nozzle stopped spraying , tried everything to unplug and gave up threw can away .
 I purchased Satisfied Brakes PR806 PRO Performance Vehicle Specific Disc Brake Pads 1-month ago to replace all-four pads on my Jaguar S-Type . They were installed with new rotors on the front and machined rotors in the rear . The company advertised that they match the friction requirement of the vehicle maker , but they do n't say what material is used to accomplish this . Both the braking feel and braking distance are inferior to my old very worn factory pads and all-four brakes squeal like a pig every time I touch the brake pedal . As you can imagine it is extremely annoying and embarrassing to have loud squealing brakes , it 's even worse when they are caused by your brake pads that were supposed to meet and exceed vehicle manufacturer requirements . I did everything I was supposed to during the brake-in period and I hoped that the loud squealing noise would go away in time -- Not so . 600 miles later my brakes are louder than ever . The guy at the shop who installed them advised me that the pads are very low quality -LRB- and semi-metallic opposed to the quieter ceramic -RRB- . He recommended that I order factory pads in the future , which are of much higher quality . I may try another higher quality after-market brand before going to the factory for a replacement , but I will NEVER buy a product from this company again . My advice for anyone considering buying brake pads is
 I put this on six months ago and sometimes it justs starts slapping around and making a fluttering noise . I tightened it up but it did n't seem to help . I would n't recommend .
 Be sure to double-double check the part number when ordering , and make 100 % sure your air filter matches both the MODEL and ENGINE of your auto . Use ONLY the sizing guide on the K&N website as the Amazon compatability guide is incomplete and many cars that share the same OEM air filters can not share the same size K&N filter . If you are buying this for a 2007 NISSAN PATHFINDER note that this will NOT fit in the US 4.0 L gasoline model but only in the non-US 2.5 L diesel model .
 I 'd like to cancel this order , as I ordered the incorrect item , but the amazon interface keeps erroring out and refuses to let me cancel . Sounds fishy .
 I never recieved the item . The company said it was broken by UPS . Company did credit my account .
 ... Despite what Amazon and Kragen think . Not even close -- it 's an entirely different style . Do not buy this for '08 HL .
 This item was listed as working with my car , however it was not even close to fitting my car . Had to return it .
 This was gon na be the first time for me to install step rails on my vehicle and , according to friends and family , I thought it was going to be easy as pie . When the items arrived , I ran into a lil problem . The mount kit for this item IS WRONG ! I order these step rails plus the mount kit that amazon suggested for my vehicle and it was wrong . The brackets do n't even look like the picture plus the kit came with extra hardware that kept confusing me . OH !!! and do n't get me started on the `` INSTRUCTIONS '' ! THOSE WERE A WASTE OF PAPER !!! Did n't help one bit . I thought the point of instructions is to guide you through the installation . I think they were trying to use pictures to guide me but with the extra hardware , it became impossible . To make sure that I did n't order the incorrect mount kit by mistake , I checked out the `` lund '' website . It told me that , for my vehicle , I had the correct mount kit . So to make sure it was n't just me , I took it to a professional . They were the ones that confirmed my initial thought that I had the incorrect mount kit and that the kit was actually for an older model . So I think that the Lund company needs to check this out . Now I have to return both items . > . < Hope this review helps .
 ordered step rails and ez monuting kit.when rails arrived they were scuffed on edges look like crap.monuting kit was wrong not even close.ship everything back at my own expense.received new mounting brackets after 2 weeks in the middle of winter and did n't mount rails until weather was a little nicer , also after the return date had expried.open the rails again thinking everything was sorted out and they were for a chevy colorado . i own a ford crew cab . amazon sucks
 I do n't regret purchasing the filter , since it is cleanable . With the age of my car I have to mail order filters so reuseability is a plus . I did n't notice ANY performance change . I am running a turbocharged engine and figured the K&N filer would do something . Nope .
 This did not come with brackets to connect the rails to the vehicle . It 's not what I expected and I am very unsatisfied with it .
 This filter will not fit 2001 Avalon , the connector is not the same as the Toyota one , it will leak fuel !!!! I tried 4 times and it leaks ALOT !!! Finally i looked at the old one and they are not the same , Im returning it and getting one from the dealership
 Please do yourself a favor . Spend your money on Borg Warner coils that will last longer than your vehicle . Always buy Borg Warner products and you will never have a problem NEVER !
 I have had deflector for about 2 months . since install , there has been a slight bend in middle of deflector . I returned and ordered another one and it does the same thing . Contacted the product vendor with no response . installed on a 2012 honda ridgeline . would not recommend this product to anyone with this make / model vehicle
 I bought this to label the equipment bags for our local Little League . Being that it is a fabric paint I assumed it would apply a nice thick coat of paint . Instead , it had the consistency of milk and was mostly absorbed by the canvas material that the bags were made of . I sprayed three coats on the bag hoping I would get a nice thick visible bag number to appear . That never happened so I conclude that this product must be meant for some other type of fabric that wo n't absorb it .
 Crappy , toy-like quality . The color is not consistent too . It will only ruin your car 's interior .
 doesnt stick to car seat fabric well and in the end it came out looking like musturd yellow with patches of black . It took me another hour to get 90 % of it off . What a waste of money !!!! I also have a video on youtube .
 This cap did not fit standard R134a Low Side service port on 2001 Ford truck . It was too large . Even though it was the same size as the High Side service port cap , it would not screw into place .
 The red R134a cap for the high side service port did not fit on a 2001 Ford truck . It would not screw into place . The threads were too short . Stock cap has longer thread length .
 The floormats are not a good fit in the front floor boards . Neither side fits like the manufacturers mats and they are not cut as seen in the picture . If you want something that is a meg shift fit , then these are for you .
 I bought this product hoping to remove a body oils stain from people sitting on a very nice leather couch.The cleaner did nothing . Almost looks worse then before the cleaner . Would not suggest for leather furniture
 This stereo install dash kit did not fit in my 2007 Chevy pickup truck as advertised and did not include wiring.False advertising !
 This is an earlier model of the ford transmission filter . If you are replacing on a b series or ranger , get the newer filter , it 's bigger and will still fit your transmission .
 Stitches fell out after 8-10 rides . Quality is very and very low ... Do n't get confused by its look , safety first !
 I believe that this alternator has a bad bearing and need to know where is should be sent . AC Delco gives it a 12 month warranty and it is only been in service for 30 days . The return privilege with Amazon expires today . Your help is appreciated ! Ed
 I only received one of the two pack of seat warmers . I received the second one after finding the right phone number to call and they after they got around to sending it . It does not fit properly on the seat . It akes the entire time of my morning commute -- 45 minutes -- to begin to heat . Total waste of money . I did not return it because with the original shipping and handling cost and the return cost it will not be wise to return it . I just need to accept that I was taken by this company . I suggest you only buy this product if you have nothing better to do with your money .
 This product is awful . It streaked and distorted the color of my stainless . Thankfully another product fixed it back ! Worst money I ever spent !
 This unit was the only option , and a necessity for wiring in a new radio to my '08 HHR . Unfortunately , it 's not well thought out , nor totally functional as-is . The good : * It DOES maintain On-Star . * It DOES allow the radio to interface with the factory harnesses . * It DOES maintain the warning chime for doors open/lights on/keys in igntion.The bad : * It DOES NOT maintain the signal blinker &#34; click &#34; without an EXTRA resistor - which must be purchased separately ! Pardon me , but I expect EVERYTHING to work for the price of this thing ! * It 's FRIGGIN HUGE ! If you have an HHR , and you are installing a factory-sized -LRB- Double-DIN -RRB- aftermarket radio , you MUST put the &#34; Box &#34; behind the radio pocket of the dash ... there 's not enough room to put it anywhere within the radio pocket of the dashboard . * Since it 's so huge , and you must put it behind the console , there should be extra wire to allow for the length needed ! The orientation of the wires , and their routing from harness-to box-to harness makes for a bird 's nest of wires , but barely enough length to reach the radio.Long story short ... if you have an HHR , this is a necessary evil . But be prepared , it 's a nightmare.It
 Hooked it up . No power to accessory wire.Disconnected , reconnected all wiring , verified , soldered in connections.Still no acc power.ended up wiring into the fusebox . Sad to see such an expensive product have that kind of issue.Also disables your alarm , There was no indication that this product would do that . The auto locks and delayed locks still work . But the &#34; security &#34; light on the dash never comes on now , and if you pop the door open , the alarm no longer goes off .3 months into having the product , The car no longer has a &#34; dinger &#34;
 This company is advertising 1 pound of R12 & R134a Valve Cores - Standard -LRB- 2672 -RRB- . Item Weight
 I had 2 climate controller ship to me for a 03 envoy when you put it on cool you get heat when on heat you get cool i put my old one back in works fine only the led light do n't work on one side .
 Sorry , have n't bought this -LRB- yet -RRB- . But I wanted to point out that the product details list the length of this item as 81 inches . Although this is the part number recommended for my 2000 Ford Ranger short bed truck , my truck bed is only 72 '' long . It 's not clear if this will really fit , although it 's what is recommended . Is the 81 '' length the length of the shipping box ? Based on the product details , I would not buy this for my truck .
 I have n't even removed this gauge from its package because I can see that the needle does not line up at all with the zero . Its not like its off a little , NO its way off . Do n't know how something like this could get by quality control . I guess this is my fault for cheaping out on a boost gauge but I bought this one because it was the closest match to all the stock VDO brand gauges my car came with .
 Not at zero when bought , no adjustment to zero gauge . So I would assume it 's reading is also off .10 / 28/2012 , after spending some time with it after my review , I discovered that in the light well , you put pressure on the `` ring '' inside it and adjust the needle 's zero position . It now reads zero at power off and displays what I expected to see on my boost -LRB- 5-7 PSI on my SLK230 Kompressor -RRB- . It was a -3 at power off when bought , now at 0 . I 'll upgrade my rating from 1 star to 2 stars , based on quality control , which seems to be lacking.The back-lighting is mild , which I like quite well at that low level .
 I received these replacement mats for Christmas . The carpet is very nice , but the mats are not as pictured and are smaller than the photo without holes to secure them to factory tabs in floorboard . I will be returning these . Cheaper to buy directly from Ford .
 I did n't buy this with the intention of spraying it on my car which is what this product is intended for . But guitar builders a lot of times will use auto paints because of the fine quality and finish . I bought this ... did n't even use it . It 's like a cheap party decoration . Just sprays glitter , would NEVER , EVERRR spray anything like this on my car yet alone guitar ... very dissapointed
 Not for SVT . Item fits like original , but will not control the idle and caused a very loud `` moose '' sound . Replaced with original Motorcraft part and works like new .
 This is a quality Felpro gasket but it does not include the latest design of the oil return hole . You can enlarge the hole at your own risk as rebuilders have been doing for years . Finally , Felpro incorporated the enlarged hole -LRB- which looks like the profile of a Monopoly hotel on its side -RRB- into the gasket design , but the gasket set offered here is not the new design . Part number is the same .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 I bought this item expecting to get something of better quality than I did . The hose , the valve and the blow gun were on the cheap side . The cylinder itself seems to be the only component that had any real lasting quality of materials in it . Whatever standards this AC System Flush Kit was built to , must have been very minimal . I would ' t recommend purchasing this kit .
 The product description says that this Bumper is Silver and comes with adapter ... The product received was GRAY not SILVER and there was no adapter . Additionally I could not find a phone number for the store .
 I paid a premium price for these floor mats , and I am not at all impressed .1 . No hole for the factory anti-skid hook2 . No &#34; spikes &#34; on the bottom to keep them in place3 . Color is totally off4 . fit is just barely close -LRB- ordered custom fit floor mats -RRB- I paid over $ 100 for these floor mats and expected much better . I am totally unimpressed by these extremely expensive floor mats . Take a look at the list above and you can see why . I really feel ripped off . My worn out mats stayed in place when you entered/exited the vehicle , even when you vacuumed . Not these , they do n't even sit flat , let alone fit the floor pans.These are thick floor mats , they appear well made . That 's it . Should you want to put them at your front door I 'm sure you will get compliments . Not in my Eddie Bauer Explorer . Not even close . Live and learn .
 We had an old one tha MUCH bigger this one . It is much too small . It appears that they no longer make the we had . My wife is very , very disappointed .
 the product arrived with only the inside warming pad , without the outside . Basically it was &#34; naked &#34; . I had to return it since it was useless . The picture of the product is wrong , or the product itself was shipped wrong . I never found out.At least there is the good Amazon service , they accepted the return based on wrong description and I received the refund .
 Purchased this twice as a gift for my father in law . First time I only received the gel insert . Ordered again thinking it was just a mistake , got just the insert again . Too bad it did n't arrive with the outer case as shown . Amazon was great with the return though , emailed a return slip within minutes .
 It was not worth the price at all because it did not even come with a cover . It is very disappointing .
 the first one I bought a few years ago seemed to be of better quality . I only had this one less than 6 months and only used it about 7 times total and it started leaking and had to be thrown away . I would not recommend this to anyone if you plan to use it for what its meant to be used for . Now your thinking . . how much does the person weight that was using it . I weight 135 .
 I bought this seat , and another just like it , for my wife and I to use at the Breeder 's Cup in Kentucky last month . It was cold and we were going to be setting outside for 5 or 6 hours . We heated the seat 's inserts in the microwave according to instructions , taking care not to heat it too long so the inserts would not burst . The seats were warm for maybe an hour and one-half , much , much less than the 4 to 5 hours advertised . For the second day , we even heated it as long as we dared and it still only provided about one hour 's worth of heat . We were very disappointed in this product .
 I bought `` Lava Buns '' to use when deer hunting -LRB- November weather in WI -RRB- and watching hockey games -LRB- on cold aluminum bleachers -RRB- . I arranged for my wife to give the `` Buns '' to me as a Christmas gift , and I was very eager to try them Christmas evening . I followed the instructions for microwaving the gel insert for exactly three minutes -LRB- CAUTION
 Strange that it called hot buns when they sent me a freezer only pack , with NO cover . No navy cover , no red cover , NO COVER . I have plenty of freezer ice pacs . VERY DISAPPOINTING !
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 Fact is , there are no power gains , and the car probably performs worse with it on . Not a great investment for the money . Do n't spend money on an intake , not worth it .
 I bought this black product and the hood catches were black but the hardware was Stainless silver . Stupid . Stupid . Stupid . Keep this in mind .
 The description states powder coated . The hardware is silver and a screw not a bolt . The retaining rod is also silver not powder coated and the top is riveted on . Sending them back . If I could have rated is zero stars I would have .
 Pedi robusto El Ridge 11.210,01 la segun foto dobservaciones S&iacute; onde Que Lleva Una llaves , Pero El producto Que me enviaron no era Por nada Lo pedicura Que . Me Siento robado .
 I have a 2007 Honda Accord and ordered this to install an aftermarket stereo below the existing climate control/radio . When the stock connector is disconnected from the climate control/radio unit there is n't much space to add the Scosche connector . The lead wires between the connectors simply is n't long enough to connect between the stock climate control/radio and the detached connection . Had to modify this to extend the lead wires between connectors but this really was n't easy considering there is so little wire between the connectors to work with . There is a comparable part from American International that appears to have longer lead wires between connectors . I have n't gotten my hands on it so I ca n't verify for sure that is the case .
 This solved my random stall issues , however the car would not start properly in cold weather . I suggest an alternative . -LRB- 1998 Integra GS -RRB-
 i got one of these for my scooter and it shredded within an hour of installation.dont waste your money
 Item was sent and it took more than 2 weeks to receive , they claim it was custom made . The seat covers were n't even close to what I had . Even the head rest was the wrong shape . I wanted to return the item and then I got attitude from the seller . This was a gift for Christmas , they drug their feet getting back to me -LRB- AUTO BARN -RRB- on wanting it returned . For 150 bucks and wrong fit I think I should be able to return it . FINALLY they said I could , then make me do all this other ectra stuff , pay for shipping to return and then drag their feet on getting me my money back . FINALLY I get an email stating I can have my refund but they shorted me $ 10 dollars . That might not seem like alot but I paid for shipping BOTH ways and then they short me !
 The thermometer arrived promptly , no problems there . The thermometer was 10 degrees off from two thermometers I already had and the clear cover was scratched . It so was so cheap I hate to go to the trouble of returning it . I would not recommend this product ... buy a nicer one !
 Item was sent and it took more than 2 weeks to receive , they claim it was custom made . The seat covers were n't even close to what I had . Even the head rest was the wrong shape . I wanted to return the item and then I got attitude from the seller . This was a gift for Christmas , they drug their feet getting back to me -LRB- AUTO BARN -RRB- on wanting it returned . For 150 bucks and wrong fit I think I should be able to return it . FINALLY they said I could , then make me do all this other ectra stuff , pay for shipping to return and then drag their feet on getting me my money back . FINALLY I get an email stating I can have my refund but they shorted me $ 10 dollars . That might not seem like alot but I paid for shipping BOTH ways and then they short me !
 I purchased a set of floor mats from Coverking -LRB- thru a reseller -RRB- for a Mercedes Benz 350SDL . When I received my product it appeared the product was for a Mercedes 350SD . Compared to the original floor mats , Coverkings front floor mats were ill cut and the rear mats were 5 '' short . I contacted the reseller who tried to contact Coverking various times , by phone and email , without success to remedy the situation . The reseller refunded my money in the end and apologized for the unfortunate experience , which was beyond their control . Coverking 's website indicates the product is for the 350 SDL which it clearly is not . I will not buy another Coverking product after this experience .
 The mats shown in the ad vs the mats I received are not the same . As I indicated in an earlier review the mats shown have eyelets for securing to the floor of the vehicle . My car 2010 Cadillac DTS has the catches in the floor for the mats with the eyelets . The mats I received do not have that feature . They tend to move and not be stationary .
 Did n't return it as someone I know needed this particular one . However it wo n't fit a 2004 . . the plugs are different .
 it was a pretty decent price and i took the risk , and it worked fantastic for a little bit more than a month , check engine light turned on again code p0505 -LRB- IAC malfunction -RRB- after a cold day ... i might need to buy another one from someone else .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 Well here we are March the 2nd and I still do n't have my product . I was given a partial credit because I originally ordered this product on January 25th and I was told 9 days ago that I my light on Friday but no !!!!! This has been the worse experience I have ever had ordering online . Amazon should really do something about it .
 This is the second attempt I 've made at getting a car towel for my husband and this one was worse than the first one . Not only will the item not stay over the Mazda seat , it left little fuzzy lint balls all over his black jacket.It will be cut up and added to the rag bag at our house .
 I often put a regular towel over my seat after running and thought this would be great . But , the opening for the headrest is huge , so it pulls forward and slides down the leather seat , leaving a large uncovered area below the head rest . If this had velcro at the top to close it with some adjustment , it would have been great.The weight of the towel is a little light which I guess is OK for this application.I still use it but it could have been better .
 Did n't even try these out . Very poor quality . Very thin fabric and the elastic that helps hold it over the seat would n't hold a child . The worst part is that I paid $ 10 in shipping and have to send it back AND pay 10 % restocking .
 may help some lens , but not mine . I guess mine were too far gone .
 I bought these thinking that My truck would ride smoother and get rid of the bounce and pogo effect -LRB- 2000 Dodge 1 ton Dually -RRB- . After I installed them I called KYB and ask if they would soften up a bit . They stated that the MonoMax shocks are 40 % stiffer than Stock ! Enough said . Theses are a BIT harsh for me . If I was hauling 1500 # all the time as a True Work Truck then they would work out fine , Not to great without a Heavy load in the bed .
 right box wrong part i had to buy return it to local auto parts store and lie and say they sold it too me
 Item delivered was incorrect to posted description.Listed as 37906-90 clutch hub bearing 1990 - 1997 harleyreceived a shifter shaft bearing - i contacted sellerseller blamed amazon for errorasking for a full refund
 I used both types of band clamps - steel band clamps and wire band clamps - with the ribbed hose in my dust collection system.The steel band clamps slipped more , were harder to control going on and did n't seat as well as the the wire band clamps
 These horns are the cheapest piece of crap I have ever seen . To start with , they come in a blister pack . That means that , in order to open them , you must destroy the packaging . -LRB- Now try returning them ! -RRB- They do not come with any type of mounting hardware with the exception of a bolt and a nut for the trumpets and the compressor . There is no tubing for the `` air '' part . You must buy that apart from the kit . The `` chrome plating '' is so thin as to be laughable . The front of the horn that is used , I assume , to block the entrance , is plastic , not chrome.All in all I would give this product a rating of minus five on a scale of ten , and I am being generous .
 When I recieved this Air-Horn set I expected there to be hoses , and supporting hardware for mounting on my Motorcycle ... Which there WAS NOT . Now I 've got to scrounge around and get the hardware for the air horns . So my Rating is `` VERY LOW '' until some sort of compensation can be made by the company or the shippers ... It 's that simple .
 The steel band clamp should only be used in one type of application . That being where you are putting two SMOOTH surfaces together , like a garden hose or radiator hose . But with a DC application of a ribbed hose , the steel band clamp is NOT the preferred choice , use the wire clamp.The steel band clamp will only strip and never be fully seated trying to compress and secure the wire rib to the smooth DC fitting . The steel banding and worm screw is not designed to do that task and provide the needed pressure to fully seat the ribbed hose . Whereas , the wire clamp will actually strattle the rib on both sides and create a perfect clamping fit.I tried to save the ten cents over the wire clamp , and wound up stripping the clamp thread on about 75 % of the 3 '' hose applications with the steel band clamps . I antied up and spent the extra cash and got the right product , the wire clamps for the ribbed DC hose .
 The description of this autowash with brush attachment and one of the pictures with it led me to believe that it could be attached to a regular garden hose . If that is what you are looking for , do n't order it . I had to send it back .
 I returned this . The water drained out so fast it made it difficult to wash my car and boat . Sorry
 The `` synthetic attachment '' misses a lot of spots around trims , the handle is too short for me.I ended up using the brush only , which I could have just picked up at a hardware store for cheaper .
 I had previously purchased a car wash brush that did n't include the ability to include soap and it worked great and was durable but needed to be replaced . First I bought another model at a store which was similar to this but it literally ripped my skin when loading the soap and it did n't mix well.When I got this unit I immediately was disappointed by the extension portion which has trouble with extension . Furthermore , once you extent too far its hard to put it back over the washers and keep a tight seal . So I simply use the brush or other component on the lowest setting . At least its light weight but thats about all .
 The handle literally lets the soap simply run out , whether using the mop or brush . It does n't require any pressure against the car , it simply empties out by itself . And unless you wash very fast , the soap will be gone before you 've even washed one side of your car . If you have to spend any extra time cleaning a particular spot , the soap will be gone before you even move on . In the long run you 're probably going to spend more money on soap then before you got this system , because it will take two buckets full instead of just one . But the soapy water will be cleaner .
 I bought this product on January 2012 for my 2000 Audi A4 1.8 t Manual . I had it installed on 03/23/2012 , and it worked on about 6 occasions , then it completely died . Anybody buying this product for a car like mine , do n't . It does NOT work .
 I 'm a professional mechanic . I `` owned '' one of these about 15 years ago . Well actually it was given to me by another mechanic ... turns out I was the forth mechanic in our shop to inherit this thing . The wheels are great it and over rough surfaces with ease . The problem lies in the design - the wheel wells are too big and inhibit you from raising your arms over your head . It 's big , bulky and cumbersome . I was fortunate enough to pass it on to another technician ... who gladly accepted it -LRB- ha ha jokes on him -RRB- I have a feeling this creeper is still being passed around the dealership as a running joke .
 I read another review that using cardboard works good , I can confirm that . Used this on a truck in gravel and although it would move with effort over the gravel the cardboard in the end worked out much better and cost nothing . Its a monster size compared to other creepers and the huge wheel pockets make it difficult to work around . Try the cardboard in uneven surface and use the smaller creepers in the workshops .
 Contacted the company to complain about the head and neck rest . Talked to the owner . Absolutely disgusting how he will not stand behind his product to fix the problem . Problem is the head and neck rest is molded in a 3 dimensonal logo out of some very hard product . Feels like a bunch of rocks under your head or neck . Seems company is more interested in a logo headrest instead of comfort for the customer that has to work with it . I would never ever do business with this company again . .
 this product is supposed to be a paste , not a crystalized rock . can looked sealed , guess they will sell their old product to anyone . terrible !
 This part had the wrong plug and can not be used on a 69 GTO . I had to send it back .
 I had gotten this product because looking at the infomercials it looked promising to revamp my older vehicle a bit . On the infomercial it looks effortless to even make the finish on a car with oxidation look great . That is n't the case . I saw no difference on the oxidation or the shine of my older vehicle . My car , other than some oxidation on the top and back looks pretty good and this product did n't even take up the shine really . That is a lot of money to spend on basically a product that does n't do anything more than water alone does , which is nothing for a finish .
 I bought this for my car that is oxidized because the commercial said it would take it out and shows that is does ! Well it does not . It did n't do anything . Do n't waste your money or time . you can pick something up at the local parts store that works better !
 the simoniz did nothing for me , i spray it on my car and my car didint shine , what a waste dont buy its probably made of detergent
 I saw on the commercial that after one application , an old car looks like new ... well , I tried on my old car and did n't improve at all .
 The product arrived with a damaged container causing half the polish to be lost . I asked for a replacement bottle to be sent but they countered with a promise of a refund . To date I have received nothing .
 Absolutely terrible . It does nothing it claimed to do . It took about about 15-20 mins to coat my car with this stuff , and another like 2 hours to take it off once I realized it does nothing . Does not repel water , leaves tons of streaks when you put it on and I tried everything with this POS , washed car before , switched car soap and polished it before application , this was just terrible . when I put a cup of water , it not only did NOT repel water , it actually made every drop of water that did get on the car , nasty white water marks on my black mr2 . Terrible . I will never buy from an infomercial again .
 What a waste . I expected more from the product . Used it on an 04 BMW and an 07 Vette . Required as much elbow grease to remove and polish to a high shine as any paste wax . The battery operated spray bottle is cool , but the product is inferior . I would take a refund if offered .
 this product is nothing more than a liquid spray that does little to nothing when applied to your auto . it appeared no more effective than water . i felt it was a total waste of time and money .
 This motorized way of applying polish does not work well . Many streaks appear and are impossible to buff out . The non-motorized approach works much better .
 This product is n't even worth being on the market . I might as well use water from a hose . I am very dissatisfied with this product . I would not recommend this to my worst enemy yet alone a friend . Terrible product not worthy of all the hipe .
 I 've used Wagner brake pads on all my cars and I love them , they 've never let me down . I recommend them to anyone you will feel a difference in stopping distance . Just dont buy this model on a 2003 explorer they are too small
 I concur with the writer from 2008 and wish I had read his review prior to purchasing this product . Yes , it darkens the plastic to a nice black , but the color does run . I actually had the product run for several weeks following application and it had not even rained ! Additionally , this was recently , and one would expect with the cooler weather this would be even less likely to happen . This was only one application . Yes , it wipes off clean with a micro fiber , but who wants to come upon their car with black lines running down the paint?I have heard about Forever Black , but do n't like the idea of `` staining '' my plastic . Subsequently , I will continue to look for a different product .
 I purchased this product to renew the black trim on my pickup truck . When first applied , it seems to be working but after applying and buffing as instructed , then letting it dry I noticed streaks on my trim work . I priceeded to try it at another location , then another but all my attempts left the same ugly streaks . The dulled flat black oxidized look return along with streaks from the Mothers Trim Care product . I would n't recommed this to anyone . . It is a total waste . . you wont even get a minimal improvement . Two Thumbs Down !
 I bought this product to use on my Yakima roofrack plastics which are badly sun faded . Did n't do a thing and they look the same as before . I wasted $ 10 . Tried on my black car trims and barely makes a difference there . Not recommended by me .
 I would not buy this product again . I purchased this to restore the trim on my H3 . Its a big disaapointment . The product barely gets the trim `` back to black '' ... and it does not last . I feel like I need to reapply every week just to make it `` gray '' , not black . . when I want it black . I am fed up with this product . Its a waste of money . I am looking into actual dye kits now for trim . I would reccommend `` Forever Black '' or `` Showroom new '' if you really want to restore your trim permanently . Do not buy .
 I like many of the Mothers products for our cars . However this Back to Black product is useless and a waste of money . I used it on the black plastic parts of a nearly brand new car for darkening/removing the wax haze after treating the car to a complete Mother 's Wax System . It did n't remove any of the wax haze . I tried my old stand-by Amour-All and that worked great ; removed the haze right away with one pass over . Sorry , but this product needs to go back to the drawing board Mothers .
 Saw the Mothers name and immediately thought quality and reputation . Even ordered two bottles . Upon arrival I used according to directions and was not impressed . Did not do what it said it would do . Would return , but not willing to spend the money for postage . Will just take this as a lesson that a name is n't everything . First time that a Mothers product did n't work for me . Oh well . Hope the Mothers folks read these reviews . Maybe they will change the formula for one that works .
 looks good for a few time , but is temporary , is better suited for a person who wants to sell a car and wants to give a good impression to the buyer . . otherwise , the product will go away with rain or water , so you will have to reapply it again and again .
 I have read all the reviews for Mother 's Back To Black , and frankly , I am a little surprised that no one has mentioned the `` rain factor '' with this product . I used to use this on my Volvo bumpers because over the years , they had faded from black to grey . The Back to Black did make the bumpers look nice ; however , as soon as the next rainfall , the stuff would run off the bumpers and cause really ugly streaks . Likewise , every time I washed the car , applications of the Back to Black became an additional step during the washing process . Well , I got tired of that really fast.For those who use this product and love having to continually apply and re-apply it over and over again , enjoy ! However , for those who are looking for a permanent remedy to your faded trim , use Forever Black . It is also available here on Amazon . I applied 6 coats of the stuff back in September of last year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . As of right now , the bumpers on my car look BETTER than they did on the day I bought the car -LRB- 3 years ago -RRB- . The bumpers look fantastic and the Forever Black is not affected by rain , or any other weather conditions . Actually , I am quite shocked that Forever Black is not better known that it is .
 I purchased this product to shine up the gray and black trim on my 2003 Vibe with 110 , XXX miles . On the black trim , both glossy and flat - wow ! Excellent product . Removes oxidation , and gives it a single color , just great . However , on the gray it was a most horrible product . Now , you are saying
 I have used this on my over door black trim many times and it will not make it like new or reduce fading . Do not waste your money on this worthless product .
 Does not `` reverse '' the effect of oxidation as claimed , only temporary.Minimal effect on exterior black trims . Streaks BADLY after one rain.Not effective at all on dark blue interior plastic.Now I use it as a tire dressing . And it 's at most mediocre at at .
 I tried this on the bumper of my Volvo today , and after trying several different spots , I ca n't see any difference . Perhaps my expectations were too high , as the black trim is badly faded . It did make some of the side trim a little better , although this trim is still in good condition . I ca n't tell it is any better than using Armour All .
 I applied this to the black molded surfaces on the truck after a complete wash . Used on bumper pad , door handles and side moldings that were gone over with a brush to get dirt out of the textured surface . The product worked great at first . But it quickly faded , and worse , it left residue streaks down the paint . My saving grace was the layers and layers of previous waxes . I did not have to use Isopropyl alcohol or clay bar the truck just to remove the residue.I live in Texas and summers are extremely hard on vehicles . I do n't expect a miracle product . But it would be great to find a product that does n't create more detail work or cause paint issues . A user should n't have to go that in depth in vehicle detailing in order to use a surface application product that does not permanently restore.It takes a while to wash a 3/4T truck - lots of surface area . From wash to wax to chrome to glass to black to tires and wheels - that is a lot of time spent out there . Products need to be easy application or it wo n't get used much , especially if previous results were mediocre.I have a mostly full bottle on the shelf in the garage . I do n't think it 'll be finishing the rest of it . The product was a great idea but if there is a middle ground in the formula that does n't penalize a quick application , would be better .
 I have used this over the years on my Jeep trim and on my Mustangs rear honey comb panel and chin spoiler . It was a real pain to use on the jeeps trim . Once done it only lasted a few days and did n't look all that black . It did an ok job on the rear panel of my mustang but again only lasted a few days . I then found a bottle of Meguiars Gold Class Trim Detailer and tried that . What a night and day difference , I will never use Mothers Back-To-Black again . The Meguiars Gold went on much better then Back to Black and makes all my trim and paneling look % 100 better while lasting weeks not days .
 Ok , its time for me to rate this product . First of all I have a 2008 Nissan Frontier , and I live in the hot desert of Arizona , with the summer heat and sun beating down on my truck . On my vehicle the plastic trim which is right below my front windshield , is about 5 ` long and 4 '' wide has become a very light gray in color and -LRB- spotty -RRB- all over , from the past 2 1/2 yrs of weather here . Now I used this product in the shade of my garage , and I did NOT apply it with a rag . I used my fingers and rubbed it into the plastic . On contract with the trim it turned very dark quickly , as I rubbed it in and continued to apply more product over and over . It took about half of the bottle to get the look I wanted . However I did noticed that even though the trim had turned back to black , I could still see a slight -LRB- spotty pattern -RRB- in the trim , and it could not be removed . It was something that was noticeable but still , I thought the product did very well . The product also bought a sheen back to the plastic trim which I was happy with , and in using the product I found that I did get a very slight oxidation from the trim on my hand and rag I used to wipe the trim down with after I finished applying the product . I have read a review that someone stated this product washed off , with rainfall , so I will have to see if that happens , when the rains come again here . The product is a light milky white and I did not noticed any strong smell as I used it , so it does not seem to be laced with any heavy chemicals . I have rated this product with 4 stars , because too me 5 stars would have made the trim look like brand new . But I would give it a 4 1/2 stars if I could though , IF amazon 's scoring system would let me . **************** Update ... after i did a wash at local car wash , i did notice a little of the faded color to the plastic come back . not much but a little , i reapplied some more back to black and removed it , so far everything else with my plastic trim is ok ... Sep 13,2010 UPDATE FEB 11 2011 ... all my trim i treated last year is back to its faded condition , and its been that way for awhile . this product offers only a temporary solution to faded trim ... washing and more sun , gives the product no really lasting power ...
 I guess it was a pipe dream to believe that any magic liquid could restore my faded gray bumper trim to black.I applied about 5 coats of this Back to Black product over the course of a few days . It might look better when wet , but by the next day I was back to gray . I was pretty peeved . What 's worse , I notice that now I have streaks on the bumper that look like jail stripes . The car is a 1989 Honda Accord with a black rubber strip on the bumper cover . Yeah , they 're severely faded , but is n't that the intended market for this product?I have read some other fixes on the web , notably including mink oil -LRB- normally used for shoes -RRB- , and instant shoe polish . There is a spray paint also and it seems that that 's the only real way to restore the black . Mask off everything but the trim , rough it up with sand paper , and then repaint ... I hear this gives good , long lasting results.As for Back-To-Black , in spite of the positive reviews here on Amazon , I think a google search will convince you that it 's a poor risk . It certainly did not work at all for me .
 I bought this stuff and was pretty impressed with the results of it since I applied the stuff in the summer . But when it started to rain or if the car got wet , this stuff will come off and then in order to restore the look , you have to reapply it again . There is apparently better stuff but since I was n't aware of it , I did n't know better and the geeks at the autostore recommended the stuff . I guess the stuff is ok if your car never gets wet and you do n't mind having to reapply the stuff . I however do n't want to have to reapply this stuff as there was a lot of labor involved in trying to improve the look of the trim pieces on the car .
 For years , I 've used another company 's trim detailer . But when that ran out , the only one I could find at the local auto store was Mother 's Back to Black . I use trim detailer on all sorts of trim types and vehicles , from cars to motorcycles , black plastic to flat grey painted metal , porous and non-porous . For rubber materials , Back to Black works . It doesnt have that silicone slipperyness when you 're done applying it . However , I noticed that this product will not cover up rubber surfaces that have accidentally been touched by wax . The wax marks show through after a couple hours of drying.For flat finish painted surfaces , this product doesnt work at all . Blotchy and inconsistent . I 'm sure this depends upon the condition of the surface you 're treating , but the point of this product is to hide blemishes on surfaces that dont look so good anymore . As such , it doesnt work well for older vehicles that have n't been properly cared for.Plastic surfaces seem to work ` OK ' , but the product washes off some plastics and on other plastics it doesnt seem to work at all -LRB- you can apply it , buff it , and it looks like it was never applied -RRB- . For ALL cases , the product does n't last . If you have a newer vehicle -LRB- < 2 yrs -RRB- the condition of the surface is probably so good that this product 's shortcomings are not visible . But if you have a 5 + year old vehicle -LRB- or one that sees a lot of sunlight -RRB- , then you 'll be disappointed that all the time you spent detailing the rubber/plastic surfaces of your exterior is wasted.To be fair , I 'm comparing the performance of this Mother 's product to the previous product I used which was made by the other 'M ' company and is called `` Trim Detailer '' or `` Gold Class Trim Detailer '' . The other company 's product works much better and lasts far longer than Back to Black .
 1st of all - I 'm a fan of Mothers products and use a lot of them on my car ... this is not going to be one of them for plastic anyway ... I purchased Mothers `` Back to Black '' at a local auto store and used it on my 2008 Subaru Outback 2.5 XT . There is a lot of exterior black plastic and rubber on this vehicle , so it took me a few hours to apply and buff it all.I followed the directions exactly - The car and the trim were clean and cool to the touch . I Applied it , massaged it in , let it dry , then buffed it ... and when I say buff it , you really need to buff it to remove any excess . It looked great , until I woke up the next morning and there was dew on my car . Well , anyplace dew had settled on the treated areas , it was streaked and I had oily runs on the adjoining painted areas of my car . I ca n't imagine what would have happened if it rained ! I waited until later in the day when the dew evaporated , and re-buffed again , and the streaks went away somewhat , but were still noticeable . I 've applied additional coats and still get the same results . This only seems to work on materials that will absorb it freely . I tends to stay slippery and somewhat greasy feeling on hard plastics -LRB- on my vehicle anyway -RRB- . It does not say on the container or their web-site , but here on amazon in the product description ` un-treated plastic ' ... I 'm not sure what that means , I have not treated my plastic with anything but this product , but maybe Subaru treats the plastic at the factory ? The product description also states that it needs to be re-applied regularly ... I 'm not willing to spend hours every time I wash my vehicle , or it gets wet.This product was n't a total waste , since it seems to work very well on my rubber door seals and the rubber seals around the sunroof , both of which are prone to oxidation and would be extremely costly to replace since they are normally only available from the dealer . So I 'd give it 4 stars for it 's performance so far on soft rubber . I 'd give it 5 stars if it keeps them protected over the years with regular application -LRB- the rubber is easy to treat compared with plastics -RRB- . I 'm going to give the Bondo 800 Black Restore by 3M -LRB- available here on amazon.com -RRB- a try ... All positive reviews there : Bondo 800 Black Restore - 8 fl . oz.I 'll post a review there , and also comment back here whether it works or not ... I have to wait a while for the Back to Black to wash off before I can apply the Black Restore , so it may be a while.Others have mentioned Forever Black , but with so many negative reviews , I think I pass and try the Bondo 800 insteadForever Black Bumper & Trim Dye Kit -LRB- also it 's confusing that amazon currently has ` Forever Black ' with 4 different listings , and 4 different prices , and 4 sets of reviews -RRB-
 Pretty easy to apply , and looked awesome once I was done . Sadly , it rained two days later and the product mostly washed off , leaving behind the same sun-faded greyish color my trim was before . I had read great recommendations about this product in car care articles , and thought I 'd be impressed . Ended up very disappointed . Do n't bother spending your money on this .
 I applied it to many different surfaces , ranging from rubber to hard plastic . On the rubber items it looked good , softer plastic it was ok , but even after multiple applications it just did n't work on hard plastic trim . Still just gray and faded . Not black .
 This product was a little weaker and flimsier than I was expecting for the price . I thought it would be more of a heavy duty durable plastic liner but it is rather thin plastic that seems like it may split with much wear and tear . It also does not fit all that well and there is a gap between the product and the sides of the car . Being that it was designed specifically for the Liberty I was expecting a snug fit in order to protect the carpet underneath .
 Dowa not fit snug and very flimsy . Always bunching up and moving around . Would takeObey back in 2 seconds
 The product never came . I contacted Best Price Mirror twice through Amazon , giving them plenty of time to respond , and they never did . Currently filing a claim .
 I got this Radio and tried it for a few days just to reveal that it 's working only on AM in good clarity . FM was noisy and a lot of static no matter how I pointed the antenna . The TV stations hardly picked up and when it did it was only standing close to a window . The rest of the features i.e the flashlight and other non-radio worked fine . I could not bring it to the Weather mode even though we had a few very stormy days in the area . The radio remained silent with no alert.All in all ' it 's not a bargain and it 's not worth the price , not even after the discount . The only good thing in this radio - assuming it would have worked properly - is the cranking of the battery in case you 're running out of electricity and batteries .
 I purchased this radio about year and a half ago to use on my desk at the office and in power outages . I can not recommend it.SOUND QUALITY LOW - So far , I have only used it at the office . For the relatively low price , I expected that the sound quality would not be that great -LRB- since its of course an emergency / portable radio -RRB- . It is not great but not bad for the size and price of the radio . As another reviewer mentioned , this is a radio designed for things other than high quality sound . -LRB- Think AM station quality and you 'll have the right idea -RRB- . ANTENNA BROKEN - What is more bothersome is that , even though it has n't left my office and has only seen limited use , the antenna has already broken off.POWER CORD/ATTACHMENT - The power cuts out because the AC attachment wo n't stay connected properly -LRB- the charging light keeps cutting out until you adjust the cord , then it comes loose and the AC cuts out again ... over and over -RRB- . TUNING DIAL - The tuning dial seems to be difficult to turn now , again even after just limited , indoor use . It turns a little , then gets difficult to turn and you have to play with it to get it to turn further.PORTABILITY - This radio comes with a rather nice canvas bag with a shoulder strap , which I have not used but like . Its a little too snug for the radio but is convenient and looks a little like Spock 's tri-corder on the old Star Trek . So for portability this radio is a good option -LRB- if its working -RRB- . POWER OUTAGE - The power crank and other buttons on the radio are well-designed and have certainly met my expectations . A few winds and you can listen without a cord.If not for the design problems mentioned above , I actually would like this radio a lot . Basically the radio is just not durable - at least not the one that I received . I would have expected it to break if I abused it or used it in harsh conditions , but that has not been the case ; it has n't seen that much use.I have since purchased another radio , Radiosophy -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , which I like very much so far -LRB- in fact , I like it so much , I use it at home -RRB- . It has HD and preset buttons -LRB- which this radio does not have , causing me to spend too much time turning the now failing tuning dial -RRB- . But unfortunately , although it is small it is not as portable , which this one clearly is . It also does not have the crank feature for power outages - but its not intended for that purpose.I 'm going to get another radio for emergencies . But I keep seeing Eton radios and the only other one I have found is Freeplay , which I will research next . My father has a Freeplay radio with a solar panel and crank and likes it but it is an older model and is not as portable -LRB- though he does take it outside and use it without a power cord -RRB- . I should add that I am still trying and researching these radios -LRB- radiosophy and freeplay respectively -RRB- ; so I ca n't say much else about them yet.If you want a portable radio and do n't want to spend much , you can get this one -LRB- the FR400 or similar -RRB- and maybe your experience will be better than mine . Otherwise , you may want to search for a better radio and consider spending a little more.I 'd write more but I see that the power cord is loose again ... Good luck to you .
 We returned this Eton radio because it takes an unbelievable amount of cranking -- about 10 minutes per hour of use ! Not a problem if you plan to use it plugged in or just for emergencies ; but we 've lived in a home with no electricity for 30 + years so this is an important feature . Eton was fine in handling the exchange/return of product/money . We now are happy with a Freeplay radio we ordered from amazon.com which plays several hours for much much less cranking than this one required per hour .
 The functionality of this radio is fine , but design flaws make it questionable as an emergency preparedness item.It seems to get good reception , the controls are easy to use , and it has a lot of useful features , like the flashing light and cell phone charger . However , serious flaws in the design mean that I would n't rely on this for emergency use . The control switches protrude from the surface and move with light pressure , which means it 's easy to accidentally turn the radio on by jostling it and run down the batteries . This is made worse by the included case , which is very tight -LRB- I had to tear out the inner lining to get the radio to fit in it -RRB- ; it 's almost impossible to get the radio in the case without turning it on . And there 's no room in the case for the A/C adapter , cell phone charger adapter , or spare batteries . To have this ready for an emergency , you 'd need to find a different bag for it , and remember to take out the batteries each time before storing it , to prevent them from being drained , which has happened every time I 've stored this with batteries loaded.The cell phone charger adapter is not actually included ; you have to send away for it using a mail-in coupon that comes with the radio . Mine never arrived . At the least , they could include an adapter for the micro USB style connection that many current cell phone models have converged on.In short , this would be all right for a daily use item , but falls short of the reliability and usability you 'd want for an emergency preparedness item . There 's got to be a better alternative .
 Apparently there 's a huge number of `` consumer-friendly '' emergency radios out there that are marketed as these great `` emergency preparedness '' tools but which do n't quite meet real-world expectations . I , for one , really wanted a reliable weather radio that would alert us automatically when a tornado was on the way . You can indeed set this radio to do that.I also wanted a radio that could serve us during an emergency with no power , and this seemed great for that
 I 've had my FR-400 for a year now and mostly had it in its bag -- which is made too small for the unit to be taken out of and put back in . The bag is too small for the radio ! The poor design extends to the antenna which broke off today . I 've extended the antenna maybe 3x and now it 's broken . I did n't abuse it either.Another complaint is the on/off knobs protrude so far from the unit that when you try to put it in its undersized bag , they turn on and run the batteries down without your knowing.Lastly , if you 're trying to operate the generator knob with your left hand while looking at the front of it and holding the radio with your right , there are no more hands to operate the tuning knobs or volume . It might work if you had another person helping you , but if not , I 'd stay clear of this model ... maybe of Eton in general .
 I bought the camouflage version of this radio , tested it once , and stored it for emergency use . Tonight we had a power failure and pulled the radio out to use the light function . After cranking for a few minutes I discovered that every function worked EXCEPT for the light . Second use , and already part of it 's dead , and it 's the light of all things . Not impressed .
 I really wanted this radio . I like the looks of it , but I had a couple problems with it . At first it would n't charge . I could use the batteries and pick up a weather channel . Eton sent me a new rechargeable battery , and it did n't work either . Then I realized that the connector was loose . Then the charge held , but now I could n't pick up a weather channel . Not even static . The radio looked good , customer service was great , but the radio was not . I 'm afraid to buy another .
 I own about 10 different weather radios of various prices , styles , and brands . One of them is an Eton . My other Eton is a very capable radio but certainly not my best . -LRB- Read my other reviews for my opinion of which ones are -RRB- . This particular Eton I do not own , but was able to see and use up close in an electronics store . It has a nice compact design and got fairly decent reception . However for the price of it where I saw it , -LRB- $ 58 -RRB- and the price they want it for it here , its as extremely overpriced as an AM FM weather radio can get . It offers absolutely nothing in its design or performance over anything else I own to justify such an outrageous price . I think Eton seems to sucker in a lot of buyers for their radios for they are one of the oldest and best known radio company 's around . But so is `` Midland '' and their portable unit similar to this is more than $ 20 cheaper , and a whole lot more rugged as well . Take it from someone that owns a variety of such radios as this . This is not the same Eton radio your father owned and not worth it . Whether you 're interested in a radio for its AM or FM , or just for its weather , do not pay $ 60 for this unit . There are far better choices for a lot less money . Do yourself a favor and shop around ...
 Well , what I received worked well and seemed to be of descent construction , but it was n't what I ordered . I 'll change my review if the RMA works , but it seems that Eton has two models listed under 1 model number which is a terrible idea for the very reason that it causes problems like the one I 'm experiencing . For $ 60 I expect to get exactly what I ordered . A good quality TV/AM/FM and weather band radio that can run on battery or be hand cranked.Here are the tech details directly from Amazon : `` Technical Details * Hand crank power generator is ideal for emergencies * Provides you with an emergency siren , water resistant radio , LED lights , and a cell phone charger so you can contact help * Can receive power from four different sources
 It has wonderful features , but I was unable to pick up my two local NPR stations ! We tried and tried , and though we are not more than five miles from one of our local stations , there was absolutely no reception . Perhaps it was just a lemon , because I have n't read this criticism anywhere else . I may try another one , because other than that I thought it was great.Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB-
 Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB- Grundig was the TOP-OF-THE-LINE , in radios ... . From the other reviews it appears that I must have received a lemon , from the bottom of the basket.After the recommended A/C charging time , the radio played about 15 minutes . After charging , a second time for 24 hours , it played about 1.5 hours before going stone dead.When it did work , the stations failed to come in clearly or distinct . BIG BUMMER , all the way around !!!! How much fun it was to be camping , during a rainstorm , with NO light , or radio.The topper is that the cell phone charger failed to arrive before we left on a camping trip . As of this date , it is still conspicious by its absence.Grundig , where did your quality workmanship disappear ????
 If the manufacturer did n't lie in the product specification , I would give the radio a 3-star . As oppose to the manufacturer 's specification , this radio :1 -RRB- is NOT water proof . This becomes pretty apparent , once you hold a unit in your own hands ; 2 -RRB- does NOT include any cell phone charger connector ; 3 -RRB- does NOT have a really sturdy build . This becomes pretty apparent , once you hold a unit in your own hands.Also , the FM radio receiver is very crappy . I frankly do n't understand why the manufacturer did n't bother to install a decent FM radio receiver , which should n't be too much to ask in these days .
 Since I did not receive either a direction manual or a warrenty I am very dissatisfied .
 The Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio arrived in very good condition . I was very pleased with the whole transaction . The box was in excellent condition , as was the radio . I was very pleased with it . I would recommend the radio to all of my friends .
 I was really excited about this Eton hand crank radio . However , I soon realized several problems : # 1-It says to crank it at the speed of two revolutions per second for 90 seconds , and the charge should last 30 minutes . Actually , the charge only lasts 10 minutes . # 2-The cellphone adapter that the company sent me fits into my cellphone , but does not fit into the radio ! This renders it totally useless as a cellphone charger . # 3-FM channels get all staticky once you set the radio down . It seems that if you 're holding the radio , your body acts as an antenna but once you go away from it , it instantly gets all this static.To sum it all up , let me just say this -- great idea , peeps , but poor execution .
 Antenna is flimsy , and the tip broke off the FIRST TIME I tried to collapse it after use . -LRB- Feels like plastic that looks like metal . -RRB- Radio wo n't get a good signal unless standing near a window.Has `` phone charger '' port , but does n't include adapters.Overpriced . -LRB- For $ 59 , it should be a bit more `` sturdy . '' -RRB- If you 're looking for a REAL emergency radio to last you through your next crisis , this is n't it . This is just a novelty radio , similar to what you 'd win at a carnival after winning the balloon-dart game .
 i wound the crank at a steady pace for 5 minutes each time i have tried to use it . it worked twice for about 30 minutes each time , and now it does n't hold a charge for more than 15-20 seconds.it still works if i plug it into the wall or if i put batteries into it but the advertised emergency use of the hand crank generator is of no use at all . this renders it no better than any other radio for emergency use.it is quite a bit more money than other radios of similiar quality -LRB- meaning cheaply built -RRB- . i would not purchase this radio if i had it to do over .
 This radio could not even tune in stations , both AM & FM , that I can get on a walkman that 's years old . I bought a Sony ICF-SW/7600GR . I works extremely well , is compact , though it does n't have a crank and is more expensive . I got it for $ 61 on an auction site .
 I just installed these yesterday and was Extremely disappointed with the light output.If you 're in high school and you 're looking for some cheezy blue bulbs to -LRB- try to -RRB- impress a girl , you might like em.If you 're looking to illuminate the road in front of you , Go with something else.I have these in a pair of hella vision 7 '' round lights . the original 55 watt bulbs were somehow waaay brighter than these . Very Disappointing .
 The seat covers are nothing like the picture . they are baggy in all dimensions and can not be tightened . even the headrest covers have an extra 1/2 '' play . They are about as attractive as a Russian suit .
 Did not receive product . After contacting , still no response . No product and no refund . They stink !!!
 Bearing and rim breaks easily , should only use it for a wagon . Or weld the rim other to make it stronger
 i was not happy when I received this product . The picture on the website clearly shows 2 eyelets at the bottom of the floormat to be able to fit over the hook in the floor of my vehicle . -LRB- to keep it form sliding -RRB- When I received the floormat set they were obviously a cheaper knock off without the eyelets .
 This kit did not work for me . I purchased this kit when I lost my key to the locking lugs on my 20 year old f-250 . The kit arrives with very little instruction . The chrome lug nut appeared to damage the threads of the socket that fit my lug nut . After this failed , I purchased the Gator Grip ETC-125MO King Gator Socket . This socket easily took my lug nuts off .
 I ordered this and received confirmation that it was on its way.A couple of days later I get an email that they were actually outof this model and they screwed up by sending me a shipping confirmation.Then offered to sell me the updated model -LRB- for more money of course . . I refused it of course.One would think these companies would understand that when you screw upa customer 's order , its good business sense to eat some profit or evengo in the hole a little to stay in the good graces of potential customers
 Was not expecting this stuff to work miracles , and I was not disappointed . Any scratch that can be seen with the naked eye , from thread-fine swirls to paint-scuffing oh my gosh scabs , is impervious to this product . You 're better served buying scratch-off lottery tickets to gamble on paying for a repaint of the damaged panel . If you just like to rub on your car regardless of the end results , this is the product for you . Vaseline couldnt do any worse . At least that has multiple uses .
 This did not work for my needs . I had some tree sap on my car and used the soft side of a scrub brush to remove . Well needless to say that left fine scratches in the clear coat . I tried a 2 foot by 2 foot practice area , no luck . It may work for other scratches but was no help to me . Still love Mothers Stage 1 Polish and Stage 2 wax treatments.I meant to give 1 star but accidentally hit 2 and could not change .
 This line is garbage it rusted through by the back tire in 2yrs here in Chicago
 bought a pair of this about 6 months ago and the light was bright blue and shine -LRB- there was no problem with them -RRB- , but those went out . Bought another pair of them the 10th , got it yesterday and this time the light is yellow , If i would it know they were yellow , I 'd go to my nearest auto part and buy a regular one for less the cost than what i paid for this !! sooo disappointed !! i do n't know how can they do that to their costumers !!! if there was an negative number i would give it -10 !!!
 Before Amazon used to have the application number for Hella bulbs . Do n't know why , they changed it and now people have to guess what application number is every bulb , because it does n't say . Shame !!! This is no customer service.For all interested in this bulb , this is a 9004
 First let me state that I 'm an avid Amazon.com shopper . I always seem to find the best deals on Amazon.When I opened this particular item , I was a bit shocked to see that the color was not solid black or gray . Instead it was a very dark shade of gray or black with light gray specs all over it . Not sure if it was because of the tweed material or not . Amazon 's customer service department quickly refunded my money without too many questions but I have to say this was the first time that I found the picture and/or description to be misleading.I blame myself a bit too . I should of read all of the reviews . For those looking at this item , please know there are many vendors on Amazon selling the same thing . To get an accurate review , you need to search all Saddleman Seat Covers . You will see what I 'm talking about.Quality - Poor for $ 120.00 - Thin , flemsy , poor fabric . I would suggest dropping the price to $ 50 or $ 60 . Color - MisleadingDescription - MisleadingPic - MisleadingAmazon Customer Service - Outstanding as always
 Engineered to match original equipment washer pumpsDesigned to fit original windshield washer pumpIncludes Reservoir ... . DOES NOT INCLUDE RESERVOIRIncludes all mounting hardwareDO N'T HAVE A RESERVOIRpump works good but had to go to salvage yard for the tank
 Easy to color match with the instructions but I had problems with obtaining the texture . The use of a household iron , textured paper and a metal rubbing tool did not work . And I tried several times . Better off leaving it to the experts .
 This product got thick before we could even repair the small tear in our leather chair - thus leaving a thick , huge mess we are now stuck with . Do n't waste your money
 I order it for my husband for a 2001 Toyota Highlander and it does n't fit ... a lil large says the man and its does n't comes in a `` KIT '' which I thought it did ! It says so on the description . It is sooo not worth your money and all .
 American Racing wheels are expensive junk . You can expect chrome flaking off and rusting in under a year 's use , even if you do not drive in snow or ice -LRB- salty conditions -RRB- , and if you polish them regularly as I did . Good chance it is made in China , which would explain the lack of quality in these wheels .
 We have ordered the correct wheel according to the specs , but they keep sending the wrong wheel . We will be requesting a return slip .
 why would you sell wheels without center caps . dont buy this wheel or youll be searching forever for a center cap ...
 It looked nice when I removed it from the box . A few problems ... first , the lateral straps worked fine and had ample length to secure the cover . The strap that was supposed to stretch from front to back was too short by about 18 inches . Next , this `` trailerable '' cover did not survive the first trip at highway speeds . When I arrived on the other side , I found my brand new cover in tatters from the wind . I would not recommend this cover .
 Should have bought the Nissan part . Two years / ~ 20,000 miles later I will have to replace this on my wife 's car . The rubber is shot and that affects the alignment of the strut which affects the camber and caster of the wheel . Huge disappointment ! Sad part is that I just learned I paid MORE for the Moog part than I would have paid from my trusty Nissan parts source -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I have a broken end on my factory antenna wire which plugs into the head unit , so instead of trying to find a replacement end and having to solder it , I figured I 'd try this windshield mounted antenna . It did not bring in distant stations as well as the factory antenna , and it seemed to overmodulate the stations it did get . Also you have to bend the antenna slightly to get reception , so it seems like your body is actually doing the job . I tried several ground points , with and without the power wire , and nothing worked . It could be just a defective unit , but I 'm not going to waste any more time on this type .
 If you have a HD radio , Pontiac Aztek , or both ... this is the antenna you need . The antenna works great and pulls in stations that I could not get . It also links to HD stations quickly . Installation was easy . I used the old wire to pull the new one through . Make sure to hook the ground wire to a good spot .
 I bought this for the boat and being as exposed as it is on the water with little to no interference , this does not work well . Scratchy reception and I find myself using the ipod . Replacing it with a regular auto antenna .
 Use this only if you have no other choice . Works better than no antenna but if at all possible use an exterior anntenna .
 I put a new JVC HD radio in my truck , because the stock radio was having reception problems . Turned out it was the stock antenna that was bad , so I thought I 'd replace it with this , rather than going to the dealer to get parts and fix the stock antenna . Hooked up both the ground and the power source for this antenna . Still no AM reception . FM was about the same as before . This antenna seems to do little or nothing . I do n't recommend it .
 Installed new radio from Alpine into 04 Highlander -LRB- professionaly -RRB- . Stock Antenna started to have some statick . Was looking for the best replacment antenna , got this one . Stock was much better . So do not waste your money , as I did .
 Bought this to replace a broken power antenna . I looked on Amazon and saw this and figured it was worth a try . It was n't . We live in Seattle with many many stations on FM and AM . After hooking this up to our JVC head unit , we could not pick up any station on an auto scan . I was able to tune them in manually , but the reception was horrible . I saw in the reviews that many people had disconnected the power wire , so I tried it without the booster . Double checked the ground wire , Still horrible reception , still no stations on the auto scan . Bottom line - you may be one of the lucky people that this works for , but I would not recommend it at all .
 It came with no instructions . Pretty simple hook up , but nonetheless ... basic diagram would have been nice . Also there is no mention of the amperage it draws -LRB- what sort of fuse to use -RRB- . I imagine it is very small , but would n't have killed them to include it . I hooked it up and thought GREAT , fired it up and waited ... and waited for something to come through ... Nothing . So I went to check my power and ground then the station came through . Better and better depending on how close I was to it . NOT GOOD ENOUGH . I 'm annoyed that I wasted my time and money on this .
 would have been nice if it would have worked , had to go back to the old antenna , time expired so i could not return
 This is the worst out of all my experiences with antennas !!! I am some what of an audio freak so I have alot of experience with antennas and I could not stand the crappy signal that I COULD NOT receive with this hunk-o-junk !!! I tried multiple mounting areas and the best signal I picked up was n't good enough to even listen to comfortably let alone support my hd radio !!! I would not recommend this product to any one !!! The signal pick up with the power amp hooked up is no better than with out it hooked up and they are both HORRIBLE !!!
 If you were to use this for a Toyota Corolla , you 'd be disappointed . Certainly not made for it . The wiring on the corolla is so very different when compared to this one . Probably works well with other cars .
 Not much to say here except you get what you pay for . If you want pegs that ca n't really be placed where you want them , are cheap feeling , will scratch your bars and will move when you use them no matter how tight they are , well , these are your pegs . I regret buying them .
 It looked nice when I removed it from the box . A few problems ... first , the lateral straps worked fine and had ample length to secure the cover . The strap that was supposed to stretch from front to back was too short by about 18 inches . Next , this `` trailerable '' cover did not survive the first trip at highway speeds . When I arrived on the other side , I found my brand new cover in tatters from the wind . I would not recommend this cover .
 very bad quality tools i would recamend you buy a more expensive tool because i got what i paid for
 These Came extremely pitted and the edges are high on the dinging spoon . The case which was n't a huge deal is flimsy , even compared to the few other chinese tool sets I own . The black paint rubs off on your hands , has bad runs , goes over the working surface in areas .
 Physically it bolted on , but the electrical connector was totally different so made jumper wires which I connected to the same positions , but that did not work either . It only cost $ 20 and is hardly worth my time to send back . I may have and alternator shop check it out to see if it can be made to work with an adapter plug for less than a new one .
 ordered March 1,2012 ... as of March 6,2012 the product still has NOT shipped , I need a hitch on my Ranger so I can tow my boat to the lake
 This is a auto/air power adapter that inverts DC power into a standard AC power receptacle.I picked up this adapter after being unable to find a tip to use on my Compaq900 notebook for use with a universal adapter . This product is truly universal . But it does n't seem to have enough power at 75watts and the special power save feature is annoying . It also means more stuff out of your laptop bag as you still need you regular power supply to plug into the adapter . But if it worked the whole flight it would be great . The problem is that it does n't . It works fine in a car . But I purchased it for the air . On a flight out to SFO -LRB- A321 -RRB- to CLT , I plug in the unit . Then I plug my notebook power supply into that . All is great , the notebook shows AC power and I 'm off battery watching a DVD . About 1.5 hours into the flight the unit shows a red light and now refuses to charge . I tried another outlet but no luck . Now my wife is in a seat ahead of me using a regular auto/air adapter with her Thinkpad and it is working fine . But mine will not deliver power . You see the unit has this `` smart '' feature that makes it refuse to draw power if the source supply drops below 11.5 WDC . So it cuts off . It blinks and charges for like 10 mins about 2 hours latter . Luckily , between the first hour on power and the battery I am up and working the whole trip but I was very disappointed by how it would stop.On the return flight , again on a USAir A321 it does the same thing . About 1.5 hours into the flight it stops working . And again my wife 's cheaper unit is working fine . -LRB- BTW , I was 1st going out and Coach on the return and I noticed on the return that the entire plane had power ports , not just 1st . So do n't let people tell you that the power ports are only in first . -RRB- Now , I do n't know whether or not to blame the plane , the unit , or my notebook for drawing too much power . But it is obvious that something is n't working right here .
 I bought this bender because it has 4 sizes instead of 3 . The pics of this bender are terrible , I assumed the part that you bend the pipe around was some kind of metal , nope the whole thing is plastic . It seems very flimsy . I did bend a brake pipe with it , and it did work . But I kept thinking it was going to break the whole time I was using it . So they wont refund the shipping and it seems I am stuck with the cheap piece of junk until it gets dropped and shatters . NEVER AGAIN WILL I BUY THROUGH AMAZON.SCAM
 I used this paint to paint my rear calipers on my car . The paint took forever to dry -LRB- months , YES ... believe it -RRB- . It took so long that I had to paint one side with the caliper on the car to avoid down time and because I had one side already painted . Also when I had to bleed my calipers . . about a year later , the paint came off in a nasty goo like fashion . The paint would have been the perfect color BUT the actual paint sucked bad . Would n't recommended it to anyone . There are better caliper paints out there .
 The picture shows it covering the entire space between the second row of seats and the rear hatch . However , the actual product only covers where the third row goes . The third row has to be folded down , so it covers about half of the cargo area , which is not particularly useful .
 This is a complete piece if crap . It worked for all of 5-minutes and the manufacturer would have nothing to do with a repair or replacement .
 Please do not buy this Orbital Buffer . It lasted 1 1/2 cars and quit . It vibrates terribly when you are using it . It is just a poorly constructed buffer . I tried to contact turtle wax by email but they have never returned my message .
 Now bright enough . Do n't buy it . I am very disappointed . Get the old fashioned kind and do n't be incised by the pretty style of these lights .
 I have put the ISO grip on three other motorcycles in the past . It is a nice product . Looks great and is very comfortable . I purchased this last set from AMAZON as it was the lowest price and free shipping . AMAZON used a vendor named , POWESERSPORT SUPERSTORE . Item was quickly shipped . However it was defective as they shipped two left grips -LRB- no right throttle grip -RRB- in package . POWERSPORT SUPERSTORE took seven days to respond to my complaint with a return authorization . It has been an additional week since item was shipped back to the vendor . I have not received a replacement , refund , nor any contact from POWERSPORT SUPERSTORE . Have filed a protest with AMAZON . If you want this item DO NOT purchase from AMAZON and/or POWERSPORT SUPERSTORE . For a few dollars more use Meancycle or Custom Cruiser which I have a great history with . Sometimes the lowest price is not the best deal . Having replaced the grips three times in the past , I knew how to do the install . I removed the old grips -LRB- left grip must be cut off the cycle -RRB- before opening the package from POWERSPORT SUPERSTORE and finding the problem . Now my cycle has been sitting unusable for over two weeks while I await service from POWERSPORT SUPERSTORE . I am now ordering from Cutom Cruiser so I can get my bike on the road . Who knows when AMAZON/POWERSPORT SUPERSTORE will replace or refund my purchase . POWERSPORT SUPERSTORE = Poor service . DO NOT use this vendor !
 The rod broke quickly after we hung 10 to 12 items on it . The plastic used to hang the rod is far to flimsey to hold more than a few items . I tried to repair ir with duct tape , but that did n't work . As far as I am concerned , it was a total waste of money !
 Smell of the rubber is awful ! I even tried washing it with soap and water . I removed the rubber but now the hangars slide .
 You could only put a few hangers on the bar before it would fall because of two much weight . The plastic ends are a bad design . If they were metal it could hold the weight . I decided to use rope to hold the bar up , it worked well for my cross country trip . The bar itself is extremely heavy duty , it 's ashame the attachment ends are not .
 Have had TWO of these break . Can not handle much weight . Looks heavy duty but is far from it . Stay away from this one .
 The plastic clips hangers on the ends will not hold ten pounds of clothing . The clips bend straight when very little pressure is applied . Extremely poor design .
 I had a full rack of clothing and it was secured per instructions . Traveled from MA to FL . The pole was good -LRB- it did it 's job -RRB- until I hit warm weather . The warm weather allowed the end plastic clips to bend and the pole fell from it 's secured position . This happened several times . I 've got to figure out how to fix this problem . The pole itself is good . The end clips are subject to bending in warm weather . If you travel in warm weather DO NOT PURCHASE , you will be disappointed .
 I ordered this product and after I fought with it for a while found out it was make about 3 inches too long !!! I got online and started reading reviews on motion pro clutch cables and a lot of people have complained there cables where 1-4 inches to long also ! I will not be ordering from motion pro again ! It was a useless part after it wouldnt fit ... kinda need to be to specification !
 `` Half-Abortions '' there is no Zygote , Embryo , or Fetus -LRB- AKA Human Life -RRB- to abort , it is a woman 's cycle . This is a completely stupid bumper stick and a very poor attempt at being offensive or even awareness raising .
 They modified the scent of this . It used to be the best . It is horrible now . What were they thinking ?
 I am with the other reviewers on this product , in the words of Jay Sherman -LRB- The Critic -RRB-
 I could n't get enough of this scent , until they messed it up . It completely stinks , now .
 I must add my vote to these accurate reviews . The old `` New Car Scent '' was a one-of-a-kind . There simply was not a better car scent on the market.The new `` New Car Scent '' has a nondescript aroma that is indeed more like Windex than anything else . hopefully the company will get word of these reviews and advertise that it is changing back to the original.i own five bottles of the original -LRB- I stocked up on a whim -RRB- , and they are among my most prized possessions.Dear Auto expressions
 This new car scent used to be the best , but now ... NOT ! It is horrible ... I even wrote the company about it . I wish they would bring it back ... its smell was GREAT , but now it smells like windex ... i have just about tried everything else and it does not bring a smell even close to that ... i have one last bottle of the new car scent and I wo n't even spray it -LRB- just smell it -RRB- because there are no originals left ... sucks ! The only other car scent I know that is refreshing is a collision shop that my friend owns ... and he wo n't give the scent unless i need a job every red moon ... sucks ... some kind of friend ... but anyways why would they change the scent ? i used to buy at least 2-3 times a week which result in a profit for them ... but who knows ? we need more people to petition to change it back immediately ... i tried critically thinking about every issue ... maybe it was harmful ... maybe they used some of the old techniques of the `` new car scent '' , but whatever ... i want it back ... that is what made me love my baby -LRB- car -RRB- because of that smell ... i have to agree with almost every review that is against auto expressions newest car scent product ... If anyone comes across a similar scent ... please let me know ... thanks !
 Originally , the Auto Expressions `` New Car '' scent was the best new car air freshener scent on the market . It had just the right freshening quantities , however that has changed . It appears that AE has monkeyed with formula and changed it to something that no longer represents anything remotely like a new car smell . I know that I am not being fair to `` monkeys '' here , but even they would not create a scent like this one ... or maybe they would !
 Have you ever heard the saying if it aint broke dont try to fix it !?!? I also bought the rest of the bottles at AutoZone when I started finding the orginal spray hard to find . The dude at the counter looked at me a little funny but as soon as I misted this stuff in the air he understood why I was buying all of them . Maybe we can figure out the formula and create it ourselves !!! Just went to Auto Exspressions Website and contacted them about this `` new formula '' and how it smells bad . I also mentioned how the orginal spray was not only auto exspressions best scent but the best scent on the market ! I will update this review when I get a response as to what they are going to do to bring back our orginal scent . And NO I HAVENT FOUND ANYTHING EVEN CLOSE TO THE ORGINAL SCENT ... A BIG FAT BOOOOOOOOOO TOOO AUTO EXSPRESIONS `` NEW '' CAR SCENT !!!!!!
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 I ordered the mirror and checked off all the details -LRB- car model , year , etc. -RRB- . When I got the mirror , it did not fit . Luckily I have a family friend who was able to spend an hour grinding it down so it would .
 They are not black . Its not what I wanted . I asked for black tips , and the one I got where chrome , not black .
 This item is not what you think . You will get one light and a sticker only even thought the description plainly states.Product Features5 inch round housing100 watt Halogen bulbOptical quality glass lens for maximum clarity and light projectionPrecision polished and focused reflectorBell shaped mounting system Systems include 2 Lights , Complete Wiring Harness with 40 Amp Relay and illuminated KC Switch .
 For my aging 2000 Acura TL , I thought this would be a good part to use when it was time to replace the rotors because of its price . However , when the mechanic tried to install it , he said the size was n't quite right and thus he was n't able to use it . He said he 's used products from this manufacturer before and they usually work fine . Since I was n't there , I 'm not 100 % sure if the mechanic was being truthful.I 'm assuming that the company might have some quality control issues and I just got a bad set . It 's made in that big Asian country and the box they used to ship seemed pretty flimsy and contained almost no information.At the current Amazon price and if you have the time , it might be worth the risk to see if you get a good batch . Because of the urgency I had buy the more &#34; genuine &#34; part for 2x the price from the service shop .
 I have to say that I do n't see the results so many other purchasers of this product professed to have seen . Frankly , I was very disappointed . I tried everything from brand new , lint free cleaning cloths to newspaper to soft paper towels and I wound up with streaks after all attempts . Frankly , I think I got about the same results with plain old Windex . I would not buy this product again .
 I used this product on the windows on both my vehicles . Its easy to spray on and wipe off . I followed up by using a second clean cloth to wipe the window down again . For the first 3-4 days the windows look really clear and clean , but after that the windows begin to fog up and require a third wipe down with a clean cloth . So , in the end I sprayed it on , wiped down the windows , wiped them down again immediately after , and finally wiped them down 4 days later to keep them clear.Edit - After using the product on two separate vehicles for almost two months I ended up throwing out the product . I had to clean the windows on my vehicles every 3-4 days to keep them from fogging up and greatly inhibiting my view through windows or mirrors . I would not recommend this product for automotive uses .
 I bought this out of curiosity , despite fair warning that KC products are `` toy-level . '' Yep , it 's a red version of their -LRB- very poor -RRB- front fog light . It does not even come close to meeting the photometric standards for a rear fog lamp , which are completely different than those for a front fog -LRB- its job is to keep you from being rear ended , while not blinding overtaking vehicles -RRB- . Shone on a wall , it displays a horizontal bar , typical of a front fog light , though it 's a very raggedy bar -LRB- typical of KC -RRB- . Yes it 's fairly bright with its 35 watt H3 bulb . I may be able to mount this and with VERY careful aiming , use it as a rear fog - sort of . But it 's MUCH better to buy a true rear fog from Hella , Ring , Peterson , Truck-lite or any other legitimate European or American manufacturer . The European -LRB- and now American by virtue of UN agreement -RRB- standard for a rear fog would make the light shone on a wall resemble a thick cross or plus sign . The photometrics are not the same as those of a brake light , but overlap enough that it 's possible to make a lamp which meets the standards for both . The bottom line here is
 This Item was recieved quickly but was just a shattered peice of useless glass when it got here , thanks alot
 It was not what it was advertised as . The size was not the same as the year of the car . I had t modify to make it fit . I did not want t have to ship back
 Product performs as advertised . Bright light , good reach . Does the job nicely if you do n't wish to spend obscene amounts of money for lights the size of dinner plates.Update
 Do n't waste your time , my 5 D-cell mag lite puts out more light . I purchased what I thought was a set , when it came in there was only 1 light . So I had to order another one . When the other light came in I mounted wired them both on my truck . That night I went out to adjust the lights , I turned them on and I could not tell if they were on or not until I turned my headlights OFF . At the price I paid for these -LRB- $ 72 plus s & h -RRB- they should have been brighter .
 The part received does not fit the drivers side if my '99 chevy PU . The lamp housing is shaped correctly for the hole , however , the bracket assembly is positioned incorrectly and does nor flange up with the bolt holes . I have tried repeatedly to get a correct replacement part from the vendor without success .
 Looking for hitch cover for my Chevy truck , 87 % off -LRB- $ 79 for $ 12 -RRB- for a billeted aluminium Chevy Bowtie . Beautiful in appearence , metal 2 '' bar to screw onto the billeted aluminium bowtie . -LRB- RIGHT -RRB- The screws appeared to not even be for this hitch . Any , even slow attempt to thread the screws in the pre-tapped aluminium caused it to cross thread -LRB- metal filings -RRB- . After much patience , i got the 4 screws to barely grab . Looked good in the hitch until 2 weeks later when the dealer washed my truck -LRB- pads that rub the body -RRB- and gone was the Chevy Bowtie -LRB- only thing left was the 2 '' metal bar with 4 screws barely sticking out -RRB- . I had contacted the maker when i originally received this item and no response to my email . Contacted Amazon when i first got it -LRB- sharing my feelings -RRB- and again once after i lost it . Amazon is sending me another eventually . I hope i just got a bad one . PS - i paid under $ 12 for the original -LRB- i thought a deal -RRB- , when i lost it a replacement was $ 28.00 + and now the Bowtie goes for $ 57.00 +
 This part is of very poor quality . It 's not even close to OEM . The rubber is very thin and there is no ridge on the end flanges to keep the band from coming off.And , although they provide this inner band -LRB- shown -RRB- there is no outer band , spring clip or anything to secure the outer end of the part.Lastly , the OEM parts left and right bellows are different -LRB- at least for my vehicle -RRB- , the right side part being longer by about 2 pleats -LRB- the rack moves out further on the right side -RRB- . This `` right side '' K9367 part is exactly the same as the left side part , K9306.The OEM boots are also used in some Honda Odyssey vans , but I found my local Acura dealer had the better pricing . . $ 22 for the right side -LRB- 53534-SB4-305 -RRB- and $ 25 for the smaller left side -LRB- 53534-SB4-000 -RRB- . Check to make sure what OEM part fits your car .
 The product description claimed to fit a 2005 f-350 this is not the case ! The rotor is not for the rear . After disasembling and removing old rotor and lining up with bendix prt5258 claiming to be rear rotor compleatley different size . So before you order this thinking it will fit a rear brake aplaction it will not !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Do n't buy this mine worked for a day and then crapped out ... . I tried new batteries and everything . Did n't bother returning . I wish I would have now but I thought i could get it to work , no such luck . Spend your $ $ on something else .
 Build instructions consisted of a few random pages on tuning plus a photocopied blowup schematic of the carb . taken from Holly 's original manuals . The photocopy was so poor that it could not be read.Box contained the wrong power valve for the carb .
 Bought one at a local store because I needed it quick . Paid $ 2 more than at Amazon . Product did n't have a socket that would fit my 13/16 lugs even though it was marked as having one . My belief is that the sockets were mis-sized or the extra paint they put on it prevented it from fitting . As well I noticed that some of the socket holes were not centered on the bar leaving the socket side wall thinner on one side . All in all I was not impressed by the quality so I took it back and just used a socket and breaker bar to get the tire off . If you ca n't trust their quality control getting the socket sizes correct and centered how can you trust their metallurgy ?
 They worked good , while they worked . One of them burned out in just over a month . They were much brighter than factory , due to them being 30 watts more , but they were not that yellow . I would suggest a different product .
 lasted 7 months lifting 225 # . relunctantly bought a replacement and it did not work at all out of the box ! crap . do not buy !
 I bought 2 of these for my garage . They functioned fine until after a few months one quit working . I did not bother sending it back because it wasnt worth the effort . The other quit working before it was a year old . Neither works with battery or AC power . I wish had saved my money and used a tennis ball on a string instead of this gadget .
 This thing is completely unreliable . I tried a variety of sensor heights and distances , and THREE DIFFERENT CARS . I moved everything else away from the sensor but the red light would not come on . I could have driven right through the wall without it telling me to stop.Apparently , based on the other reviews , a few people have gotten lucky , but there are also plenty of other people like me for whom it would not work at all . The odds are n't in your favor .
 The new model has two sensors as opposed to one larger sensor on the original model . The original is problem free while the new seems to have problems finding the car .
 I 've owned this device for about six months now . I installed it according to manufacturer 's recommendations . My garage is clean and new . The device is unable to reliably detect the position of our honda odyssey . It appears to calibrate the initial position fine , which is about 3 feet from the wall . But any subsequent attempts to park only produce a yellow light as I get less than a foot from the wall . I presume that it is a problem with the sharp nose of our van . I rigged up a bracket to angle the transmitter at about a 45 degree angle from the wall at a height of about five feet from the floor in hopes of reflecting the ultrasound better off the angled hood of our van , but this only marginally improved things . Overall , I ca n't rely on it to safely park our car . I should have returned it .
 I think it is really unpleasing to have the power outlet and it is a real pain to have to worry about batteries ... I do n't think it 's worth the price . I then found a ParkingTarget -LRB- ParkingTarget.com -RRB- which is non-technical , so it does n't need power , and seems to work much better . You should consider it before making the mistake of buying this really expensive one .
 Installed this item , but instead of allowing me to pull all the way into the garage before the red light comes on , the red light comes on with my truck sticking 2 feet out of the garage . Tried to reset several times and rework it . Still stoped me too far back . The battery operated version of this item states the batteries should last for up to a year - yeah , right . I have to change the batteries every month or 2 .
 I found this `` precision parking device '' on clearance sale at Target for $ 5 , so I figured I 'd give it a try . You know the truism/cliche '' you get what you pay for '' ? It definitely applies here . Construction is cheap , design is awkward . Even $ 5 was too much to pay for this craptastic device . Mine worked fine for a week or two , then sporadically for another week before it failed completely and was moved to the trash ... `` precisely '' where it belongs . Do n't waste your money !
 Do n't think much of it . PZ - 1500 goes thru batteries in one day . Discharges them and then inoperable with just the flashing red light . Seems to work OK on 120vac adapter furnished with it . I ca n't use this though because I have no outlet in the near vicinity of the PZ , So the PZ 1500 was just a waste of money for me .
 Intermitant operation , sometimes it senses the vehicle , sometimes not . When it senses , it works as described . The green LEDs need to be much brighter.I found no onsite tech support .
 Does not accurately position auto the same place any time . Tried to contact company - all lines disconnected . I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing .
 I bought the Park-Zone PZ-1500 Platinum Edition parking aid for my wife in early March of 2005 from Amazon.com.Installation and initial calibration was quick and easy , and it worked fine for about a couple of weeks . Then it started going nuts with the lights winking in random order . After that , it started flashing red indicating it needs new batteries . So I put a fresh set of batteries in the unit , recalibrated it , and we were good to go until a couple of days ago . That 's when it would have a solid yellow light that would stay on for minutes at a time . Now it flashes red , and is telling me it wants fresh batteries . No more batteries for this dud . I was planning on using the AC adapter once I got an electrical outlet installed nearby ; but that is a moot point now.The Park-Zone receives my `` Just say NO to Chinese made crap ! '' seal of disapproval.If you want an effective parking aid that will positively park your car in the same place everytime , then -LRB- ... -RRB- They come in yellow or blue . The curb may cost more than the Park-Zone , and the shipping is not free ; but the curb works . I have one for my truck and compact tractor , and I just ordered one for my wife 's car . Just be certain you can drill 3/4 '' holes in concrete for the lead lag shields to secure the curb to the floor .
 Well , I had wanted this for a long time . Just got one for Christmas and could n't wait to get it installed . We followed all the instructions , even measured . But if I did n't have the sense to stop short of the wall , I would have hit it because the light never turned on . If it did turn on , it would turn on way too late . Poor produdct , : -LRB-
 This thing really does n't work . The red light went on AFTER I hit everything I was trying to avoid . Go VERY SLOW or you will end up on the other side of your garage wall . I now use mine as a stopper for the front wheel . Save yourself some money and buy a tennis ball and some string .
 I purchased 2 of the Park Zone 1500 based on my neighbors experience with an older model . The older model has one sensor and works great all of the time . The new model that I received has two sensors and works sporadically at best . I have at least twenty holes in the wall from trying to get a suitable location for the sensors . I have a car and a minivan and when I enter the garage with either , end up backing in and out several times just to get the unit to light up . My neighbors goes from green to yellow then red every time . Very disappointed .
 This is really a piece of junk . It went bad on the 3rd day of use . The red light keeps flashing . Reset wo n't work .
 I went through 3 devices before giving up . Great concept ; totally unreliable when it works at all .
 Tie a plastic golf ball on a string and tie it to the celing of your garage . Position your car where you normally park and lower the ball until it hits your windshield . Price .25 cents . HAHA . But seriously . This item stinks . It works 1/2 the time . Has a VERY ANNOYING clicking along with it . CLICK CLICK CLICK . . AWWWWWWW Cheap plastic . Dont drop it , it will break . Makes sence seeing it was made in Japan .
 I had to replace my old park zone and bought this one . I did n't realize that this was not exactly the same as the older version . It looked the same but it did not work the same . When I installed it on the wall , I was able to calibrate it with no problems . The lights blinked as it should and thought I was ready to go . When I came home from work , the lights did not light up at all as I tried to park the car . I recalibrated and tried again but the lights would not come on . I decided to return the item . It was not the same as the older version . Unfortunately the old version is no longer available .
 I still have my original PZ-1100 which has worked fine . However ... when I needed a second one ... I bought the PZ-1500 . The first thing I noticed was that it had 2 sensors . This proved to be very difficult to position as it has a WIDE area the it senses ... as opposed to the one sensor unit.Recently it stopped working and I discovered the power supply was bad . Thinking that it merely had failed I reverted to using batteries . There is something wrong in the unit -LRB- which undoubtably blew the power supply -RRB- because it ` eats ' a new set of batteries in 3 days !!! It is out of warrantee and I will not send it back for repairs.I thought that I might get another PZ-1100 ... but I see that it now also has 2 sensors ... and from all the customer reviews ... ` eats ' batteries . The OLD PZ-1100 was a good unit and the battery life has been exceptional.Too bad the design has changed ... and for that reason I guess I will go back to the tennis ball for my wife 's car . I notice from reading all the customer reviews that I am not alone in my thinking and that many people wish they could also get the OLD PZ-1100 . I would NOT recommend buying either Park Zone !!!!
 I purchased the Park-Zone PZ-1500 for my Father-in-Law for father 's day and upon installing the device in his garage found that it would not work . He installed the unit where an identical one was once mounted which finally died after about 12 years of operation , however the new parking device , despite several attaempts would not function . I will be returning it for a refund .
 My husband purchased one for me for christmas 2004 . It worked for a short time . Approximately for a month , now it does n't do anything . Now the return policy is over and I can not get the refund . Great while it worked but I agree that a bobber on a string touching the windshield is much cheaper and has done the job for the last 11 years .
 I tried this unit for about two weeks and finally returned it.The unit never seems to sense the car properly as it enters the garage . The green light never came on while approaching , and then finally the yellow would light shortly followed by the red . The performance was intermittent , in my opinion , and we decided that placing a mark on the wall was just as good and costs nothing . I ca n't recommend this device based on it 's sub-par performance.Data
 first . no instructions in the box . nothing . not even a single slip of papersecond . defective . did not work . at all . despite days of tryingthird . website was terrible . no online instruction manual . hardly any information at all . just a download . pdf of a picture of the outside of the box.fourth . `` customer support '' is a joke . wrote an email asking for help with the product . no reply . nothing.in conclusion , its a worthless pieces of junk . i would give it zero stars if i could .
 Well I ordered the -LRB- 2 -RRB- PZ-1500 , because I had this model in the past and it worked . However , I received -LRB- 2 -RRB- PZ-1900 . The PZ-1500 has two sonar transmitters and cost about $ 4.50 more than the PZ-1900 . The PZ-1900 has only one transmitter and I ca n't get it to work as it is detailed in the instructions . I basically wasted my money.Park Zone PZ-1900 Platinum Dual Power Garage Parking Aid
 First I ordered the product on the 3rd of the month . I did n't received until the 16th or so which `` Ticked me off . `` The directions are very sketchy . I hooked it up , and it did n't work . I could only get it to work correctly when I connected it on a cabinet door . When the garage opens the light from the garage door opener makes it difficult to see the lights . Only the green and red appear to work.In fairness , my friend has one and it appears to work great . For me , I 'm going back to the tennis ball .
 I tried 2 different units and was unable to get either of them to work satisfactorily considering the price . The units were installed per instructions , with a 6 foot distance to one of the cars , and 10 foot distance to the other . They would work some of the time , other times could n't get them to sense the car . Returned for refund .
 When I read the installation instructions on this unit , I discovered that the installation requires some pretty specific conditions . My garage does not fit those limitations . I can not speak to how the unit works as I did n't install it , however , I think the manufacturer should list the installation condition requirements in their description . Unless you have a clear , unobstructed , full wall in front of your cars and can park them back 1.5 to 3 feet from the wall , then this unit will not function in your garage -LRB- according to the directions -RRB- .
 With all of the positive ratings this item got I thought it was a great idea . But now that I have this item installed I find it to be very unreliable . It might just be my unit but at times the yellow light will stay on even though the car is in place , or the red light will turn on too soon . I have even experienced no lights at all . For an inexpensive alternative stick with the tennis ball , or 2x4 wheel stop .
 After about 6 months of erratic operation -LSB- even on the AC power supply -RSB- , and burning up alkaline batteries quickly , it was finally placed to rest in the appropriate trash receptacle . Save your money , hang a tennis ball on a string and align it with the place you wish to park your car . You will regret buying this thing - believe me now - or believe me later - your choice .
 We purchased two parkzones . One we sent it back already and the other one sits on the wall with dead batteries.You ca n't use 2 in the same garage as they interfere with each other . Batteries do n't last longer than 1 month and yellow to red indications are inconsistent . Sometimes the red indicator does n't come on until you are inches from the wall , other times the back end of the car is still blocking the garage door from closing . At times the unit does n't come on at all ???? I do n't recommend this unit unless you want to risk crunching the garage door onto your car or drive into the wall of your garage .
 This comes with a surprisingly long `` instructions '' pamphlet which mostly just goes on and on and on about how this is so easy to install . And it is very easy . Just put it up , plug it in , and it calibrates automatically.The trouble is , if that does n't work , the complete lack of things you can do renders it entirely useless . I wasted hours trying to move the car , change the position of the sensor , unplug and replug to get it to recalibrate , etc. and no matter what I did , it consistently proved useless . Most of the time the lights do n't even come on , or it gets to yellow when I 'm all the way in the garage , but sometimes it goes to red while I 'm still barely with the nose in.The only really useful suggestion they offer for how to correct this kind of problem is to change the height of the sensor , but they provide very little by way of guidelines of what height to move it to . I followed their guidelines , then tried various other heights . For my efforts , I now have a lot of unnecessary screw-holes in my wall . None of them helped , though.For all I know , I got a bad unit somehow , but in their quest to make this easy to install by removing all control the user has over it , they made it impossible to even tell . If you get lucky and it happens to be able to find your car like they intend , you 'll get great use from this . If you do n't , there wo n't be a single thing you can do about it . Feeling lucky ?
 I purchased one of the parkzone in March 2003 . It worked fine . I was so impressed that I ordered another for the other side of my garage . It too worked for a period of a month , then started acting up . I reset it changed battery to no avail.I then calledMeasurement Specialties to find out what was wrong and was inform that you ca n't used two in the same garage . I informed them it had worked for a month . They said that some when tested did for awhile . So I 'm stuck with it . No refund by Amazon.com because of the 30 day policy on returns and no refund from Measurement Specialties.For this reason I gave it a one !!!
 I 've owned this item for over a year . The problem I find with it is that is is not accurate when you are trying to park close to the wall it is attached to . This defeats the purpose for me . I do n't think most people have no problem parking within two feet from a wall . If you want to get inches away from a wall this may not help you .
 This product could be a great aid in parking your car in your garage without hitting the back wall but , it does not work at distances closer than 1 foot . I need to bring the front bumper of my car to within 1 to 2 inches of the device . The Park-Zone turns red when I come closer than 12 inches . I had to resort to a block of wood that I feel as I come within 2 inches of the back wall . Bottom line
 -LRB- This review is for the battery powered model -RRB- In 2001 I bought two Park-Zone PZ-1100 battery powered devices , one for each of my cars . To this day they work flawlessly . The batteries last about a year . In 2008 I bought a new PZ-1100 for my mother , but it did n't work correctly it had all the symptoms described by other reviewers - green light never comes on , yellow and red only occasionally . So I tried another new one , exact same symptoms . Then I noticed a visible difference between the new units and my older units . The current PZ-1100 has two 1/2 inch ultrasonic speakers , whereas my older PZ-1100 had a single one inch speaker . I also noticed a slight change in the company name ; the original single speaker models were made by Measurement Specialties in Fairfield , NJ . The newer dual-speaker models are made by Measurement LTD , Inc. in Parsippany , NJ . I suspect there has been an ownership change . I decided to try and find an older Park-Zone like my original units . I found several people selling the older version of PZ-1100 which has the single speaker . You can tell whether it 's the old or new by the photo on the box . Even though the boxes look identical , if you look closely at the picture on the box you can see if the transmitter has one or two speakers . I recently purchased a single-speaker PZ-1100 and it works great just like my original units . I bought another one from a different seller and it also works great . I 'll give one to my mother and keep the other as a spare . In case anyone is tempted by the AC powered models , check out their user instructions and you 'll discover that if the power fails it will not automatically switch to battery power , so you will lose your settings . I briefly lose AC power several times a year so for me the battery powered model is actually more reliable . And no you wo n't crash into your wall if the batteries go dead , because either you 'll see a flashing red light as you enter the garage , or it will be completely dead . Either way when you do n't get that reassuring green light as you enter your garage you 'll know you have to park it the old fashioned way this time . Since that only happens about once a year it 's not a big deal . *** Updated 2-21-09 *** Another reviewer -LRB- Theseus on February 7 , 2009 -RRB- made an excellent point that Park Zone is n't designed to get you within inches of your wall , since the mimimum range is 1.3 feet . As long as that 's not your situation , I find that Park Zone very accurately places my cars in the exact spot every time , giving me the exact clearance that I want at both the front and rear of my cars . Before Park Zone I was always worried that I had n't pulled my car far enough into the garage , but with Park Zone I do n't even look when I close the automatic garage door , after several years of use it has never put me in the wrong spot .
 This device works well -- if there is nothing in the garage to interfere with the operation . You need to have a completely clear field on both sides -LRB- not just directly ahead -RRB- or it just wont work . A good idea , but could use a much narrower field of `` vision '' to work in most garages , especially if your garage has other items -LRB- i.e. freezer , storage shelves -RRB- which will interfere with the operation . I am sad that it does n't work better , but I found a piece of tape on the floor of the garage that I can line up with a piece or tape on the inside of my car door works better -- and every time !
 I live in a townhome so I have a very small one car garage . I have a small tool chest and workbench along the back of the garage and there is really only wnough room for my car . I honestly only have about a 6 inch space between my car and the garage door and my tool chest . As you can understand , I need something to make sure my car is in the same exact place every day . I bought this from Brookstone in a mall around christmas time of last year . It only worked for a couple of months and now it doesnt light up at all . You can click the only button at the top to reset it , but it does not remember the setting . I unplugged it and then it started to work for a couple of days and now if you back up it seems to work when it shows green , then it shows yellow and as you slowly back up it starts to blink a couple of times and shuts off . Now I just open my door and stop a couple of inches in front of a crack in my garage.It is a better buy to get one of those things on the ground which your tires sit in , or even make a mark on your wall to figure out when you are in a good spot .
 I am very disapointed in mine.I was expecting it to be very accurate , but it does n't work if you try to park closer than a foot from the wall.I have a large vehicle , and I need to get within 6 inches of my wall . This device WILL NOT work with that close of a range.Also I have been having to reset it alot -LRB- maybe because I am pulling up too close . -RRB- I think I 'll just keep pulling up until I hear it crunch !
 I was hesitent to buy this product because of the reviews I read but I thought I will give it a try anyway.I bought this for my dad and it has not worked right since we installed it.The green or yellow lights never come on and the red light only comes on sometimes and at the wrong time.Do yourself a favor , do n't buy this product .
 I purchased 2 of these -- Both worked initially -LRB- when you come into the garage at a very slow pace -RRB- -- now only 1 works and it seems that the company went out of buisness or something cause I ca n't find a contact # that works for them !
 I have had this item for over two years and it sometimes works and mostly doesnt , usually falls off the wall . Great idea , product needs improvement .
 dosnt work all the time when it does it is helful . but overall not the best product
 Does not work . I have tried everthing.Had simular device from Radio Shack and never had a problem.I would not recomend this item.Henry BloomPark-Zone 120-Volt Dual-Powered Battery-Powered Precision Parking Device #PZ -1500
 This parking device turned out to be completely useless because its sensor does not work correctly within the range of 1.3 feet - manual states that and I observed that as well . If I would not need to park the car closer than 1.3 feet to garage wall then I would not need this device at the first place .
 I do n't have easy access to electrical outlets on the far side of my garage , and I do n't want to be running wires everywhere , so I ran both of the units I bought of off Batteries . They worked great at first , but the battery life if very disapointing , I think because the do n't go off quickly enough . To change the batteries you have to take it off the wall , and it loses its distance setting , so you need a second person to direct you while you pull in the car . After changing the batteries every month it seemed like , I got sick of it , both devices are still up on the but not being used . I 'm going to look into the Laser of the stop stick .
 I bought one via amazon.com by auto alley . Had problems from the start . Did not work on AC power . Maybe because the power supply put out 15.6 volts instead of 9 volts listed . Even 9 volts seemed high when the unit takes 4AA batteries or 1.3 volt x 4 = 5.2 volts . Unit did not set up at all on AC power but did on batteries . Even than the Green light did not light when parking though the yellow and red did . Could park this way but definitely a bad product . Called auto alley and they stated they had many problems with this unit . Last heard from .
 This was extremely disappointing . I have had a version of this for both of my cars for the last few years . One of them seemed to be dying so I bought this as a replacement . The difference was startling . My old one had a reliable green , yellow , red sequence . Red came on reliably at the same point . This unit did not . The picture with the light pushed through the garage wall that someone posted said it all . It is completely unreliable . It usually does nothing until the red light comes on and then you have no idea whether the car is in the right spot or not . I took it off and repaired my old unit instead .
 I have the 2-sensor version and it hardly ever works . Every now and then the lights will go from green to red as advertised , but sometimes it will just sit at yellow even after you have passed the safe point . In fact , today , mine stayed yellow so I advanced the car and completely obliterated the sensor with the cars bumper . After the sensor was completely crushed , it still read yellow , and it never changed to red . I guess I 'm a glutton for punishment because I went and ordered another one , this time the version with only 1-sensor . I 'm hoping that the reviews below are accurate and the 1-sensor version is much better .
 Had a previous one that was much better . Do not know what they changed , but this one goes through batteries like water .
 I recieved as a gift and thought it was great , for a while . The green light is so dim you can not see it . I called and was told that was normal and it is caused by the green lens being too thick . This is wrong , the green LED is too dim . If I was n't happy they suggested I return it .
 I am not happy with this product as it only works intermittently . Have tried several things so that it will work on a more consistent basis and nothing has worked .
 The product works sometimes . Unfortunately , I park in my garage all of the time . If you 're looking for a product to solely rely on , this is not it . It looks good but the functionality does n't match .
 I purchased this particular Park Zone product for my daughter who lives in an apartment and has her own garage . It works beautifully . Unfortunately , she is having to replace the batteries every 3-4 months which I feel is not cost-efficient . I now wish I had bought the higher model that can be plugged into an outlet . Was it not for the battery issue , I would have given it at least 4 stars .
 I was excited to set it up and use it but it never worked , the set up was easy but I was n't able to see the magic . I should have taken it back but waited to long so now I will just keep it until I can give it to a museum 100 years from now . or I may take it apart to see if I can fix it . I think the radar transmitter is weak .
 I have one of the older models which works beautifully . This particular one does not work well at all . Wish I had one of the older models .
 In two months the product has used 3 sets of batteries.bought at end of nov. now jan. .
 After owning it for less than 6 months we 'd changed batteries twice in it ... we gave up on it and just visually align our parking because we 're sick of changing the batteries . It 's claim of 1 year battery life is no where close to accurate .
 Had purchased one previously as a gift which they used for years with no problems . It quit working so purchased this one as a gift again and it would not sense the vehicle . So am returning the item today . Will probably order another to see if it was just a defect with mine .
 I had a park zone that worked great for many years & it worked great , so when it finally went out I purchased this one , the only difference in the one I had & this one was this one is powered by batteries & my old one was powered by AC . Do not buy the one powered by batteries as it does not work properly . It does not go to red when it should & it flashes red 24/7 . Not an improvement over the previous model .
 Park Zone
 Hella is a German company -LRB- Lippstadt , North Rhine-Westphalia -RRB- and most Hella products I 've owned have been made in Northern Europe , usually in Germany or Sweden , so the ` Made in India ' label greatly surprised me . I 'd like to be open minded about production standards in developing countries , but after trying Autopal H4 lights and a few other Euro-design knock-offs from India and China I 've grown justifiably wary.I had these bulbs in my car 's standard parabolic fog lights for only a few weeks before I replaced them with true Selective Yellow bulbs , so I ca n't speak to their reliability . These bulbs are n't yellow , rather they emit a dull yellow-ish glow reminiscent of those horrible mass-produced sealed beam headlights you find at conventional auto parts stores for about $ 8 . If a true Selective Yellow is the goal , may I suggest the CPI -LRB- Candlepower , Inc. -RRB- H3 ? It costs a little more , but it 's actually yellow , unlike this Hella product . Nokya also markets some decent Korean-made yellow bulbs too -LRB- H1 , H2 , H3 , H4 -RRB- which are also more expensive and yet not quite as close to the CPI 's dark hue -LRB- at least to my untrained eye -RRB- . Summary Analysis
 Other reviews pale to describe just how yellow these lights are n't . They literally look like a 1980s sealed beam , or a normal lamp with weak power . If they were not already installed , I would send them back on principle alone . It 's a lot of $ to spend on something that does n't do what you wanted it to do.I realize that the fogs of today are a brighter yellow than the medium yellows of yesteryear . But this does n't even fit today 's typical color temp . It 's like a really well-lit manilla file folder .
 I 've had good luck with Hella products in the past . I needed some new fog light bulbs so I ordered a set . Received them in early august , installed them about a week later . It 's now about mid october and one of them is out . Ca n't return it because it 's only got a 30 day return window.It 's unlikely that I 'll spend extra money on fog light bulbs in the future.They are n't even really that yellow . Kind of like the yellow you see on a really old car with old work out headlights .
 I purchased two of these bulbs to put in my fog lightsThey burnt out after a month or two of useI thought Hella is quality product , but apparently not!Good thing , Amazon has really good customer service !
 I bought these in hopes that the yellow tint/light emitted would significantly stand out in rain , fog , snow , and in night driving -LRB- basically whenever driving visibility is reduced -RRB- . My intentions are so that my lights would stand out against all the other cars on the road with lights on.I was disappointed to find that the yellow seemed more like a `` dulled out '' white light . Much like the light intensity of a dying headlight in a old car ; quite dim looking . This definitely would n't stand out against any other common car white lights on the road.Not only was it not very yellow , one of the 2 bulbs died withing 3months of use . I bought this in November . Installed and used all of December , January , and February . In March , one of the bulbs burned out.At the time , I purchased these for $ 5.50 each bulb . Considering today , I probably would not purchase Hella H3 bulbs again , assuming it 's a manufacturer 's issue and seek some other intese yellow bulbs .
 This product is not what i expected ... Description says `` yellow '' star but they are nothin but a golden oem color replacement bulb ... It was a waste of my money . .
 As a note , the seller is reliable , efficient , and responsive . Hopefully this review is to some benefit.Judging according to the quality and works of the item , undoubtedly awful . Item does not work properly , according to its purpose . Item has either factory defects or poor quality manufacturing . Immpossible to read pressure without resulting in a flat tire ! Openly , would never recommend.PROS : - has good size with grip-has replacable battery option-it 's digital -LRB- although pointless ; ineffective -RRB- CONS : - no seal , lets plenty air out-no prompt , final read clears instantly-cheap material , bad qualityTotal loss
 I bought this tire gauge and had only used it a few times . I liked it at first , but after having it in the storage console of my Jeep for a few months it no longer works . I just get the 0.0 read out . I was not worth the money . It cost me about $ 2.00 per use since I probably used it at most 5 times prior to it going bad .
 Great idea , gauge no workie ! No instructions for re-setting -LRB- not Zero set -RRB- just -0.0 staring back at me . Worse ! No website with which to lodge a complaint or ask for help -LRB- even though it 's not rocket science -RRB- . C'mon guys , it 's 2003 ! I must be one of the unlucky ones or just unbearably grumpy .
 I have had one for about maybe 2 months and it is already broken . The LCD screen is displaying some garbage such as -- .00 anything when I go use it on my tires . I have n't been rough with it , I havent dropped it , run over it with my car , etc. . I leave it in my glove compartment and one day it decided not to work.I was trying to find the website or a phone number for the company to see if I could get a replacement , but to no avail . I would not recommend this product .
 This is not a very good version of the accutire product ... to large and clunky , and the guage faces away from you as you place it on the tire . I do n't recommend it .
 I thought this was a nice item when I purchased it two years ago . I always carry tire gauges and liked this one -- easier to read than the traditional ones for these old eyes . However , I just went out to check my tires and the gauge does n't work . Aha , it must need a new battery . WHAT ! One ca n't replace the battery ? Dang ! This thing has a `` lifetime '' warranty ; unfortunately , it 's warranted for as long as the battery lasts . Do n't waste your money -- the traditional style never needs a battery . It 's like the Energizer Bunny and keeps working and working .
 My definition of Lifetime Batteries is different than Accutire 's . Not being able to replace the batteries in this simple gauge is a joke .
 The site says this will fit my 2002 Explorer Sport Trac , but on my vehicle the switches are reversed with the on/off on the left !
 I ca n't really say what 's ` wrong ' with it , but my husband said it 's junk . I thought it looked nice . Oh well . Guess I wasted more money . Hope it works out better for others .
 The unit is said to shut off automatically , but I only got one use from it before it died . I 'm not sure if the problem was with the batteries -LRB- which are supposed to last a `` lifetime '' -RRB- , but I did n't care to spend over $ 10 for replacements to find out .
 Yes , it does work if you get a good seal . I still use it for lack of buying anything better yet . It is poorly made and the tip only formed an easy seal the first month . Since then you have to wiggle and manipulate it to get a reading . That is no fun when you 're trying to hold the air hose in 1 hand . Would not buy again .
 Do n't buy this ! After trying to use it on three seperate occasions , was able to get it to have some kind of legible reading off one tire , once . There are no instructions on how to calibrate it , or if it needs to be applied to the tire stem with some kind of special maneuver , etc. . Tossed it and bought an `` old fashioned '' pneumatic guage that is very reliable and accurate . Do n't know why I thought this would be better in the first place .
 I purchased this as i wanted an accurate tire pressure gauge . The gauge itself is well designed and is great . The problem is that it will not seal to the tire . You ALWAYS loose air when trying to use it . Did these guys not even try this thing before they started sticking customers with it ??? Save your money or look at the dump , you may just come across mine . That 's where it 's headed .
 This gauge seemed to be accurate and well built . Worked very well for about a year . Then the seal that mates with the valve stem became loose and distorted . After that , the gauge went in the trash .
 I bought one and it does n't work . Now I have to `` return '' it -- which is morecostly than just throwing the piece of junk away . I 'm sure they planned itthat way . Do n't buy it .
 Bought from the TireRack a few years ago . This gauge was ok at first limited angles due to design , sealed ok . But the rubber end did n't last end resulting in this thing being pretty much unusable . Look elsewhere .
 Long on looks but short on durability and quality of material . With use , it becomes more and more difficult to get a good seal between the guage and your valve stem because
 While the gauge itself is accurate , the center plastic tip wears out after about a year of use rendering the unit inoperable . Should have used a metal tip . Sorry I spent the money .
 This miracle of modern science works great the first 10 or 20 or 30 times.Then you realize that readings are becoming increasingly inaccurate -LRB- and hard to obtain -- pfffffft ! -RRB- , and it 's obvious that the $ 0.03 seal at the tip is failing . Where do you get a replacement ? Ha , gotcha!All show , no go at this point .
 I have been unable to use the tire pressure gauge . Need better info on how to operate the gauge
 Was not impressed with this item . recieved it new in package and decided to test it againts a mechanical tire gauge . Air pressures varied or couldnt get a reading . Somtimes showed lower or higher than I expected . Is a piece of junk since it seemed to work better after having to buy new batteries . I should get a refund on this
 This product definitely comes for a low price , but then its too flimsy.I tried opening the stuff and it came off and I was not able to fix it .
 Looks cool , a huge pain to use it takes me four to eight tries to get a good reading . I would pass on this .
 I 've used it quite a few times and agree with the reviewers that said it was difficult to get a good seal . In addition , this morning while trying to open the case , which is not particularly easy , the gauge popped out and dropped about 2 ft. After that , the backlit LCD screen did not work , making it very difficult to read .
 I had the gauge for 4 years . it worked ok.The batteries are suppose to be lifetime , but died after 3 years . Then I replaced them and they died after a year.The best thing about this product is the case .
 The rubber sleeve on the business end rides up and gets in the way of getting a good seal on the valve stem . Its also a too fat and requires a certain angle which makes it hard to get a reading from hard to reach valve stems like on my motorcycle .
 The air pressure gauge is hard to seal when pushed onto the valve stem . It is hard to get a accurate reading with the leak .
 I bought this on sale a few years back and I found it more of a chore to use . The plastic tip does not create a good seal on the valve stem and It usually takes me 2 sometimes 3 times to get an accurate reading . I think this could be avoided if the tip was metal . Also , there is no bleeder valve , so if you 're tires are overinflated , you need to do more work . I personally use the Accutire MS-4021B which I find far superior and it 's way cheaper . Strangely , it 's cheaper but more ergonomic and practical as it has a nice thumb rest to help you get a better reading and it also has a rubber grip . Personally the best gauge from experience is one of those analog ones that have a built in bleeder and have a filler chuck so you can fill the air through the unit and bleed off whatever you do n't need . Trust me it saves you a lot of time . But if you insist on one of these digital gauges , I recommend the Accutire MS-4021B . It 's cheap , it works , and it 's more practical . I give the MS-4000 2 stars because it wastes my time and there are better products out there for less .
 I had an older Accutire that did not work well on my new car . I figured it was worn out and ordered this Gauge . It does n't work either . It is impossible to maintain a good seal between the valve and the gauge . Instead of investing in fancy backlight etc. . Accutire would have done much better by using a high quality sealing mechanism and not that flimiscal plastic/rubber combination . Using a different Gauge with a solid brass/metal connector I have no trouble at all . In short
 Two months in and the battery for the back light display is dead !! Hard to believe it only lasted that long ... I could just change the battery , but why ? The gauge itself is incredibly hard to get on the stem without hearing the hiss of air escaping your tires . Every now and then , I could get a perfect lock the first time , but it 's rare and hard to do . I do n't know about the accuracy ... I have a pen style gauge that always show 2 pounds more pressure per tire than this digital model.I have an Evo VIII , and tire pressures greatly influence the handling of the car , so I wanted a top quality gauge . Unfortunately I got one that looks really nice , but is too hard to use and wore out too fast .
 In addition to the previously discussed problem of getting a good seal , I tried to use it the other day , and found it is totally dead . Replacing the button cells did not correct the problem . Seems the lithium battery failed prematurely . Considering the seal problem , I doubt I will bother to pay shipping & insurance to return it to the manufacturer for repair even if it is within the 5 year warranty .
 Being a mechanic I should have known better . This tire gage is not only the worst tire gage I have ever bought but it is the worst tool I had ever bought . After the third use it leaked to the point where I had to reinflate my tires and recheck them with a simple yet always reliable analog gage . Not only that but I compared the accuracy with a calibrated gage from my shop and found the accutire gage was up to 5 psi off . Take some advice from a mechanic/sucker the simpler the better .
 I bought this item and then returned it . The gauge did n't seal very well on the tire stems in both my cars of different makes -LRB- 8 stems in total !! -RRB- and let out a large amount of air . When it does seal , the readings had large differences between consecutive reads .
 I find it a struggle to get a good seal for proper measurement . My old fashioned mechanical gauge is much easier.I regret my purchase , it was a complete waste of money .
 I had a previous non-brand name digital tire gauge and it worked great but eventually died . I bought this one thinking it would be better . The first time I used it I could n't get a good connection at all and it kept giving me multiple readings . It also does not seem to keep the number on the display after the reading . It would disappear before i could read it fully .
 The MS-4000B is even worse the the MS-4021B . It too , willnot make a airtight seal with the valve stem . A usefullreading is next to impossible . The surfaces should be softor rubber coated or something . Trying to seal a tire valvewith a hard plastic surface just plain awful .
 Looks very neat but difficult to use . Getting a good seal is hit and miss . What should be a simple procedure takes too long and frequently ends in loss of air in the tires . When you do get a seal , it works quite well .
 It only made a good seal for the first week . Now it is impossible to get an accurate reading because rubber gasket fell right out ! Case and nice finish are definitely advantages , but they do n't outweigh the fact that the gauge broke within 10 days of buying it . A $ 15 analog tire gauge looks just as cool , and is much more accurate .
 I have had the gauge for about 3 years . Worked fine for that period . The `` lifetime '' lithium battery has died , and nobody at the company is returning my emails or calls about how to get it replaced . Very annoying . So divide the purchase price by 3 to get annual cost . Then throw it away .
 I 've had this gauge for a few years , but stopped using it with any regularity pretty quickly . Worked great the first few months , then the plastic tip wore out and no longer stayed centered in the hole , and it now takes several tries to get a good seal and thus a good reading . The rubber shroud over the tip slips forward and gets in the way as you push ever harder , trying to get a good seal and bleeding off pressure with every try.Don ' t waste your money . I just ordered an Accu-Gage , with a real brass tip , made and calibrated in the good ole USA .
 This stuff is specially made to attach emblems to painteted surfaces right ? No . WRONG.I used it to reattach my badges . It worked OK until I came to wash it the next time and I noticed they were loose . Hmmm . Weird . They peeled right off and I reapplied some more glue and reattached . After 2-3 days I was polishing my car and the polisher ripped the emblem off and spun it around under the pad ! NEVER happens with tape . After reapplying the stuff 4 TIMES I gave up and bought some 3M VHB tape -LRB- very high bond -RRB- that I will use instead . Pretty disappointed with this junk .
 Because of the description and the reputation of the 3M brand , I felt safe that this product was the appropriate product to re-affix the trunk badges to my newly painted Audi . Woops.Sadly this product is not the proper product for the intended use for the following reasons :1 -RRB- The adhesive is hard to dispense accurately as the metal tube opening is crude and awkward2 -RRB- The adhesive requires that it be applied to both surfaces , allowed to set , then pressed and held together . In so doing , the adhesive necessarily smears around the badge . It is not possible to apply the adhesive accurately without making a mess3 -RRB- Once you have pressed the badge in place , it must be held under pressure while the adhesive sets - good luck with that4 -RRB- Once you have accomplished these things , beware of your badge falling off at any moment . You see the adhesive is not flexible and as a consequence it is only a matter of time before the bond is compromised by vibratory impacts inherent in the use of the automobile.Conclusion - this product is junk , in fact it is likely that this is a counterfeit product not even made by 3M . This product reminds me of the old Testors brand plastic model cement - which was a solvent based , not contact based adhesive . The proper badge and emblem adhesive should be flexible and adhere instantly with one touch as it is not possible to realign an emblem or badge once pressed in place or you will smear unsightly adhesive around the periphery of the badge.I rarely take time to share feedback on products have purchased and used as generally I have been very happy with products I have purchased on Amazon and eBaY . However I felt compelled to help others avoid the disappointment , avoid wasting money and avoid damaging the paint of their car . I wish someone else had taken the time to write a thorough and considerate review .
 Add states that this is a Wiring Kit with harness and relays . Not eve nthe picture displayed matched what was sent to me . All I received was the switch - no switch holder as depicted i nthe picture - no harness , no relay and wiring as mentioned in product details . All Customer service would do is refund me the money . they would not investigate getting me the correct parts as the add mentions or even modify the add to explain the actul product . WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH AMAZON AGAIN ... VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED ...
 One of these was recently installed on my Subaru XT Turbo , and it 's already failing
 The covers on the seats look good and are adequate . They covered the seat wear and look good . The headreast covers were too small . The solid colored covers for the console and seat , under the console , look `` cheap '' and I opted not to use them . The stitching on the tightner on the passenger seat came unstitched during application . Overall these seat covers were a disappointment . The saying you get what you pay for certainly applies to this purchase .
 ATTN
 Nada que ver con la foto de aparece en la p&aacute;gina del producto , solo hice una oferta porque aparecen dos bombillos en el paquete pero al llegar a mi casa me percato que es solo uno , es blanco y la caja es diferente ... concuerda con la descripci&oacute;n pero no con la foto publicada ...
 The covers on the seats look good and are adequate . They covered the seat wear and look good . The headreast covers were too small . The solid colored covers for the console and seat , under the console , look `` cheap '' and I opted not to use them . The stitching on the tightner on the passenger seat came unstitched during application . Overall these seat covers were a disappointment . The saying you get what you pay for certainly applies to this purchase .
 terrible item these are spring chicken , do n't buy this item , the old use shocks i took are were better than these , i do not even know if these are Monroe 's because there is no label on the shocks that said so , am about to take them off and put on some old ones this is to tell you how terrible they are . DO NOT BUY these people spend more and get better shocks . unfortunately i can not send them back because i live in Central America -LRB- Belize -RRB-
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I bought these to replace a set of Redbox Mintex pads that had worn out at ~ 65k miles . '98 Passat Wagon . I tried to get the same Redbox pads I had and there was a supply issue at the time and none were available for several months . I installed these pads with my first set of new rotors at 95k miles . These pads have now been on for 3k miles . They squealed from day one and still do . I have pulled them several times to add surface treatments behind them and check movement and springs to no avail . They are also FAR dustier than the Redbox and seem to have little performance difference.I would not buy these again .
 I bought these several months ago . I was using Silverstar and Phillips Xtreme bulbs that adjust the capsule size and gas mix for more light output per watt , at the cost of high temperatures and short bulb life . I thought going with these Hella bulbs rated for a high wattage might give me equivalent or better light output but longer life.Well , much to my disappointment , while these bulbs were bright -- even brighter than the Xtreme 's -- they did not necessarily perform any better . After only 2 months in use one of the bulbs burned out . Fortunately I bought two pairs so I 'll replace the one hoping it was just a random manufacturing defect , but I am not encouraged .
 Ordered H4 headlight bulbs 8/30 did n't ship until 9/2 expected delivery date 9/9 it 's now 9/10 PM no lights have looked all over the web sites ca n't find anything on how to contact amazon !!! Everybody told me I was crazy not to do business with them because they have no phone number listed . I guess I was right glad I did n't spend a lot of money but it sure has put my project back .
 this bulb lasted 4 hours . after exploding , a yellow powder is now on the inside of my brand new hella e codes which i can not take apart and get all the glass out of or wipe the yellow powder out of . very pissed off .
 Same resistance , same current draw and similar light output . Not sure why they call this an 100/80W bulb , it does n't use that much power at 12 volts .
 Bought 2 Hella H4 100/80 lightbulb , lasted 4 weeks before low beam stopped working , thought Hella was a good brand , are very disappointed !!!
 The picture shows 2 blue colored bulbs in clear package , I have got only 1 clear bulb in small yellow carton box , nothing like on the picture . There is no indication of this order including only 1 or two bulbs , and I assumed that I will get 2 according to the picture .
 I would give it more stars rating if I would need only one of them . The picture shows 2 blue colored bulbs in clear package , I have got only 1 clear bulb in small carton box , nothing like on the picture . I could nowhere find if it was only 1 or two buldbs , and I assumed that I will get 2 according to the picture .
 i fit is on my car nissan patrolit is vary low qwultyi will never bi it againthan u
 I ordered this for my 1998 K1500 and when it came in the mail I noticed , through the packaging , that it was white -LRB- the removable tape meant to cover the actual adhesive substance -RRB- instead of stainless . I removed it from the packaging and to my relief , the stainless side was simply face down . But the longer I looked at it I realized that , looking at the stainless side , the bow-tie was angled to the left instead of the right . The the opposite side with the correctly angled bow-tie is completely covered in the adhesive substance , therefore , rendering the product completely useless -LRB- unless you want a backwards bow-tie which is very unnatural looking -RRB- . I will definitely avoid products from APC from now on .
 Bought this as a replacement for the car 's original . Now less than 7 months later , this cheap plastic replacement has cracked also . You get what you pay for . Lesson learned .
 Was very disappointed . Thought it would weigh more than a few ounces . Was damaged somewhat . Paid over $ 35 for something that at most should be around $ 10 . On one site cost about $ 56 -LRB- are you kidding me ? -RRB- Definitely am returning for my money back . Do n't waste your money on a piece of garbage .
 This was advertised as a great cushion but is far from it . The first thing I noticed is that it is very thin , and when you sit on it it feels very thin . It only added about 1/2 an hour to my ride before it felt like i was sitting on my stock seat . I ride a Kawasaki 900 vulcan and the seat is horrible . After reading the reviews on this seat I shelled out the money and purchased one ... more like wasted the money . Do yourself a favor and keep shopping .
 I ordered struts and rear shocks for my 1997 Mercury Villager -LRB- both Monroe -RRB- but the rear shocks were no where near the same quality as the OEM shocks . The construction seemed to be cheaper and the weight of the new shocks lead me to believe they were cheaply built too . I was amazed to find the OEM -LRB- motorcraft -RRB- shocks were not leaking , I do n't expect the replacements to last 14 years and 135,000 miles . JMO UPDATE
 I purchased this manual because I needed some instruction on replacing the heater core . It is a HUGE job . I started the job and the instructions tell me to basically strip the interior of the car . When it really counts , the whole thing falls flat on its face . There are no photographs of the most difficult parts of the instrument panel removal , just some generic words `` remove the center console bolts '' no idea which of the 20 + screws/bolts that can be found should be removed . No photographs of any of the other difficult parts of the job , including removal of the A/C unit and the heater core . It is like they just stopped and guessed . I spent too much money on this and it falls well short of what I need .
 I spent a good deal of time installing these locks , following the instructions to the letter , aligning them properly , etc. . After being installed for 2 months and less than 300 miles , the catch rounded off and started allowing the hood to pop up . I do n't drive my Jeep often , but I certainly do n't want the hood to fly up at 65 miles an hour on the Houston Highways . Junk , Junk , Junk . Run away .
 My rating is based on the design of the `` Super High '' 953 foot only , I imagine the `` low '' and perhaps even the `` high '' would be just fine . The build quality was absolutely top notch , and assembly/installation was very easy.What is a problem is putting this long of a `` lever '' on to something so fragile as a rain gutter -LRB- and I have very strong rain gutters -RRB- . There is simply no way to do this safely and effectively . After doing a little searching it seems most folks who buy these go an average of 6-12 months before damage to their vehicle occurs from the forces applied by such a high foot design with such a narrow base . I would not trust it to carry a package of toilet paper . Thule should have known better , they should NEVER have made the `` Super High '' version of these feet .
 Funny turn of fate , I thought I bought 2 of these , got one , checked , and yes , I messed up and only ordered one . I am SO glad I made that mistake , because one of my headlights you have to take out the battery to change . I decide to put it in the easy side just to test . So , let me take it from the beginning.Install the bulb , standard halogen procedure , do n't touch the glass part . Turn it on , no low beam . Check connections , fuses , everything is good . Pull the bulb back out , one of the low beam supports is simply not there , it 's a filament floating by one leg . Returned to Amazon , annoying , but it has n't cost me anything so far except time . I ask them to send me a replacement , it comes in 2 days . Nice!I installed the replacement last night , it 's all good . This morning , I hop in , and just for kicks , flash the high beams before I go to work . The low beam stops working . I pulled the bulb , and the low beam filament is vaporized.I did look at the bulb carefully before installing , and noticed the 2 filaments were much closer together than my regular bulb.The Hella website brags about Germany manufacturing standards and excellence . But , these are made in a country other than Germany , a country certainly not known for their manufacturing . I 'm not going to insult an entire country in my review . Just know , this is not a German made product.And , oh , the irony ... the bulb is marked off road use only . I ca n't even get one to last out of my driveway and these are supposed to be used off-road ? So ends my review on the 80/100W bulb . Do not buy it unless you are ready to swap out and return bulbs to help Hella 's quality control effort.I have owned Hella products for the last 10 years . I owned their 550 fog lights and frankly , they were n't that good either . Their covers look cool , but even those were problematic , they get very brittle in the cold and break if you try to take them off . I give up . There are too many high-quality lighting manufacturers out there to give Hella any more of my business.Update
 One of the bulbs exploded the second day and fogged the headlight permanently ; the driver 's side is still okay , though -LRB- no , I never touched the glass of the bulbs -RRB- . The light produced by this bulb is significantly brighter for the low beam , however , I 'm not able to see any difference with the high beam .
 I was really excited to get these installed and check them out . My excitement was short lived . I installed the new bulbs -LRB- being careful not to touch bulb -RRB- and the new high temp plugs that I also ordered . Installation was a snap and all tested well ... low beams and high . When I next had the opportunity to drive in darkness , I turned on the headlights and the driver side unit failed instantly . I got to work and checked that I indeed had no low or high beam on drivers side and when I turned headlights off ... the passenger side bulb exploded and now I have debris in the housing . Needless to say , I am not at all impressed and more than a little annoyed . I certainly expected better of German manufacture . These bulbs are EXTREMELY HOT burning , so do n't use them in a housing with a plastic lens or it will probably melt the lens . I will never buy this brand of bulb again . I 'll stick with OSRAM Sylvania , GE , or Philips .
 Even though this part was listed as fitting my car -LRB- 1990 Ford Mustang GT -RRB- on both Amazon.com and the Dorman website , the mounts for the fuel pump and sender unit were too big . It was also missing the screw hole to hold the filler to the fuel tank . Lastly , the metal on this fuel tank is much thinner than the metal on the original fuel tank .
 These are not 100 watt . No difference from 60 watt light output as measured with an accurate light meter.UPDATE : Stock 60 watt draws 4.6 amps at 12.7 volts = 58.4 watts . `` Hella '' 100 watt draws 5.5 amps at 12.7 volts = 69.9 watts.These should not be labeled or sold as `` 100 watt '' .
 These bulbs came in Hella boxes but were not Hella bulbs . Returned them to Amazon , no problem .
 The actual bulbs were not the ones pictured . Although they did seem to put out quite a bit of light , the alignment of the bulbs caused the beam to point much lower . Since my highs and lows are together in one unit , I could n't adjust the aim of the highs to compensate without screwing up the lows . They also looked quite yellow , but that 's in comparison to my SilverStar low beams.All in all , I 'm dissatisfied because they are very mis-aligned . I 'm sending them back : -LRB-
 When 2000 Acura Integra is plugged into the &#34; does this fit my car &#34; at the top it lists the bulb as a low beam headlight ... when it is actually a high beam headlight and will not plug into the low beam which is a 9006 i found out
 This is my second experience with the same product . This model hitch came with my Four Winns boat trailer from the factory . The first one was difficult to lock and release . The release tab was hard to move in either direction and the tab finally broke . I ordered a rebuild kit -LRB- just to get a new release tab -RRB- and found it impossible to install although I am an engineer and good with my hands . I resorted to purchasing an all new unit . It was easy to install but this one had the same problem with locking and releasing . It is not a smooth operation in either direction . I was finally able to use a flat bladed screw driver from underneath to pry the locking tongue so it engaged the ball . From underneath it did not take much pressure to move the tongue forward and then I was able to easily move the locking tab into place with very little force . This will be my standard practice from now on . Getting the tongue to release even after unlocking the tab is also problematic as it does not pivot out of the way when the tab is released . Raising the trailer tongue with the jack put upward pressure on the hitch and it eventually popped off suddenly . I did not try prying the hitch tongue back -LRB- which I will the next time -RRB- . This same model hitch has been manufactured for at least ten years so you would think that all the bugs had been worked out . If you have an option , I would not purchase this hitch . I needed a direct , bot-in replacement so I went with it and had the same negative results . I noticed that Four Winns trailers do not use this model any longer . Finally , the paint on the brake cylinder is very poor . It started rusting before it ever got close to a body of water .
 Everything about this product would be fine , aside from one major issue . The ball joints will not take grease . Ohhhh and after you spend a couple hours installing this there may be a tiny hole in the ball joint boot . Since one of the boots DID have a hole in it , I got the pleasure of installing three of these . Everytime I tried to grease these ball joints I was met with an hour of turning wheels , lowering and raising the truck and control arms , hitting with a hammer , changing zerks , and switching grease guns . I asked around this can be a problem with cheaper ball joints . I did n't have any problems with Dorman before this , but now I guess that I do . I finally read a tip online that you just keep forcing grease even though it feels like your gun is going to explode . I had to get a two feet long cheater bar and force the grease , I then heard a loud pop and I was sure that I destroyed something . Lucky for me the boot filled with grease and was without holes this go around . If you buy these , make sure you are getting an awesome deal , and prepare yourself for a grease gun battle like no other . -LRB- The Dorman uppers were just fine . -RRB-
 I thought german products are good performance -LRB- even if you have to somewhat sacrifice in reliability -RRB- , this thing made in india . During installation , one of the bulb housing fell off , so I use silicon glue to stick it back on . For 80W , these pieces of crap are dimmer than my old PIAA 51W bulbs . Amazon is so nice , they refunded me in full . I recommend KENSUN HID light kit also from Amazon , oh my , big difference .
 I bought these to give a slight boost to my headlights on back roads . The filaments are poorly positioned and give a spotty beam pattern . Nor did they appear any brighter than the bulbs I replaced in my 2002 Tahoe.Stick with a well engineered lamp like the Philips Vision Plus or Sylvania ExtraVision and you will be fine.Note
 I bought this seat cover at Big Lots for $ 7.00 I would like a second one but not at $ 49.99 , I hope that this price was a typo and you meant $ 4.99 ???
 I bought a pair of these . Only one works , but the other does not fit . When you tighten bolts , the tire does not rotate while the other rotor works fine.I could not return this because I tested these after 30 days so I can not even return this broken item.DO NOT BUY THIS .
 This filter is not equal to original factory installed toyota , my 2007 Camry xle 3.5 l V6 had a thicker filter and charcoal , this filter is a less sophisticated version than the original , for vehicles 2005 and 2006 Toyota Avalon , but it serves its components is not are of the quality and technology of the original . If you want quality buy the original toyota . I for one do not buy more
 This filters has way less folds than the oem filter that was in my truck . Probably way less filtering ability . Not worth the money .
 All they lock on the 480 Footpack is a flimsy cover that can easily be broken off . Not storing the tightening levers in the footpacks themselves is a better way to keep vandals/thieves away .
 works fine , but I gave it 2 stars because These locks are way over priced for what they are .
 Bought this for Thule Insta-Gator truck bed rack.Two reasons this was a bad idea
 The strap was long , which was nice . Installed nicely into the awning , but when I rolled up the awing , and hooked the end with the awning tool , the loop fell apart . This makes me wonder how strong the other end is INSIDE the awning . If THAT goes out like this loop did , my awning rolls up like a cat on a hot stove . . not good , risking my awning . So , bought one at the local RV store . My 8 dollar strap has now turned into a 16 dollar one ... ca n't return it , packing material is gone . . who 'd a thunk a strap made of cloth and rubber would be defective . Not good .
 We got these for the 88 Ranger pickup and we 've only put a few thousand miles on and the shocks are shot . They bounce all over the place and the shop could n't believe it . I was told never get the heavy duty ones because they do n't work well , which is why I got these . Well , now I am getting the sensa-trac ones in hopes they will work !
 they sent me a mustang tank and the gas tank I ordered for my 1965 for ranchero , , , , , I am madd as hell
 should have read the reviews before I ordered . Needed 4 inch drop , recieved 3 1/2 . I hate when company 's cant advertise correctly
 I love descriptions that are so vague that you end up ordering the wrong thing . Grrr . By looking at the picture for this item it looks like it 's a 4 '' drop hitch with the OTT pin for easily adding the ball with just one tool . The reviews are mixed about what you will receive , some say OTT but there is no mention of 4 '' and they do n't complain so it seems like they got the right item . Others complain they received a 3.5 '' drop hitch . I am in that category , I thought I was getting a 4 '' hitch , but received a 3.5 '' drop hitch w/o OTT . I looked at the item number on the sticker for the received drop hitch , and it matches the description on the website . So I went to the Masterlock website and searched that part number , and it also specifies a 4 '' hitch with OTT . I guess there are 2 items with the same part number made by Master Lock , one is a 3.5 '' and the other is a 4 '' with OTT ? So I thought that what I received was old stock or something , but the label has a copyright of 2011 . So either the new part is 3.5 '' w/o OTT , or there are 2 items with the same part number , and it 's a crap shoot what you will receive . I really need a 4 '' and I really want OTT , but I guess there is no way to guarantee this . I ordered another one to see what I get this time . If I get the same , I am returning both and just move on to something else . Buyer Beware . At least Amazon return policy is good , darn frustrating this item is.Update
 This is described as having a 4 inch drop . It does not.The picture and description are different from what you get.What you get has a 3 1/2 inch drop as it clearly states on the label.If the description had been accurate I would not have bought this item.What you receive has a different model number than that which is in description . Amazon charged me for one model number and sent me an incorrect and cheaper model number . I did not get what I paid for .
 this part was purchased but sent back because it was not the right part . you show the right part on your web page but said it would not fit my car i called timken to find out if the part 513179 would fit my car and they said yes but i was afraid to order from you because your page said it was not the right part , i e-mailed you this information and you said you would look into it . but in the mean time i purchased part # 513179 from another mfg. and it fit perfectly ! i periodically check your web page and see you still list it as not the ri9ght part for car , which is by the a 1995 buick lesabre
 Beautiful hitch cover , but does NOT fit 1 1/4 '' hitch , as advertised . I searched all over for 1 1/4 '' and thought I had found one . Received it early , just in time to travel to two consecutive away games , but ca n't use . Waiting to see what happens with the $ 13.99 shipping I paid !
 I bought this product thinking the vendor wo n't trick me into buying me something spoiled . But this vendor or manufacturer sells a poor quality product . I have had this MAF close to a month and its even worse than the old one I replaced . My check engine light is still on even after the dealership told me that I needed to replace the MAF . So I did and went back for a diagnostic but same issue and right now I 'm just going with the flow since I discarded my old MAF . You would rather buy one with a warranty . Learned my lesson and willing to pay extra next time . Thanks for nothing sir/madam !!!
 Great design and utility but hose broke loose from fitting after second careful , light use . Thank goodness it was winter and not so many campers around to witness the mess . Sure not worth the money if you 're only going to get two uses out of it .
 I bought this at Walmart . They had three , and I bought the one that had not been returned . When I got it home one of the fittings was unglued . Now I know why the other two were returned .
 I borrowed a RV with this system included . I 've had nothing but trouble with it . Fittings do n't go on as claimed and it takes 2 of us to dump tanks - one on each end to keep fittings to hose . Several near disasters . I would never buy this product or recommend it .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered a pair of these because of the price , and they were damaged when I recived them . One of the steps was dented and scratched . Amazon gladly let me return them and sent me another pair right away . Unfortunately , these were dented also . Smittybilt use to be good quality products , but just like everything else anymore , they are made in China , and the quality shows . Spend a little bit more and find something made in the US .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 First let me say that although I am female , I am not `` feminine . '' I grew up on a farm and hung out in the machine shop . I know more about tools than most guys I know , and I know that tools do n't arrive like this.I actually bought these for guitar setup , and they were unusable for that , because they were covered in brown grease . When I removed the gauges from the package , I got grime all over my hand . Each blade was covered in the same grime , which had the consistency and color , and much the same smell , as motor oil.You can not touch these things without getting your hands , and anything you come into contact with , covered in grime . I 'm not talking about a light coating of clear lubricant to protect the blades . I 'm talking about what my dad called monkey grease . These things are filthy . That is not acceptable . I 've bought plenty of tools , and I expect my tools to be clean when I take them out of the package . That 's a realistic expectation , even from a woman .
 Very greasy right out of the package . I doubt I 'll be able to get this calibrated by a professional shop .
 Great price ! Quality , not so great.The clasp holding the gauges together fell apart after about a month . Also , when I received the set , all of the gauges were greasy and filmy - almost pre-oiled ! Ended up buying a better quality set from Pep Boys .
 Okay , looking at the picture of the product shown and you would expect three packs of these locks , correct ? NO ... . you recieve ONE 1/2 inch lock . Horrible describtion .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 When I received the order from Amazon it was missing all of the hardware to install it as well as 2 out of the 5 main parts . Beware when ordering this .
 I did not like this product because it had an attachment on one end that would not allow me to attach it to my Mazda b2200 truck . I paid for it but was unable to use it . Not one of Amazon 's proud moments !!!!!!
 I bought this strut for my 98 Ranger and it is the wrong part . I live in Belize and it will cost me too much to return it .
 Being that this is a ` Heininger ' product , I was greatly surprised to learn that it was NOT an `` anti-wobble ' lock . What a waste it 's been for us to drive around watching our Heininger 4-bike rack -LRB- I must say , the rack itself is VERY HIGH QUALITY -RRB- wobble around as we drive . What 's the point of even selling a lock if it 's not anti-wobble ? So , off I go , seeking now locally a true anti-wobble lock , having close to wasted $ 29.00 . Sorry , but it 's true .
 I thought Amazon had this under control , but apparently the product that was supposed to match my car perfectly , did n't have the right sized bolt holes ! This is ludicrous . I paid a good amount of money to have my old compressor taken out , only to find that the new one I bought from amazon did n't have the right sized bolt holes . Buying new bolts wo n't help either because I ca n't change the bolt hole shapes on the body of the car ! I want a refund and a full compensation for my labor costs .
 I purchased these rotors to replace the OEM rotors on my Honda Pilot . I have had a problem with warping rotors and I was going to use these as replacements . When they arrived they were noticeable thinner and lighter than the OEM rotors . No way did I install them .
 I received this product on time as expected . Once I tried to install it in the car I noticed the rotor was cracked , the cap was O.K. I wrote a complain about it to Amazon and was given three options on of those was to get it replaced for free , I chose this . I received the second product and had the same problem.So Amazon service was very good . Product purchased was very low quality . Amazon please check the quality of the products you offer for sale . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BWAK48/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I thought this would prevent the steering wheel from freezing but it really does not help the cold . The finishing on it is not very good so if you run your hand over the wheel while driving , you 'd get hurt ... I got nicked ... but the pictures of the tweety are very cute . The only reason I did n't return it is coz am lazy !
 Not a perfect fit even though I double checked -LRB- 2004 Grand Prix -RRB- . I took out the old one which seemed better quality overall . When I tried to put in new one it was just about a half inch too wide . Took it out and compared to old filter and it was actually about 3/8 '' wider . I ended up bending it to fit and that caused some pleats in the middle to pinch and expand . I rarely review my purchases , but I hate returning stuff so I will live with this filter , but it fails in both fit and finish compared to the old one .
 The pictures make this tool look like the real item . IT IS NOT ! This tool failed on my first attempt to use it . The low price is still a waste of money .
 RECIEVED THIS PRODUCT , IT IS NOT WORTH THE PACKING MATERIAL IT WAS SHIPPED IN , DOES NOT EVEN COME CLOSE TOO DOING THE JOB , UNLESS YOU ARE FIXING BICYCLE TIRES.EXTREMELY DISSAPOINTED ESPECIALLY COMING FROM NORTHERN TOOLS ,
 I thought I was ordering the large size that would cover the entire cargo area of my Jeep . But you must read the FINE print that this is a single seat cover ! UGH ! I wish they would show a picture of EXACTLY what you are ordering and not a picture of something they do n't even carry ! Talk about false advertising ! I am so upset that I wasted my money on this item.Worst part about it is that if I do put it on the passenger seat and my dog sits on the cover it is so slick and slippery he slips right off and into my dashboard ! And if I apply the breaks while driving he get slammed into the dashboard.This product is actually DANGEROUS to your pet .
 After I purchased this , I felt like it was a waste of money . A blanket would have done just as well . I had a number of problems.First
 Pros
 i wore this mostly as a wind break in the winter months . after 1 month daily and only one rainy day it leaked . pinholes were visible in the light and the seams are stitched upside down . for example , where the mat . meets on the chest , the lower fabric is sewed on top of -LRB- OUTSIDE -RRB- the upper . any water that runs down sits squarely on the seem allowing it to be absorbed through the threading instead of rolling off unencumbered . i really have zero idea how anyone could think that would be the way to make a rain suit . quite obvious this product was made without ANY knowledge or R&D ; i would not recommend this for anything other than emergency wear , only for a short time , and even then you can expect small leaks . i would n't even call this a `` fog suit '' let alone rain.terrible product .
 While the tubing looks to be of good quality , the bend of the converter was such that the inlet flange would not mate flush to the exhaust manifold . I was unable to get it to seal at the exhaust manifold so it was very loud . I had to return the product for refund . Disappointing .
 Works great with no load and as soon as I hook up my travel trailer tongue weight 900 pounds the compressor starts running and the airbags go flat . So I have to pull the fuse to make the compressor stop running .
 Most of the reviews I read before had more to do with the airbags than the controller . I do n't have a comment on the bags yet . This is about the controller.I have a diesel truck and often have heavy loads . I got the airbags to tailor the suspension for the load and the ability to control the ride on the fly seemed like an improvement . I also thought I would supplement the system to provide for emergency air to pump tires on the road . My logic going in was I could add a tank and pressure switch . Then some time later when the compressor burns out then I would replace it with something better.But when you look at what is included in the kit it ends up providing little value . The guage seems OK and does include a separate circuit for illumination which allows it to be dimmed with the dash lights . The momentary switch looks good but I do n't think I 'll use it my version . The pressure bleed off is actually just a schraeder valve -LRB- tire valve -RRB- with a clever actuator that holds it in the panel ... it will do the job but it is n't expensive . Then there is some wiring harness and tubing and a tiny plastic compressor . The compressor is total junk . They suggest that you install it inside the vehicle and they expressely say that it should n't go in the engine compartment or anywhere that it might get heat or moisture . The power requirements of the compressor are probably tiny which is good because the wiring in size and design would n't handle a real compressor . There is no relay ... it actually switches the power for the compressor directly through the little momentary switch.MSRP is $ 247.15 ! I am not convinced that the air compressor could pump up the bags the first time ... it is laughable . It is about the size of a large sandwich and everything I can see is plastic . I would never expect this to inflate a tire so any hope I had of providing even emergency `` onboard air '' is ludicrous.I spent $ 120 -LSB- ... -RSB- . But all I will use is the guage , some tubing , and some of the wiring.Anyone considering this kit ought to just buy the pieces you need and put together your own kit . This one provides no value and costs more than the individual parts would.I 'm a believer in buyer beware so I 'll eat the cost and consider it a lesson learned . But maybe this can help out the next guy.I originally wrote this review before I completed my in-flight adjustability capability for my truck . Someone commented that it was unfair since I had n't even installed it . Well I 'm now much more experienced with air suspension having built a complete on-board air system capable of powering air tools , filling tires , adjusting the air bags , and could even be used to drive train horns if I wanted to make so much noise . I 'm still standing my the original comments . I got the compressor system for less than half of MSRP because of coupons , deals , and Amazon pricing . But even still I think I paid way more than the value of the components . The compressor itself is not available individually so could n't be priced but everything else in the kit could be purchased as individual parts for much less than the kit . I have only turned on the compressor once just as an experiment and it did work and may even be capable of what the bags require . But it would take forever to pump a tire with it so it is of no other value . In the system I built I did use the guage , momentary switch , bleed valve , and some wiring and fittings but eventually replaced the slip fit fittings with high quality brass screw vesions . I managed to find a second hand Viair compressor but all other parts were new and I spent less on a real system than MSRP of this kit.So I can not say this wo n't pump your air bags . But with a little design and searching for parts you could build a far more capable system for less money yourself . Depends what you need to accomplish and how much you are willing to think about it .
 I 'm sure the air filter works fine , but I only got a single air filter . advertisement clearly states that it is a 2 pack .
 The low rating is because the application on Amazon said that this would fit my truck . The information shipped with the kit said I needed another kit to fit my Ford . Being a bit `` handy '' , and short on time , I was able to make modifications and installed the unit . Unit works great . Next problem was the offer for the $ 50 rebate . The rebate site did not allow me to enter the two items so that I qualified for the rebate . I entered the load lifter but there was no chance to enter the compressor and without the compressor , I would have been denied and that notice would have come after the deadline . Sort of like a trap . I made a phone call and supposedly got it straighten out but I 'm a bit Leary that it really was . Too early to tell if rebate is coming yet.Again , this is a great product . It just came with baggage .
 I purchased from this company and one of the bladders kept leaking and rubbed a hole on the side of the bladder . Paid to have a replacement for the SO CALLED LIFE TIME WARRANTY and would be given a refund once defective part was returned to AIR LIFT . Four month later and I am still waiting for my REFUND . Just get the run around . I will never do business with AIR LIFT again .
 Ordered this set of lifts for my Chev . AndAfter I picked them up and sent bar code off of box in for the rebate I realized I had ordered wrong ones.They sure look pretty but could n't return them with big hole in box -LRB- cut out bar code -RRB- Maybe build a trailer some day and build it to suit . Cheers
 This showed to fit my 2002 Hyundai Santa Fe . It arrived and I thought the two piece design was odd but there was n't an existing filter so I had nothing to compare to . I found it difficult to re-install the door over the filter slot but finally got it put on . This winter we were taking a road trip to West Texas and it was very cold out . I started to freeze to death when I discovered ice cold air was coming in under the dash . When we arrived at our destination -LRB- with my feet and legs froze -RRB- I checked it out and discovered that because of the split configuration of this filter , it did n't allow the cover to seat properly and outside air was coming in . So that is my experience with this one .
 I purchased this to compair with Bosch that I have purchased and found it to be poorly made and in two pieces with no way to hold them together . The bosch came with a felt border to make sure nothing sliped by it and this has nothing but plastic and if you use it then debris will slip past it and defeat its use . Buy Bosch , it may cost more but it 's better made .
 There are two filters in the box , not 1 as per the description . The Nissan Titan requires two filters so I ordered two boxes.The order has been shipped abroad and hence I have wasted about 40usd including shipping and handling for something I do n't need ...
 very misleading for us speed readers , , , , looks like a 6000lb extension ... NOT ... for bike racks only . You can see that in the product discription ... NAME IT SOMETHING ELSE AND DROP THE 6000 from the product name .
 Note
 Honestly , it 's worthless to me . It is made of flimsy square tube and the locking bolt is barely long enough for three cranks . It 's not a good product for the price . I ended up going to U-Haul and getting a heavier , cheaper , better version .
 Ca n't recommend these at all ! One fell off going down the road and the other one fell off when we stopped and the mirror broke . Needless to say , I wasted my money ...
 I am running a Hays # 12-040 on a Jegs 351W crate engine . I have ran 302 miles with about 20 starts on the engine . There are 7 teeth broken off of the starter ring . The plate does not seem to line up so that it uses the entire surface of the starter teeth . I guess I will look for an OEM and see if it will perform any better .
 When I received this product I did n't get any hardener with it . And there was no indication that it was to be sold separately . I contacted the seller through Amazon and received no response . I have no reason to be satisfied with the product or the seller .
 You ought to put down what size steering wheel this cover fits ... no one wants to buy the wrong size steering wheel cover
 Seller needs to update vehicle application chart as this filter does NOT fit a 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee as claimed . Design changed for the 2011 model year and the JGC now uses a different style filter . Luckily I have a neighbor who can use this filter in his 2009 JGC , otherwise I 'd be out the $ 's .
 I realize the ad for this said assembly required , but when we saw all those little pieces and screws we could n't quite believe how much assembly was needed . So I ca n't really rate how good it works , because it 's currently being slowly put together . it 's also very , very heavy .
 The gasket was the wrong size even though we had entered are car and it said this was the correct part for our car . After we received the water pump we saw that the gasket was included . The return process was very quick and easy , our money was promptly refunded and we are very satisfied with the whole process . We will buy from amazon again , unlike the thief 's on Ebay we will never buy there again .
 After first receiving the batteries I charged them all , only one of the six took the charge . After various attempts , I finally got 5 of the 6 to charge , but the sixth refuses . Makes you wonder if the vendor test their product before sell them .
 The batteries for cybiko were or are not good . They were tested with a very good charger.So do not buy this product
 its the same muffler as a cheaper version half the price ... made in the same factory as the emgo product
 I installed this control and within 2 weeks it failed . The installation is straight forward and took about 1 hour total . The vacuum switch that controls the heated/cooled air flow within the vehicle leaks just as bad , if not worse , than the one that was being replaced . And yes , it is the control switch that is leaking ... not the vacuum lines connected to it . Save your money and dont buy this .
 The part seems to be OEM but after a month of use the vacuum problem returned and even worst . I will say the part is completely worthless .
 The site said that this was the right filter for my car - year , make , model , etc. . However , it was about 1 - 2 inches too long . I was able to make it work by forcing and compressing , but definitely not optimum .
 well , i origionally gave this a great review . now after being on my truck for a couple of months I hear a very loud rattle in the muffler . I beleive a baffle has came loose.I contacted seller and they say they will replace is but I need to send them the part first . Now , this is pretty poor professionalism . I cant take it off and send it back because I need my truck to go to work . Its the only vehicle I have . !!!! If this is how they treat all their customers I dont know how they can continue to stay in business . NEVER AGAIN !!
 This is pretty much the exact same product asAIR SAND BLASTER KIT - AIR TOOLS , which sells for 80 % of the price . There is no way this product is worth more than about $ 25 , and even then , it 's not worth it simply because it does n't work . Please read my review for theAIR SAND BLASTER KIT - AIR TOOLSfor more detailed information about why the design of this product is so bad .
 There are NO directions or schematic for Tachometer 01-1637 to fit a 07-09 Honda Shadow Spirit VT750 C2 . -LRB- manual 01-1637 -RRB- The directions address the 1300 VTX and the Aero 750 but NOT the Spirit C2.What 's up with that ? I 'm still waiting to hear from the Cobra company .
 I had other bulbs that were a green hue . not these . The lights work fine , just not green as advertised .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 This light is NOT supplied with a lens . Therefore , it is not `` Weather Resistant '' as claimed .
 I had ordered this part for my truck an it said it would fit an I recieved the part an tryed to put it in an would not fit an then I get charged to send it back . Witch I do n't think I should have to since it said it would fit !
 Do n't buy this seat for the price ! It defiantely has a lowered look , but when i say that you will throw all comfort away ... I 'm not exagerating ! It feels like you are sitting right on your tailbone and I can handle some discomfort for looks , but spend the extra 100 bucks and get a Mustang or Corbin ! Trust me you wo n't regret it , but buying this one you will !
 We bought this product because it had good ratings on all the websites we checked . It installed easily and held more than enough for our 1,400 mile trip . However , on the second day of the trip the car top carrier began to shred . It had to be held together with duct tape in order to make the last leg of our 1,400 mile trip . We returned it and got a full refund .
 We packed the soft carrier pretty full but the contents shifted back a little once underway . We could see it through the moonroof andthe carrier seemed to be slipping backwards . We have an SUV with top rails but not cross rails . When we arrived we discovered that the top tore in several places on the backside of the load . Not near any straps so it must have been the wind force . It was worrysome on the road to wonder about it . May not use it again . Would not recommend unless you have crossrails on your car and use bungee cords too .
 We were excited about this item , but sorely disappointed ! Right after receiving it we put it on our car , got ready to head to Yellowstone , lightly tugged on the strap to slide it so that it was centered on the roof -LRB- and I do need to mention that it was not fully packed or even strapped down yet -RRB- , when the stitching came undone and the plastic ring , meant to hold all the weight and force of holding it on the roof , fell off . There was no way to attach it after that . If the strap could n't handle such a small tug , there was no way it would have be able to handle a stronger tug to make sure it was tight enough to stay on the roof !
 It was too hard to pack either on top of the car or packing things in it beforehand and THEN trying to hoist it on top of the car . Strapping it tightly was also difficult . I would NOT buy this product again .
 The part I ordered was ordered correct , but it will not fit.It is too short.It was ordered for my 2008 Town & Country -LRB- Chrysler -RRB- . Please advise mehow I return it and obtain the correct part .
 I was very excited to get this tool . I wanted to love it . After countless repairs using channel lock pliers on hose clamps , I was finally ready to upgrade . I had to change the radiator on the wifes 2002 Jeep Liberty , so I took the opportunity to snag a pair of these thinking it would make the job easier . I put them up on the first clamp , the upper radiator hose , and gave it a squeeze with my right hand . The ferrule that crimps on to the end of the cable popped off before the clamp even released the hose . I do n't know if this was just a manufacturing defect , or a weak crimp , but I did not even get 1 hose clamp off with this tool before it broke . I ended up doing the job with good old channel locks again . Amazon returned the tool without any problem , so I was only out the few bucks for return shipping . I did not re-order another one because after looking at it I think the crimp design is a weak point and would break again in the future . You might be able to modify it to secure it better , but for a new tool I should not have to do this . I would like to get another tool like this in the future , but will be looking for something of higher quality for sure .
 i want to buy a autometer shift ligth tacomether and they send me this charger . the picture on the article has be changed : s
 The slow person in front of you the in drive-thru fast food line wo n't be reading the bumpersticker on the car behind them . So I do n't see the point of purchasing this sticker . But if you 're in a fast food line , you might want to consider purchasing life insurance ...
 Pile is not as deep as the original lexus product . Matting on back of one piece was falling away . Color was as represented.Would not buy this product again .
 One of the worst buying experiences in my life . I just burned out my 4th set of bulbs , after buying the original set 7 months ago . I 've paid for shipping to and from Plasmaglow each time , filled out the paperwork , and wasted hours and hours mailing them back to Plasmaglow . These bulbs lasted between 3 - 7.5 weeks , not months , not years . 40 years worth of warranty , but I can barely get 40 days worth of life out of them . I am an aircraft mechanic for 24 years , I am installing them correctly , but the filaments keep burning out in the exact same spot . They are deamed faulty by the company , and after I pay shipping both ways , a fill out the paperwork then they 'll send me a new set . They refuse to help me , now that I refuse to keep paying their postage ! They wo n't answer my voicemails , emails , etc. . . This company in horrible , do not deal with them !!
 I got a REAR MASTER Cover and not the Dress up kit as shown in the picturewhat was in the picture says 3 pc what i gor is 2 oc on the site says fits on all VTX and on the packing says just for Retro
 This product went on easily and looked great . My first application resulted in a tremendous amount of spin-off , for which I originally gave this a 2 star rating . However , I realized that I did not follow the directions of waiting to drive a full 15 minutes after applying . I reapplied it this weekend , let it sit overnight and it made a world of difference . There is still a small amount of spin-off , but I attribute this to the Goodyear Fortera tires on my Jeep . These tires have grooves on the sidewall , which holds more gel than you really need for the tire.I recommend this product , but give it time to dry before you drive .
 Alhough the product is ok , I am very dissapointed in the color , it is supposed to be purple , but it is actually PINK , if I had known that I would not have ordered since I do not like Pink . But it is not worth the hassle to return . The matching mats are great though . They are actually PURPLE . Do n't expect matching items with this one .
 single suction cup does not work and the placard will fall out after driving around for 30mins . if this had a double suction cup then the design would be much better
 followed all the instructions -- using alcohol to clean the windshield , moisturizing the cup -- but the sign would still fall off after a few minutes or a minor shake .
 The single suction cup does n't stick well to the window and keeps falling off . I 've seen others who uses clear packing tape to tape it to the back window which is what I 'll have to do also .
 Vacuum suction cap does not work for me ! I was trying to put it on the rear windshield and it wound not stay for more than 60 seconds . I think that beats the purpose ...
 These `` baby on board '' signs are small and inexpensive , but because they are opaque , they create a visibility problem by obstructing part of the view , no matter which window you place them on . The suction cup is also prone to detaching no matter what you do -LRB- including cleaning the window with alcohol wipes and moistening the cup itself with good old saliva -RRB- . I should have bought something that 's see-through so I can see everything unobstructed , especially when I 'm changing lanes while driving at 75 mph .
 We got one of these and within 6 hours of being in our car window , it melted under the summer sun . We got a magnet one , which sticks to the outside of the car , does not obstruct your view and can stand the hot New Mexico sun .
 When I use it on my car , it never stuck on the car over 20 minutes . I bought it since I read the amazon review that looks not bad . But when I used it , I realized it is a poor product .
 The various components are good quality
 Not sure what happened but this was not compatible with my car and it said it was when I checked it ?! . . Had to return it . . would double check the numbers on an auto site . .
 The product I received does not look like the ventshades in the picture . The ventshades I received are MUCH more streamlined and do n't extend down beside the mirror . What I got are very thin/streamlined versions of what 's shown in the picture.I 've had the oversized version like the ones pictured on other trucks , they were great at letting you drive with the windows down and kept out the wind.I bought these for a 2005 Ford 150 , regular cab with the hopes of driving with the window down . These ventshades do n't block any wind at all . this was a complete waste of money and time .
 I did get a Boston Bruins plate frame , but it has a tiny bruin logo in the bottom middle portion . I was disappointed , but it was a gift and I would not have had time to return etc. .
 I purchased my generator from Home Depot on 13 April . I had a licensed electrician install a manual transfer switch . On 8 June , we had our first power outage . The generator started up immediately and ran for 10 minutes and then shut down . On restart , it ran for 5 minutes and shut down . After about an hour of this we decided to just weather the 96 degree heat with no electricity.The next morning , I called Briggs & Stratton and followed their voice prompts which gave me the name of a local `` Briggs & Stratton authorized warranty repair facility '' . I loaded this monstrous machine into my SUV and drove it over to the designated facility . About an hour later , I received a call that the `` authorized Briggs & Stratton warranty repair facility '' could not do the work because the Briggs & Stratton generator had a Generac motor on it . Another trip to pick up the generator and then called Briggs & Stratton back . After 1 1/2 hours of listening to how important my call was and that my called would be answered by the next available customer service rep , I called Home Depot from my cellphone who was willing to issue a refund even though the generator was more than 30 days old.I give this Briggs & Stratton 8000 watt generator a 1 only because 0 was not an option . I would give Home Depot a 10 . Robert H. MerrimanFelton , PA
 I just received my '' Elite '' generator just in time to go on my yearly camping trip . I started it up and it puts out a total of 3 1/2 volts . Its kind of hard to run my fifth wheel campers ' air conditioning on that kind of current . Now I 've had to find a service center , haul it there , be told they ca n't get to it for a week and I 'm out of a generator . Now I have to see if I can rent one , at probably quite a fee , to use for my trip . The engine fires right up but has a noticable miss every 2 or 3 seconds.The free shipping is also a joke , I got a call from a truck terminal a half hour 's drive away to come get it . When I got there they could n't find it . So many cell phone minutes later I was finally able to assist them in locating it . What an experience this has all been . Next time I 'll go down to the local hardware and buy a Honda .
 Please be aware that Briggs and Stratton 's warranty is a joke . This applies to all their products . I had a brand new mower engine blow up on me -LRB- literally -RRB- after only a couple hours of use and putting oil in it as per the manual . B&S calls it a maintenance issue and washed their hands of me leaving me out the money on the mower , the money to have someone look at it after it blew up and money to ship the mower to them . Their customer -LRB- no -RRB- service does n't even bother calling me back to talk about the problem .
 This tank is the correct size and fit fine but the o-ring seal was the wrong size . I tried using it anyway and it is leaking like crazy when it heats up . I ca n't find any way of getting a hold of the manufacturer , so I 'm stuck with this . Not sure what to do .
 Certainly can not recommend it as the adhesive is poor and space where the decal is supposed to fit is anything but flat , making it even more difficult to apply.That said , if you are very careful and lay it just about perfect without having to adjust it in any way the result is adequate . Barely.Still , definitely not recommended .
 This is the worst thing I ever bought on Amazon . I followed all the directions and the decals wo n't stay on . Worst part is that the shipping cost more than the item . Stay Away .
 I Bought This Item Kuryakyn Hypercharger PN9999 For My 2006 HD XL1200C . The Ad Claimed To Have Everything I Needed . The Ad Said It Would Fit My Bike WITH STOCK CARB !!! . Well When It Came Time For Step 2 In The Instruction Sheet It Said To Install The Carb Adaptor Plate And My Old Breather Assy . So I Called Tech Support And They Told Me I Had To Buy A Crank Case Breather Adaptor Kit For XX Amount Of Dollars . But If I Would Have Bought The Pro Series Kit , That Would Have Included The Breather Kit . W.T.F. . So I Sent It Back . AT My Expence Of $ 14.88 Through Fedx . Now They Are Trying To Charge Me A 20 % Restocking Fee . I Will Not Do Business With Powersport Superstore Again . Buyer Beware !!!! .
 I had a canon printer that kept slipping papers . So I applied this to the rollers . Imagine my reaction when the rollers grabbed so strongly over 50 pages got stuck inside the jammed printer.Oh well .
 The first time I tried to use this , the filter was on really tight . This wrench crushed the filter while it was on the car instead of twisting it off . Then the band on the wrench bent , and one of the swivel-posts came out -LRB- which is a rivet , not a bolt , so I ca n't do anything about it -RRB- . Yes , my filter was on tight , but if you want your wrench to break at the first sign of a hard job , do n't get this .
 I bought this because of the Thule name and the good reviews . I went on a week trip in November and when I returned home and was unloading I noticed the coating is flaking off on the top . Not just in stress areas , but several places on top . I did not abuse this item . It appeared fine when I got it . I will continue to use it , but it is not as water resistant as it should be . If waterproofing is important I would go for a hard shell .
 i optain this product trhu amazon it always says origenal buth whenthe time comes to instal there the problem starts the holes to conect to the standard do not compeet . so lots of extra work end expences at the end it works fine buth its not just changes its more than that . for the rest it works fine buth beware off the extra instal costs . jacob puister costa ricato day afther one week off installing the window motor its failing again the mecanic opend the motor and the results where bath the inside treths off plastic wornd out AFTHER ONE WEEK !!!!!!!!! so this product for my is a waste off money very bath material .
 The wind screen collapses at speed or in high cross winds . Prior models were better engineered and were more functional .
 Purchased four New injectors for my Honda Accord - totally stock . One of the four developed electrical short and two others became intermittent within less than six months of use . That 's THREE out of FOUR less than six months old failing . The fourth one is OK so far , but have no confidence in it lasting much longer either . Buy some other brand . The originals had 150K miles but at least never did this to me .
 Timken HA590057 Axle Bearing and Hub AssemblyThe hub assy . inside this Timken box is part # 512219 which is similar to parts plus bearing for $ 33.71 at autoparts123somehow this item may have been altered or replace to a Korean manufacturer . Precision 512219 Hub Assembly
 Ordered it . Wanted to use it right away for a road trip . it was completely the wrong size.I ended up cutting it up and gluing it into the filter tray .
 I bought this for my 2012 F150 . I checked with the Lund web site and it indicated this would fit . Neither adapter worked . I e-mailed Lund 's customer service . No response after a week . I e-mailed a second time -LRB- both times using Lund ; s online form -RRB- and received no response after two business days . I am returning the product . It 's a shame . Seemed to be a descent product , but useless without the correct adapter . It will make me think twice about buying another Lund product since there seems to be no customer service .
 i was expecting these to be somewhat blue even though i know it 's halogen . you get what you pay for and these are just like the stock halogen lights . do not buy if you dont want a halogen look . i was trying to match these bulbs to my hid 's on my celica . does n't match at all .
 Trying to match the the halogen turning lights on my BMW to the HID headlights . They look no better than the stock halogens . Quite yellow . No improvement whatsoever . A complete waste of money .
 I had a completely different experience than the previous reviewer . All it did for me was turn the brake dust into a goo that not only would not hose off , but it was a pain to get it completely off with rags . I would rather have taken a dry rag to a dry wheel .
 I bought these in hope of wearing them over my glasses at work in a dusty environment after eye surgery and to protect my eyes from the wind on my motorcycle till my eye heals . My glasses are 5 5/8 '' wide X 1.5 '' high . The way the Big Ben Goggles bend/wrap around to conform to your head do not permit them to fit without smashing my glasses against my face and even then the corner of the glasses hit the lens of the Big Ben preventing the foam from sealing , unacceptable for my application . With no glasses on they are very roomy . Two star rated for my application . About the only fit over glasses I have been able to use are the solar shields -LRB- 5.75 '' wide -RRB- that I got at the doctor . They are so big that they work great on the bike to block out the wind but have no effect on dust at work of course . -LRB- would n't / ca n't wear sunglasses at work anyway . -RRB- In the future when buying glasses I 'll take a tape measure with me to measure the width of the new glasses to make sure they will fit under a pair of goggles for the bike . Or else spend hundreds for an Rx pair of motorcycle glasses .
 I knew these where going to be big and maybe a little bug eye but this is ridiculous . I 'm 6 ' 7 so I have a very big head , most hats wo n't fit me . These glasses are big on me and make me look like a fly . Way too big , laughable . They will fit over my glasses but they smash my small frame glasses against my head . I 'm glad I only spent 10 dollars on these because they look too stupid to use . yes they are comfy to wear but that 's it . I ca n't say it enough so I 'll say it again , way too big !!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I had a very bad experience with the customer service at WeatherTech . However I found the email ID of the CEO of WeatherTech and emailed him about how I was treated and how my order has been delayed and guess what he replied in 1 minute . He personally took care of my issue and got my item shipped over fast . I was really impressed . Inspite of it being the holidays he reponded to each and every email.The item fits like a glove . And I would certainly order from them again .
 Just Bad - that pretty much sums it up . This has to be the worst customer experience in 20 + years . WeatherTech customer service , delivery , and product quality all fell painfully short - so much so that I threw the mats out and bought a replacement set off the internet from another company . WeatherTech advertises that they are `` Made in the USA '' - that may be true , but the quality is horrible . When I called to complain on the item received , the customer service rep rudely told me their products meet the highest standards and that they would replace the mats but that I had to pay shipping both ways . Never Again - Just Bad .
 I CA N'T EVEN EXPLAIN HOW MAD I AM WITH THIS UNETHICAL , UNPROFESSIONAL CUSTOMER SERVICE OF WEATHER TECH . THEY ARE JUST WORST KIND OF PEOPLE . I AM SURPRISED AMAZON STILL DOING BUSINESS WITH THEM .
 Followed the WeatherTech website prompts to order `` superior fitting '' front floor mats for my 1979 Jeep CJ7 . Not the rear mats that `` are designed to be trimmed , '' just the fronts . When the floor mats arrived , I find they are too long and do not fit . Customer service says send them back for a full refund minus shipping cost . Customer Service rep , Dereck says they will not cover return shipping because the mats are not vehicle specific . What ? While the instructions say
 I purchased the Weather Tech Floor mats for my 2003 Mercedes Benz s430 based on the ad I saw repeatedly on TV . I was very impressed with what appeared to be a great product , one that was designed exactly as I would have done with curved up edges to the sides of the floor area and exactly the size of the floor well area . What a surprise I found when I received my mats and found them to be nothing as pictured on TV ! not only were n't they curved up at the sides , they did not cover the floor area of the car . The rear mats were so short that I thought perhaps I made a mistake , and rechecked my order information . It was correct ! I sent a note to Weather Tech , who promptly answered me `` some weeks later '' , stating that they did not make `` digitally sized '' mats for my make , model and year Mercedes ! They started making them in 2005 !!! They sent me the `` all weather mats '' !!! So I paid $ 115 for mats I saw in Sam 's , that were identical for $ 19 . They sent me a link to their engineers who from time to time retroactively fit older cars ! What a lesson learned with Weather Tech and Mac Neil Automotive ! Rip Off artists of the highest degree ! Stay Away !
 I purchased a $ 89 Weathertech cargo liner that was `` computer designed '' for a Smart Car . What was shipped to me was a rolled up , flimsy , ill fitting , over-priced piece of junk liner . If it was computer designed to fit the Smart Car then the computer was a few chips short of a $ 2 TI hand-held . The liner does n't fit right , wo n't fit right and allows any liquid that does spill in it to drain out over the lip between the cargo area and back seat and dump onto the floor . Heck of a deal .
 I did not even look at this product . I openned the packing slip and was disheartened with what was shipped to me . I ordered a chevrolet Equinox cargo tray and received a toyota cargo tray instead . If that was n't bad eough , I have been calling the company -LRB- ALL TIME AUTO -RRB- in which I received the product from and have had to leave a message everytime . I have not received a call back despite my many efforts . I have also contacted Amazon via online site and have not had a response from them either . At this point my frustration is increasing and I hope that I will soon get this issue resolved . Sincerely , Mounting frustrationWeatherTech 40268 Black Rubber Cargo Liner
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 though both the Brembo website and amazon Incorrectly state that this product fits Rabbits , none of the ? 5203 brembo rotors fit a Rabbit w / esp
 after relocating the mirrors to the windshield frame the passenger side mirrior is blocked by the windshield frame , making the mirror useless .
 no instructions , used wrong torx screw remover and stripped bolts , tried drillng out , but that did n't work , how hard would it have been to say remove these 2 ` t40 bolts ' and mount brackets on , CAN NOT be used with doors attached , passenger mirror can not been seen , good idea , but not great , a little dissappointed
 I had good experience generally with Amazon . But this one is an exception . Amazon says it should fit my 2008 Camry , but it do NOT . But the return is not much of a hassle . Amazon rules .
 I compared with OEM . it is longer than my OEM.This air filter does n't fit a 2009 Toyota Camry LE 4 Cylinder , however Amazon and Fram saying that it does.It is much too long by about an inch or so . I ordered one , tried it and am now returning it .
 FRAM claims this filter fits 2007 Toyota Highlander . It is actually a little bit too long . I tried force it in and broke 2 locking tabs and I regreted that I bought it .
 Product states that this fits a 2007 Toyota Camry LE 2.4 L when it does n't ; it was too big when I tried to install it . Amazon was courteous enough to issue me a refund without going through the trouble of sending it back to them .
 This review is for the parts ordering process , not the filter quality . The Fram filter is probably a decent filter for those autos that it actually fits.This air filter was included in Amazon 's `` Will fit your vehicle '' listing after entering my vehicle description -LRB- 2007 Toyota Hightlander Hybrid -RRB- . On arrival I found that this filter is obviously larger than the original equipment and thus will not fit into the filter housing . I had to request a `` Return '' from Amazon and have ordered a different filter that looks more like the original one . Hopefully , the second try will work out better than the first . It 's frustrating that the `` Will fit your vehicle '' routine will throw incorrect results . Be warned !
 Does not fit my 2006 Toyota Highlander Hybrid , despite what Amazon says on their web site . It 's more than an inch off in both dimensions , so it 's not even close .
 I double checked the year , make and model after I discovered the filter in the box was about an inch larger than the one in the car . Unfortunately , I waited until the weather was warm before deciding to change the air filter . Now I fear I am out of luck as it long past the expiration date for returns . It makes me wonder about my Prime Membership renewal . I am in the process of returning the filter . I wish I had read more of the reviews before ordering the filter , as there were several other customers with the same problem . I am guessing there is a data entry error somewhere in the bowels of Amazon 's coding.Fram CA9360 Extra Guard Rigid Panel Air
 recently ordered an air filter for my 2010 Pontiac Vibe -LRB- has a Toyota engine -RRB- and was sent the wrong size , got a Toyota filter but not the correct one . Do n't know how to return if that is possible .
 it was not a good fit , perhaps the wrong product was shipped . No more air filters online for me .
 Fram CA9360 Extra Guard Rigid Panel AirThis particular part wo n't fit the designated make and model which is 2009 camry 2.4 L . This error has to be corrected ASAP for I still posses this part in which I do n't have any of use to it .
 I agree with others , this is too big for a 2009 Toyota Camry LE 4 cylinder . Waste of time and money !!
 I have 2007 Toyota Camry LE . This filter does not fit my car , even though the site says it fits . The picture at the site is different from the product I received .
 This air filter does n't fit a 2009 Toyota Camry LE 4 Cylinder , despite Amazon and Fram saying that it does . It is much too long by about an inch or so . I ordered one , tried it and am now returning it .
 The filter will fit in the chamber but could not get the cover back on ... The filters shape was not consistent with OEM filter and because of this the cover would not fit ...
 Do not trust Amazon 's &#34; Find Parts that fit your vehicle &#34; feature entirely . Although it claims that this filter would fit a 2004 Highlander , it actually is not true . The size is nowhere close to what would fit . Fortunately , I found it out before it was too late to return . Returned it immediately.It will be immensely helpful if they listed the OEM part number -LRB- s -RRB- under Product Specs for what this filter is supposed to replace .
 Not well put together , should have spend more money on quality . Started to fall apart at installation . Mesh pockets have ripped apart .
 Seats are pretty nice and are good for the price . However , the seats are not the same pictured ! These have a yellow 3a Racing stitched into the top and the ones I received say &#34; tuned by matrix &#34; in white ... I 'm going to keep them because its going in my off road vehicle and they are still comfortable , it just would be nice if amazon would sell something that is pictured and not something completely different.Boxes came completely trashed , and I 'm surprised that the seats were n't torn or damaged . I did however have to run to my local hardware store because the included hardware was no where to be found . Long story short , they work , just do n't expect to get what is pictured .
 Both are driver side!Ones had some broken plastic on it ! -LRB- UGLY -RRB- Seat seems to becoming apart and Im not even using them , im returning them!THESE ARE LOOK GOOD ONLY SEATSI NEED SEATS!CRAP!Would not suggest ordering , the seats are comfortable -LRB- for small medium people -RRB- but What THE HELL!Light colored grey , and not exactly as pictures -LRB- the recline is a handle . -RRB-
 Ordered these thinking they would be easy install . Well after trying the two different adapters that came with the blades I finally figured out that to put these on my trailblazer I needed to take the old adapter from my discarded blades and use them for these to fit on the wiper hooks ... GEESH would have been nice if the instructions said you may have to do that !
 These are the worst wiper blades I 've ever had . They chatter and streak all the time and froze up badly in freezing rain making a dangerous driving situation worse . Do not buy these blades .
 Ad was misleading , part number was different than the picture . I was thinking I was ordering winter blades , but instead I received summer ones .
 The gap was a few inches wide out near the end , very annoying . I actually replaced it already with a refill for the old blade , but that one is n't perfect either.It was difficult to install , but that is because the directions were hard to understand and I was doing it wrong . If it is n't going on easily , try to reinterpret the instructions . There are two different types of hooked shafts .
 These wiper blades come with absolutely no instructions on how to remove old wiper blades and very unclear directions on installing the new ones . Still laying on my work bench.Trico web site no help .
 This product was a waste of money . Arrived quickly , but did n't work . Took it to a parts store thought maybe the battery inside was bad . They said it needed to be programed . There were no instructions for the `` do it yourself '' programming . Took it too a dealer . They could n't even figure out how program it . Worthless piece of plastic this turned out to be . Ugh > _ < . Really disappointed . On a good note , though do n't have that car anymore ; so no longer a problem ...
 Belt does n't fit . It is about 1/8th of an inch too short . I 'm going to heat it up and hope it will stretch out enough to work .
 For clarification , I own a 2008 chevy silverado with the standard box . . ie one that is 6ft 6 '' long ... and while the Putco website calls this the 6ft short box , this particular item actually is for the standard box.In the documentation , these rails also have instructions for Ford , Toyota and Dodge trucks ... and i wish those owners better success at fitment.The supplied bolts are not long enough to clear the rubber bushings that fit into the stake pockets . . so be prepared to go and buy longer bolts rather than have a Homer moment and try to trim the rubber bushings like I did ... When installed , the theory is that you tighten these bolts with an allen wrench , which compresses and expands the bushings to create a secure fitment into the stake pocket ... Which never happens ... So , since i trimmed the bushings I can not return this product , and although the rails are on and fastened , they certainly are NOT secure.I purchased these at a premium over the GM product to get the additional tie downs . . more fool me . . I should have bought the GM product .
 We are all familiar with these glass cartridge fuses.We all need at least 2 pieces of information
 i have a mazda 6 andi wanted a big shift knob to slicken it up . i prefer one that is at least 3 inches wide and tall . This shift knob is a little bigger than a ping pong ball . Way too small . the product is great quality , just not for me !
 I purchased this filter for my 2003 Toyota Matrix , base model -LRB- manual trans -RRB- . In addition to going through the `` make sure it fits '' option here , I also visited the Fram site and received confirmation that the CA9482 was the proper filter for my Matrix.Upon receipt of the filter , the first thing I noticed was that the picture on the box looks nothing like the filter pictured here . Nor did the filter look anything like the one installed in my car . The Fram CA9482 filter is pure white and there is a plastic divider down the center of the filter folds . It did not fit.I went to a local auto parts store -LRB- not one of the franchised ones -RRB- and the filter they had , while a different brand , looked exactly like the photo shown here and fit perfectly.While Amazon took good care of me when I asked for a return voucher , something is wrong between Fram and its Chinese manufacturer .
 I clicked to make sure this was the correct cabin filter for my car it was not . Now when I look it up it says it is not the correct one . Hard to return when you buy it on line I would guess .
 I love the size , design , color choice and shape of this car basket HOWEVER despite the little spikes on the bottom of the curved surface , it still tips over in the car very easily . I would suggest a false weighted bottom which I thought this design might include . I would suggest this product only if you have a secure area to place it in the car . I do enjoy the curved bottom but not enough to overcome the tipping issue .
 I thought maybe this was different than the one I already have . I do n't know what I was thinking . A waste of money . Whenever you brake fast , the basket falls over & dumps everything on the floor . What ever happened to the baskets that had weighted bottoms ?
 A lot of cars have a square or flat hump . Check you vehicle before you order this basket . Mine was flat and the basket would tip over with just normal driving . Another thing ... Mine was different than pictured . The basket pictured has straight sides from top to bottom . The one I received was inset at the bottom a 1/4 &#34; . Not a big deal , but thought I would let you know . Would return it but not worth the postage .
 I purchased the product in January 2012 . The Amazon web page says it fits my 2000 Chevy Malibu with 3.1 L engine . The price was great and there was no core charge . When I received the the steering pump it looked great but was slightly different than the original . I double checked the part number on Amazon and it still said it fits my car . I went to rockauto.com and acdelco.com and they both said it does NOT fit my car !!!! I realized this after the 30 days and there was nothing I could do about it . I am still amazed that Amazon still shows this part fits my car . I ca n't figure out how to contact them and let them know . Every part you order here should be cross checked with at least another reputible site . I hope someone here from Amazon reads this and maybe save somebody the trouble of buying this part when it does n't fit .
 Although product is advertised as VDO , and has a VDO sticker on the box , it is just a repackaged Chinese brand fan .
 I am actually pretty angry about this . I used to have that exact cup holder and loved it . When it finally broke after several years I have tried to find a replacement . I ordered this thinking I had finally found it . What I received was a standard cup holder I could have bought for $ 2 at any autoparts store . Naturally I have returned it and am disappointed at Amazon for allowing the wrong product to be pictured .
 I was anticipating this because I have a BMW with flimsy cup holders . The rubber quality is nice as is the color , but I was not able to get to hold on the door !
 I am giving this filter wrench 1 star just because it did not completely fall apart . I 've borrowed my neighbor 's older model , USA made Plews 70-715 filter wrench several times before purchasing one for myself . The difference in quality was night and day compared to the newer foreign made wrench . The cam mechanism which causes the jaws on the wrench to open and close would slip very easily when trying to remove a filter , even when only installed hand-tight . Save yourself some money and look into other options .
 It does not have a very wide range of filters it will fit and it is n't constructed very well.I have an older one like this that just takes filters off and it works great but I wanted a smaller one.I wish I could find one like my old one .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I decided to order this battery through Amazon since it was about $ 50 cheaper than local retailers . Since I 've never purchased a car battery online , I called Amazon and Optima to ask how a warranty claim would work when the battery was purchased through Amazon . The people I spoke with gave me some very surprising information , which I thought I 'd share with you :1 . Amazon only accepts returns for up to 30 days after the item was purchased . After 30 days , the customer will be referred to the manufacturer of the item .2 . Optima refers all online purchases back to the original retailer . The full warranty can not be honored through Optima unless the battery was purchased from one of Optima 's authorized online retailers . The authorized retailers are shown on Optima 's site ; Amazon is not one of them .3 . Optima is unable to honor any warranty for batteries purchased through Amazon because Optima is unaware of the condition of the batteries , the shipping procedures , how long the batteries have been in a warehouse , etc.The Optima Yellow Top series are arguably some of the best auto batteries currently on the market , but the money saved by buying from Amazon clearly is n't worth the almost nonexistent warranty .
 I bought eight of the Optima yellow top batteries for house batteries in a sailboat for the convenience of AGM , no fill , no spill , etc. . These batteries are charged by a state of the art 4 stage regulator , plus solar panels on a microprocessor charge controller . The batteries are all in one bank and charged/discharged equally and never below 85 % . In other words they are pampered . Now the bad , one battery failed within a week of installation . It started gassing and heating up even under a light charge . After about a year another one developed an internal short and its voltage dropped to around 8V . It was easy to detect by just touching the top . It was warmer than the rest . Six months after that , two more developed internal shorts with the same symptoms . These batteries are over rated . It appears that the build quality from battery varies widely . I will never buy another one .
 This battery was dead on arrival . After charging it just barely managed to turn over my 4 cylinder gas engine a couple of times before dying again . Do not throw your money away on this piece of junk .
 This is the worst wax I ever bought . Could n't find Rain Dance , so I splurged on this wax , thinking of how proud I 'd be after giving it a real shine . Wow was I disappointed ! It looked totally flat afterward . Did n't have time to fix the problem , so all winter , I looked at the flat paint , with zero water beading , and dirt just sticking to my car . I purchased Rain Dance via Amazon last week , and boy what a difference . Water 's beading , and I hardly recognize my glossy car . Do not waste your money on Meguiar 's Tech Wax Paste .
 This item originally was just the `` velourmat Red '' plus the long item number , it just recently changed to having a proper name including `` 968 '' in the title . However before this convenient name change , you would have no idea which car the product fit , except for what Amazon said . It told me this product was a `` fit '' for my 1983 Porsche 944 NA . Not true .
 The idea is really good and I could n't pass the price . I got this for my f350 truck . When I received it , I took it outside to install it in my truck . The size is perfect . I 'm not sure if it was damaged in shipping or what , but the 2 parts comes comes out really easy . When you lift the back , where you store your CD 's it well come a part . Also the cup holder are not deep , and it wo n't stay foot . Every time you turn , it slides.It would have been a good idea , if they made the wall thicker , put 4 holes in the corners . Or mold it to a hump cover . I guess you get what you pay for .
 These bolts are supposed to be replacements for the GM 476576 manual transmission flywheel bolts . I usually use the GM bolts but they have a long lead time at all of my typical suppliers right now and I need some fast , so I ordered the ATP bolts.I 'm not happy with the quality of the ATP bolts and will not be using them . They 're very lightly stamped `` 11.9 '' , and obviously not during the head forming process . The head has round machining marks on it as if it was turned . They 're Made in China according to the packaging . They have an unthreaded shank like the GM bolts , but it does n't smoothly transition to the threads . There 's just a step . There are no foundry markings at all.By comparison , the GM flywheel bolts have a forged head marking of `` 11.9 '' including a foundry mark , a smooth transition between the shank and threaded region , and a generous fillet under the head.When I contacted ATP for comments on my observations , they responded with the following : `` The ZX-200 bolts are sourced from an overseas supplier . We rely on the supplier 's engineering expertise to provide us with parts that are functionally equivalent to the OE parts . We have not experienced any problems with the ZX-200s . `` In the same email I also asked them if the bolts are tested to compliance with the 11.9 property class specifications . They did not respond to that question.I interpret this as meaning that ATP has not done any due diligence on the engineering of these bolts , they simply ordered copies of the GM flywheel bolts from a supplier in China.Note that I did n't order the ATP bolts from Amazon , I got them from another large online retailer of automotive parts . I thought the Amazon price was too high , however , they might actually come in a pack of 6 . In that case the price is fine .
 The dash mat was good quality but did not fit my rav4 it was not even close . Air vent holes were square when mine ar round and the contour of the mat was not even close . Beware this is not for 2012 model . And even though there was free shipping still cost me to send back .
 Piece of junk . Firstly , the wires were n't run correctly . The colors for identifying which wire goes to which turn signal were wrong . Left blinker turned on the right one , and vice versa . I had to cut and splice the wires onto the correct locations . That 's right ... even with the plugs . And then ... The thing melted after using it for a few months . Shorted out my whole lighting system , and caused me to lose all indicator lights until I removed it.Lest you think I just screwed up installing it , I did it twice . And this is not my first trailer wiring harness . It 's pretty idiot proof , the plugs only line up one way . Anyone who 's done this before knows that if you 're buying any harness , it comes with plugs , and just piggy-backs onto your existing wires via the manufacturer 's plugs . They only go together ONE WAY.Piece ' o crap . Definitely do not recommend .
 When I first seen this product I got excited , but unfortunately it turned out to be nothing but a big disappointment.I bought this grill inflator to use on a wood burning stove in my home.I figured it would work similar if not better than a wood below , it does of course work , but the con 's just out-way the pro 's . pro 's - It blows a nice steady stream of air.con 's - This thing is ridiculously loud , even if you barely spin it at all , and trust me you do n't want to spin it quickly , when spun at a decent pace the loudness can literally and accurately be compared to a power drill.The plastic tips ... why would you put plastic tips on any device that is used for fires . . epic fail ________________________ It probably is suitable for outdoor bbq use , but I would not recommend this to anyone for frequent indoor woodstove use . If I was to use this product at night even for a split second it would wake everyone in my home and probably the neighbors too .
 I have gotten to know quite a bit about bellows . I have used various types since the mid 80 's I use them to start fires in our fireplace insert . The insert has a type of catalytic converter that if you start fires with kerosene , it greatly reduces the life of the converter . So we have to start our fires the hard way.During the fall and winter we use a bellows almost daily so I 'm somebody who uses them far more than the person who only occasionally uses one to fire up his grill . I have had some bellows last me as long as 3 years . Most of them wear out far sooner than you think.If you are just buying this to fire up your BBQ grill occasionally you might actually be quite happy with it . In that case you may call it a five star but from the perspective of one who uses it daily I ca n't do that.I was not expecting much when I ordered this . By it 's picture it looked exactly like one I owned a few years back that lasted me two years . I liked that one because it put out a LOT of constant air and my fires started quickly . Nowdays it 's impossible to find a quality bellows like this because they are now cheaply made imports.This one only lasted me 17 days and there were days in that period that I got by without using it . On day 17 it 's low quality handle broke . During the days I used it it did not put out the volume of air that past generations of this type did.This unit consists of low quality plastic and very thin low quality metal . The tips that come with it are plastic and even a high grade plastic will burn or melt . This unit has a low price but in my opinion I did not get my moneys worth.I only recommend this unit for someone who only intends to use it a few times per year and then I caution you to be very careful with it .
 I 'm returning this for a refund for three reasons : First
 My title says it all ... broke pretty easily and was pretty loud when cracking her up till that handle broke off .
 This seems like one of those `` wait , we 'll double the shipment and halve the cost '' kind of items , except before they quadruple the value . As a bellows/grill-blower , the value is zero . I could seriously move more air for less effort flapping my hands or waving a magazine . It went from the box , to the grill , to the trash can in 5 minutes . Your mileage may vary .
 Do n't waste your time on this thing . It is flimsy and simply does not work . Save the trouble of asking for a refund as I had to .
 I was disappointed to find this part did n't fit my truck . I ordered it based on the drop down menus on the amazon sales page , with the final statement telling me it would work . The part is nearly identical to the original fuel pump with one major difference
 I ordered these and Amazon 's parts system indicated they fit the 2011 Toyota 4Runner . They do not . They fit earlier 4th Generation 4Runner vehicles . Also , when the seller shipped the filers they were not packed properly and one was cracked an unusable .
 The dash mat was good quality but did not fit my rav4 it was not even close . Air vent holes were square when mine ar round and the contour of the mat was not even close . Beware this is not for 2012 model . And even though there was free shipping still cost me to send back .
 Using your site , it pointed me to this model based on my car . When I received the product , it would not fit.something is wrong with your site ... Thanks and PEACE !!! Christopher
 The plastic compression fittings that were included with the deflector fell apart after about a month of being installed on my Titan . The only thing holding it on was the two `` E '' shaped brackets that hold down the corners of the deflector . It was rubbing against my hood , luckily I caught before it damaged the paint .
 Ordered item as explained on web site . When I received the product it was the incorrect size/model and did not fit . Was able to return with no issues . Would be careful with products of this type that are size/fit relevant to avoid returns and headaches .
 the shipping weight is 9.8 pounds and the weight written here is 7.2 pounds.why on earth do you give false information ?
 Great idea - compact , sleek , affordable , minimalistic , just enough to get the job done ... right ? NOPE . Everything about this step is great until you go to put it in your receiver and then -LRB- 2 -RRB- issues arise
 I bought this thinking it would be easier to access my Tacoma truck bed without stepping on the bumper and swinging my leg over or dropping the tailgate.With a 30 '' inseam the hitch step was about 4 '' below my bumper , causing me to do a split to throw my leg over the top of the tailgate.Taller folks may have no problem.I removed the bare aluminum step and powder coated it so it would kind of blend in.Not pleased with it , I replaced it with my receiver hitch and 2 '' ball and just do a balancing act like before .
 does not fit a 2010 Pilot ... i initially thought that the part that goes inside the receiver would be a snug fit , rectangular tube ... instead , its just a thin steel projection with a hole that does not even align with the hole in the Pilots receiver hitch ... i checked their website and it clearly stated there that it fits a Pilot perfectly ... had to improvise to install it by placing a couple of rubberized cushion between the receiver and the hitch to align the holes .
 I bought this for a Honda Ridgeline . Unfortunately , the way it is made -LRB- it 's not a full-length 2 '' tube -RRB- it 's not workable except on just-right hitch receivers is there is such a thing . I ca n't use it .
 Looks good but terrible fit in 2 '' hitch . Would not buy again . It dangles and rattles .
 Looks great , And seems like it would be strong but the length of insert is designed for certain vehicles but not all . It just flops around on a volvo xc90 factory hitch . It does n't even seat fully in to make it marginally useful . The hitches that it fits on should be spelled out . Worst part is I returned it , but never recieved refund or replacement or even aknowledgement !
 Only one hole on this item that does not line up on my hitch . If the hole in your hitch assembly is shorter or longer -LRB- farther or closer back from the end -RRB- than the hole on the step 's rod this will not fit correctly . You can either return it or drill a new hole as I did . Use a new drill bit if you make your own hole because the metal is very strong . It will take a while to penetrate both sides . The description of this item should be more detailed as to the location of the hole for the securing pin so that you can be sure it will fit your hitch . There are plenty of other steps out there . I would not recommend this one unless you are sure it will fit your hitch .
 they sent the wrong item , though , there link clearly states that it is the correct item . when i returned it via my local ups store , the folks at the store said they get a lot of these returns . my guess is that they have a certain version for ie , chevy , which will not fit on my gmc . big waste of time . only good thing is how easy amazon makes it to return it .
 Iam really very feeling very bad for this order for the first time with amazon the brake pad i receive is not for the car i need well they are clever they write the same number on the packed but when i opened it was something , i ordered i brake pad for Toyota land cruiser 2006 for the rear and driver and they send me a green and blue packet and was not nice to see its only the color what inside is the same pads small pads i even do n't know for kind of car its even not like the pads appear in the photos ... my advise is think twice before buying from this company
 This part does not fit a 2002 Jeep Liberty . From the research I have done , this fits Buicks . The big problem is I live in Ecuador , South America . It took a long time to get here therfore I am not able to return this part that does not fit my vehicle . A better job of part applications needs to be done . The correct parts I needed are Timken 513176 and 513177 .
 I wanted to mention just that , mine came with 4 clamps all too short to use . Had to baby the car to parts store with it all unclamped to buy ones that would fit.For the price you would thin they would have fit . And the instructions are not great .
 Worked great for exactly 2 years , then I tried to stop at a light that just turned red , and ... no brakes . The ABS was humming , and preventing the brakes from engaging . Almost T-boned a mustang . Immediately brought it into the Ford Stealership and had to pay $ 900 for a new one to be installed because the built-in ABS sensor was bad . Would have put in a new one myself , but I was 200 miles away from home and did n't feel like driving home in a 8,000 pound guided missile . I intentionally got the Timken due to the reviews in the diesel forums . Guess I got a bad one . Bearing seemed to be fine , sensor went bad . Either way , was a pain in the butt , and the wallet .
 Bought a set of replacement headlight assemblies for a 2002 Saturn L200 . The beam pattern of these units is absolutely horrible , and the adjustment mechanism is a close second . Tried to adjust after install and one of the two adjustment cams broke off ; happened on each headlight . Does n't much matter , though , the beam is so lousy you ca n't compensate with the adjusters .
 These covers were ordered and put on a new FJ Cruiser in mid-2007 . It is now May 2009 and they are really in bad shape . They , due to the heavy , shiny threads they are woven from , separate from the seams , shredding , I guess , would be the appropriate word . I have much cheaper , different type and brand on my Toyota Tacoma , for a longer period -LRB- at least another year longer -RRB- and they are still are holding up , with no splitting etc. . These Coverking 's are expensive , and were supposed to be heavy-duty , but ended up being a waste of a lot of money .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Installed new header and completely new exhaust on a project Jeep Wrangler 4.0 . The jeep is a part time driver for me , this muffler did not see 3,000 miles . It was removed after 18 months . It started rattling after 6 months , and finally got irritating enough I looked into what could be making all that racket . Everything looked great except for this muffler . It was already rusted on the lengthwise seam and both end rolled seams . The rattle was coming from inside this muffler . I could press firmly on one of the visible spot-welds and stop it , so an interior bracket was not welded properly and was flapping around inside it . I would like to enter s string of profanity here , the one I uttered while finding this little treasure chest tucked under my Jeep . But I wo n't because I want Amazon to publish this review , and I hope to warn my fellow Jeepers and anyone else looking at Walker Exhaust garbage , that Walker Exhaust sucks . If you get one for free sell it for scrap , it 's not worth taking the time to put it on your vehicle.So to be clear , this Walker exhaust muffler is junk . Do not buy it . I recommend avoiding their products .
 The price is cheap enough at $ 29.99 . The helmet fits high on the head and the visor is not usefull because of its small size . I would not purchase again although I would use it as a spare .
 This helmet is not esthetically pleasing at all . It sits high on my head making it look like I 'm about to go horse riding . This is not just my opinion but most of the guys and girls I ride motorcycles with . It is comfortable and is not hot during the summer heat . I took the visor off to improve the look and by chance it made the helmet fit better while riding ; the visor kept lifting the helmet up off my forehead .
 Its NOT universal , I have an 04 Mazda 3 and it did n't fit ... It also uses an adhesive vs. the better clip on kind .
 this is my second windguard from this company , looks really nice , but the ends keep peeling up , they need to put a stronger bonding tape on this , eventually they come completely off
 just does that its a rug that looks like poop ahould not have bought it but thought it would keep things from sliding across but it really doesnt stick down to dash so its look stupid
 Product does not fit my 1995 Audi A6 Quattro as described.The holes on the front mats are about 3 inches too wide and incorrectly placed for the factory mounting points . In addition , the mats do n't seem to line up properly with the shape of the floor.The rear mats are too large and do n't really line up with the floor either . The rear mats cover up the under-seat air vents by about 1 inch.This is not compatible with 1995 Audi A6 Quattro 's -LRB- and I imagine all C5 audi 's -RRB- . Not sure why it is advertised as such.It came with a note saying to contact Coverking with any issues . I contacted them 4 days ago and 2 days ago and received no response .
 Ordered this thinking it would help a bit but was slightly disappointed with the end results . Had a bit of a difficult time installing and ended up reusing the factory o'ring due to the inclosed paper gasket allowed the spacer to suck air and truck would n't run right . Looks neat and shiny but performance gains and at a absolute minimum , even when used with a cold air intake . Save your money and try something else .
 the product fit OK but was missing two bolts . Once installed on my ` 03 S10 pickup it sat to tall and the hood would not close properly . When I tried to return it I was unable to get into the return portion of Amazon . Very displeased with AMAZON .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 I do n't know if this is a water pump or a wiper blade . The picture is that of a water pump , yet the description says `` wiper blade '' . Would you buy this ?
 Thanks for the previous reviewer for confirming that the water pump does n't look like a wiper blade .
 Even after I washed it thoroughly before my first use it left horrible swirl all over the car ! Even on the first place it touched the paint it caused a huge number of small scratches ! I had just detailed the car and now it needs to be entirely redone.DON ' T EVER BUY THIS PRODUCT , at least if you like your cars paint at all .
 The blue flash is beautiful at night , that 's true ; but where is the scent ????
 These guards look great in the pictures but for the money they are way over priced . Here is a list of things that could be improved on these that I created while installing these .1 . Better tape . I 'm not sure why Rugged Ridge skimped on the tape for these but after installing the left gard as per the instructions it literally popped off . I went down to Kragen and got the best 3m tape they had and the guard fits flush just fine .2 . Quality control . For 50 plus dollars I would consider these a disappointment . The plastic was unevenly cut was thin in some areas particularly where the screrws go . The mold might have been crooked because the screw holes were also a little uneven .3 . Heavier duty . I know plastic is very strong but I was definitely disappointed with the weight and feel of the plastic as well considering the price . For 20 dollars I doubt I would have said anything but for triple that and more on other websites I was pretty annoyed . Definitely considered returning themThey do look nice once you get them on .
 I brought this for a long flight about 12 hours flight and I 'm using a creative zen vision : M . This thing is useless . wasted my money ! I will not recommend anyone to buy this worthless electronic . I put 2 AAA battery to see if that works and still no charge . I put it into the ear phone plug and it do hold a charge , but it does n't charge any devices ! Save your money ! buy a portable charger is better !
 Very disappointed , these locks were supposed to fit my truck , they do not fit it . I consider that pretty sad . I will have to mess with sending the dang things back now .
 The issue that i found is the addin/key adpter doesnt fit to the wrench that ford provides to me , so i will need to buy another wrench to use in this kit ... and to me this is not fare since says here that FIT WITH EDGE 2012 . and its not , and will make me to have 2 wrench in the car trunk ...
 this item installed on 2007 4runner , it is not a perfect fit.thr rear doors part they were hard to set in place and they bowed after , but no problem with the window up or down.the front they were easier to install did not bow but problem when lifting the windows up hitting the back end of the vent.you need two hands to push the vent out to be able to lift your front windows .
 I bought the Actron Kit to bleed the rear brakes for my motorcycle . The Actron kit is made of metal and comes with the standard jar to hold your fluids , hoses , and that 's about everything you need to bleed your brakes . The reason I bought this kit was because of the gauge on the pump so I could see if there was a leak somewhere in the system . I tried using the kit by connecting the black hose to the pump and the jug . From the jug there would be a clear hose to see if there are any bubbles in the fluid that you draw to the bleeder nipple . Unfortunately , I was never able to create a vacuum due to the flawed design of the jug . I tested every connection with the pump and gauge and I could always create a vacuum until I connected the hoses to the jug . This jug is also relatively small will probably not be able to hold that much fluid , and once the fluid gets to the top it will be sucked by the pump . Fortunately , the pump is metal and you 're able to clean it . I had high hopes from this kit but it did n't work out for me .
 `` easier brake bleeding without the mess '' - unfortunately , that was not my experience .1 -RRB- a lot of my time/effort even after using sealing lubricant was spent ensuring that air does not enter through the gaps between the cup and the cup cover . The design of the cup is flawed - should n't the cup cover atleast tightly fit the cup ? .2 -RRB- air leaked through the threads of the bleeder screw , and there is n't any way to prevent it . I do n't know if other kits prevent this problem . Fortunately , this problem did n't have a severe impact on the outcome .3 -RRB- the glass on the vaccum dial broke even under normal use.I hope Actron fixes design flaw # 1 and # 3 .
 This is a fine vacuum test kit , but garbage for bleeding brakes . I could not get a tight seal around the brake bleeders no matter how much grease I used on them and the cup . The cup is also very brittle and feels like it 's going to break just putting the hoses on it.I went back to my simple tube with a check valve in it and a second person pumping the brake pedal - works great . Save your money and do n't bother with this kit .
 This product seems like a great idea , but its much easier , quicker , and more effective to find a buddy to pump the brakes for you .
 It 's made in China , only mentioned on the packaging , not even on Actron website . I am exchanging it for the pump made by Lisle .
 After opening it and using it a few times , it broke -LRB- the metal pieces securing the handle to the pump shaft popped off -RRB- . For such a sturdy and solid design as a whole there should n't be this weakness , very bad/fragile design . It 's a shame , I chose this product due to its perceived quality so this exact scenario would not happen -LRB- the plastic one I owned before did the same thing -RRB- . If you expect to get some real , solid use out of this pump you might look elsewhere to one of the other metal pumps -LRB- mityvac seem to be a good alternative that do n't have this design flaw -RRB-
 Purchased to bleed brakes on a motorcycle . The pump itself is pretty good and sturdy but that is were it stops . The container is too small and it is almost impossible to stop it from leaking . The amount of sealant included in the kit is laughable and not even remotely enough to use the kit once . It is hard to make any kind of connection with the various adapters that does n't leak . I was able to get the job done but this is not a very impressive kit .
 I would have saved my money had I known what pain it would be to seal this up for use . I ordered a pump that fills from brake reservoir under pressure by motive products specific to my app instead after all of the trouble .
 I picked one of these up at a long store a few years ago . We 've used it only a few times and it never really seemed to have much of an effect on the temps of the contents . No more so than a cheap cooler bag would 've . Finally , this last trip , the motor just gave out altogether and now it wo n't even switch on . Seems of poor quality
 I was using points on my old chevy . I did not want to deal with the hassle of setting points and such . I love the HEI stuff . I did not think I had enough room for one so i bought the Pertronix Ignitor II along with pertronix coil and wires thinking i would gain more power and avoid the hassle of the resttings points.I was not getting the power that I should have and it began to degrade over time . I thought it was the carb going bad so I rebuilt the carb , reset the plug gap , bought new plugs , reset the timing , checked the cam lobs , the valves , the timing chain , engine compression , coil , wires , recalibrated the pertronix module in the distributor several times in the past 4 years . I was still not happy with the performance , so I checked everthing again and again . I did not really think anything of the pertronix , untill one night I dicided to slap in an old HEI distributor that I had laying around . started right up , reset the plug gap , and got the power I was expecting . I hated driving my chevy , I am falling in love again once the HEI system was put in.If you are looking for a point replacement with no performance benefits . go right ahead and buy this . I was not happy with this product . I could not even contact support for recommened plug gap or general questions.in a 0-5 scale with 5 being the best.support
 I bought these for my company truck F-250 . The ad copy had good words ... tough . . fiberglass backing etc. . The did bolt on fine . In less than one month one of them had split across the center about 10 inches . I called the seller and they said ... we only warranty these for 14 days . . after that nothing . I would expect them to last more than 14 days . I dont even know if a defect warranty can be just 14 days . I am trying to get Amazon to help me but so far not luck.Also . . when contacting the seller -LRB- I found their phone number on the web -RRB- I think I woke someone up . . it took a while for them to get back to the phone after answering.Too bad . . these mud flaps do look nice when they show up . Just not nice a couple of weeks later . Mine were not rubbing on anything and look absolutely brand new except for being split in half.I hope they can send me a new flap . . or refund but they say no . . 14 days have passed.Dont Buy These .
 Not an OEM fit and has to be more or less forced into place . Appearance was not a big concern on my old , rusty Civic so for the price I suppose I do n't have much to complain about . If you want quality go with the original Honda part but if you are just looking to keep an old rusty car street legal and do n't mind the possibility of having to zip-tie things into place , then this part was made for you .
 I agree with the other reviewer , but I 'm angrier about having wasted my money on this product ! In the 2 years that this product actually worked , just like the other person said , it was constantly losing its charge in the extreme heat and cold conditions that you find in the trunk of a normal car -LRB- particularly if you do not have your own garage ... -RRB- . I was able to use it successfully just ONCE . Of the other two times I needed to use it , one time it could n't do the jump because it was n't fully charged , and the other time it could n't do the jump because it was n't fully charged * and * I accidentally left the radio on when I tried to do the jump . -LRB- Warning
 After about 2 years mine no longer holds a charge . Brand new it would n't start a dead battery in above freezing weather . Do n't depend on this to get your car started in a jam . You will have more success push starting your car uphill .
 In about 2 years the unit 's battery failed to charge . The green light comes on and then goes back to red in about 10 seconds so basically a dead unit or a very expensive dim lantern . The light works on a low charge level . if you only need it for a short while and then plan to replace it might be worth 10 or 15 dollars new .
 Unfortunately the product was defective . The company was very customer friendly.I did not have any problem returning it for credit .
 I 've owned this model for ... oh ... quite a long time , I 'd say about 13 years or so -LRB- I might be off -RRB- . In that time I 've only needed to use it one time - when the alternator went out on a car I owned , and I had to get it replaced . Without an alternator , of course the battery drains instantly , so I could n't get it down to the shop . I decided to connect this to the battery to start the car - 1996 Chrysler Sebring convertible V6 , for reference - and then just left it connected and closed the hood , driving with it attached to the battery . I made it all the way down to the shop ... a distance of about 5 miles , and it never cut out , never died , never failed , even when I parked at the shop . I was quite impressed at this feat.The reason I give it two stars though , has to do with what I consider not only a serious issue , but potentially a fatal one . The included AC adapter might have issues when charging this device ; I noticed one day that mine was beyond hot , and the outer casing was melting ! I 've included pictures so you do n't think I 'm joshing you ... The potential danger of something like this negates any true benefit . I like the device , but I think they need to go back and retool the device to use maybe a retractable extension cord or use better fuses or something else to avoid things like this . It could burn your house down easily , especially if you leave it charging in the garage.Just be careful when deciding on this device .
 I agree with the other reviewers
 when this thing arrived the glue holding one of the solar cells in place had broken away from the casing , leaving the cell dangling by two thin wires , I was surprised the solder held , this thing is obviously cheaply manufactured ... , did n't check but if you told me it was manufactured in china of substandard parts I would n't be surprised , good news is Amazon promptly had the thing picked up and refunded my money ...
 I just received the Wagan Tec 2053 charger . Amazon 's web page states that adapters are supplied for several uses . One use mentioned is a 12 volt vehicle plug ! However , the unit did not contain an adapter for this use !!!!! The manual also references a 12 volt plug !!! I would like to have known this BEFORE I bought the item !!
 I received my Wagan 2053 solar charger about two weeks ago from Amazon . I wanted a solar charger with replaceable batteries as opposed to the lithium ion versions where you are forced to toss the entire unit out in 2-3 years once the battery stops working . It seems to try and be green with solar power , but be throwing the units out after only few years.Also , modern NiMH batteries last for 2000 cycles so even if I used this charger once a day , I would not need to replace the batteries for 6 years . For comparison , the lithium ion chargers get about 1/4 as many cycles.How does it look/feel ? The charger is solid , but nobody will mistake it for a premium product . It is also not a very pretty gadget.How does it work?it works OK . I tried three different phones and it only worked on one of them . It would not charge my Blackberry Curve or my Nokia N900 as both require some intelligent charging circuitry in the charger . This unit merely has a 5V charging socket without any intelligence . In contrast , the Solio models all charge these two phones fine.The charger came with a collection of tips for phones 5 that existed 5 years ago . Most phones use micro-USB these days and there is no included micro-USB tip.Another problem I had is that one can not charge the device because it requires a specific 12V adapter which is not included.If you take it somewhere and deplete the batteries , there is no possibility to charge it up from a wall socket because the device requires a specific 12v adapter which is not included . Most similar products will charge from USB which makes it easy to charge them up on the go when it is not possible to charge via the solar panels.The only controls on the device are a three way switch that allow you to select 12V/Solar , Power From Batteries , and Charge Batteries . The `` 12V/Solar '' option is a strange design choice as it is intended to be used when there are no batteries installed so that device can charge your phone directly from the solar panel instead of through the batteries . I question the utility of this option.In Conclusion : It works , but not particularly well . There are better options .
 The unit arrived broken , and it appeared that someone had opened the package . The unit appeared to be very flimsy and low quality . One of the panels had completely broken off and one of the wires had been cut . Returned for refund .
 it 's a nice looking helmet , and aside from the chinstrap , it fits well too . i read a review before I bought the helmet , and I agree w / that review . the chin strap is in the wrong place , so it 's more of a choker , than anything else . additionally , at highway speeds , chinstrap will loosen up , and the helmet will try to slide off ; trying to readjust the chinstrap is near impossible . then the quick release on the chinstrap is unreliable ; it holds securely when riding , you do n't have to worry about that , but when you try to remove the helmet , maybe the quick release will release , maybe it wo n't . in the end , the only problem with the helmet is the chinstrap , but there are 3 problems that i 've had with the chinstrap , and unless the manufacturer can correct those deficiencies , your money is better spent on a different product.mike
 This product completely etched my formerly clear fog light and turn signal white on my 2005 911 Carrera S. No warning on the can . Had to sand down the lens using sanding disks from the 3M Lens Renewal Kit to removed the damaged top layer of acrylic lens . Do not get on plastic ! No warning on bottle or website . Does an OK job of removing tar from painted metal .
 I used this to clean the surface of my vehicle to install a 3m clear bra . It cleans good , but do not get it on plastic ! It permanently stained some black plastic on the grill . Did n't see anywhere on the can that it does this . It may be useful for other applications , but not this particular one .
 Ruins everything that has adhesionistic properties . I KNOW this , because I ruined my daughter 's tape , my tape , my cat 's tape , and all our macceroni art . We have many years of macaroonii art . My daughter cried for 14 hours . No real life applications but -- if mixed with a bottle of glue , totally disappears . Like -0 . Good for magic tricks , not for macarooni art . Now I ca n't show my macarooni art to Barnie Fark ! He was proud when I saw him in my head . We just wanted to remove one Macarooni from the Macarooni Lisa , and ruined it ... Here 's a list of complaints besides the above singlegraph.Cannot refill product , or put the anti-adhestionistic spray in can a second time , nor can I enjoy the can after the product has been ejactulated since the anti-adhestionistic has taken all our macarooni .
 The product is misrepresented as a custom fit liner . It is a universal fit that must be cut to fit my Toyota Highlander . This is completely unacceptable and I am attempting to return the item .
 I purchased these 15 months ago and within 1 year they began to show signs of rust.I would not purchase . Amazon was of little help , they recommended contacting Weston to resolve .
 This part description says passenger side and it is not!Shipping cost as much as the part and I ca n't use it !
 Do not buy this product to gain a whiter appearing light . After installing the light on one side of my vehicle , a panel of my neighbor , wife , and myself , could not see any difference between the PIAA bulb and the stock bulb . I wasted my money , do n't waste yours .
 Although the fit is supposed to be universal , this did not fit my seats on my 2003 Subaru Impreza Outback Sport -LRB- I know , it 's a mouthful . Love the car , but the name is a bit long -RRB- . The photo is misleading as to how the headrest cover works . It looks like it can attach to large headrests , but the photo shows it in an `` unsecured '' state . To have the flap that covers the headrest stay in place , it has to wrap all the way under and make contact with a velcro section on the inside of the headrest flap . It does not use elastic straps like the rest of the cover/cushion . Even if it had fit , I would still have returned it . The foam is very cheap and offers no real cushioning and will only compress with time.The `` lumbar pillow '' offers no real support . I bought it for lumbar support and it was honestly useless for this purpose .
 Mine is already ripped , there is almost no lumbar support and the bands that are supposed to keep it in position are all broken !! Its useless
 Says it fits the 3.4 L 4Runner engine but is actually for the 2.7 L Tacoma engine . Does not fit what Amazon said it would .
 I tried to put this filter in , but would not fit -LRB- which was supposed to fit my 4Runner -RRB- . . So ca n't review as far as performance . . but give bad ratings for saying it would fit in my vehicle !
 On June 1st , I came to Amazon and found what I thought was a `` deal '' for a Fram PH7328 Extra Guard Passenger Car Spin-On Oil Filter -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- . I was incorrectly led to believe that the notation of '' -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- '' would mean for $ 6.67 , if I ordered 4 units , which I did , I would get 4 units of the filter @ that price and be getting `` 8 '' filters . AutoPartway.com does not reference actual purchases in that fashion . Thought there are two advertisements for this filter , one noting -LRB- pack of 1 -RRB- and the other -LRB- pack of 2 -RRB- , there appears not to be any discrepancy between these notations by Amazon . I ordered 4 of the ads noting -LRB- pack of 2 -RRB- and only got 4 filters ... I say Run from this advertiser and from Amazon.com ... no one seems to stand behind what they advertise on this site .
 i love these filters . i have one on all of my cars , and have had for soom time , however the filter shipped was not the right size
 doesnt work well as a filter . thats why car makers dropped the idea of cotton gauze as a filter medium back in the 50s . the intake on my truck was filthy on the inside after just 25,000 miles .
 This is my second set of Piaa Super Plasma bulbs and it 's definitely not as bright as the set I bought 2 years ago . These run at a lower temperature I think and still has a yellowish tint whereas the first set matched my xenon lights much better , they even have a slight purplish tint . If you 're looking for a set of bulbs to match xenons these are not the ones .
 The PIAA Super Plasma GT-X bulbs are a big disappointment . They provide less illumination than a standard bulb , but they cost eight times as much . If your primary purchase consideration is to have a purplish-yellow headlight beam , then you will like them . If your primary purchase consideration is increased illumination , then you should look elsewhere . Be advised !
 I have used PIAA for a number of years . I bought the 9006 plasma gt-x because the website claimed the color was 5000K . They are not white they are yellow -LRB- I did not buy the Plasma yellows by mistake -RRB- , if they hit 3500-3800K they would be lucky . They are no better than stock bulbs at 2.5 times the price . When I wrote PIAA about this for a refund , they basically told me to fly a kite . PIAA said they do n't give refunds and maybe I can get my money back from the retailer . The retailer does not give refunds for a product that works -LRB- they did n't make the claim of the color of the light -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- Bottom line , No company warrantyColor is not as claimedDo n't buy this product
 This is my 3rd set . PIAA Intense White were the best . Sylvania had a bright white color , but the pattern on the road was terrible . Just bought these thinking , these would be more intense white and/or purple bluish tint , neither is true compared to the PIAA intense white bulbs . The PIAA website description claims 5000K , but does not look it at all . My best bet would be the PIAA intense white PLUS next time . PIAA bulbs are far superior for the on-road pattern compared to Sylvania silverstar bulbs .
 -LRB- Used on a '99 Acura Integra -RRB- I felt my OEM bulbs were beginning to show their age , lacking in brightness and distance illumination -LRB- they were Sylvania -RRB- , decided to go with PIAA for their reputation . While not much brighter or whiter than OEM quality , they did seem to project a slightly `` cleaner '' light . The light is focused on the center , with more illumination to the passenger side than driver 's -LRB- probably to protect the eyes of oncoming traffic -RRB- . I 'm a little disappointed these do n't have a whiter shine , and a further reach , despite being advertised as 5000K and shine as a 100W bulb , NEITHER IS TRUE . Glad these did n't cost a fortune , because I 'm going to look for alternatives.If you 're looking for brighter -LRB- than OEM -RRB- and actually WHITE light , look elsewhere , but definitely not these .
 it 's a nice looking helmet , and aside from the chinstrap , it fits well too . i read a review before I bought the helmet , and I agree w / that review . the chin strap is in the wrong place , so it 's more of a choker , than anything else . additionally , at highway speeds , chinstrap will loosen up , and the helmet will try to slide off ; trying to readjust the chinstrap is near impossible . then the quick release on the chinstrap is unreliable ; it holds securely when riding , you do n't have to worry about that , but when you try to remove the helmet , maybe the quick release will release , maybe it wo n't . in the end , the only problem with the helmet is the chinstrap , but there are 3 problems that i 've had with the chinstrap , and unless the manufacturer can correct those deficiencies , your money is better spent on a different product.mike
 These were supposed to be a 10 pack and when i received them there was one -LRB- 1 -RRB- bulb in the pack.I will NOT purchase this item again .
 This socket connects to the wiring harness , but the slot is too small for the recommended bulbs -LRB- # 3157/4157 -RRB- . It is even shaped differently than the OEM socket . I should have listened to my instincts instead of the part finder .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I purchased to lower pressure on an outside faucet that is extremely high pressure . I have not tested the pressure , but it has burst three hoses . This device can not handle the pressure . It completely closed off the flow and caused my pipes to bang . Oh well , on to other options .
 I bought 3 of these and they stop all flow if the input pressure is less than the 40/50 PSI pre-set rating . Maybe they work fine at higher pressures but for RV use , where one does not know the input pressure , they seem pretty worthless .
 I ordered these filters for my MG Midget in February . They claim that sent me an email in April to reconfirm but I never saw it . In May they cancelled my order without my concent . When I called and asked to have it reinstated , they outright declined . I asked them to look at my purchase history , and consider losing me as a customer , and that made no difference either . I entered PH922A into a search engine and ordered 6 from RockAuto for $ 25.50 INCLUDING SHIPPING . It was a close out and I left a few for you . Do n't waste your time with Amazon back orders on these filters . You might miss an email like me and be waiting three months for NOTHING too . Search on !
 I bought these for my husbands 2009 Silverdao and when he went to put the firstone in it fell through never to be seen again .
 JUNK !!!! DO NOT BUY IF YOU LIKE YOUR TRUCK ! DO NOT FIT WELL ! Do n't get your hopes up thinking these will look good !
 Do n't think Amazon had much to do with it however after receiving the unit and seeing some suspicious marks on the plug , bench testing reviled a faulty ground circuit . Since the unit is suspended by rubber bushings the ground has to be internal to the harness and without it you get nothing from the unit . You 'd think A-1 might spend a couple of bucks on the packaging considering the $ 135 + retail price . Maybe it 's just better to play the odds that most of them will get through the system and last the 30 days . Pathetic . Thanks for wasting my time .
 I have REAL tuning equipment and a WRX and this is comically marketed at those that are really infantile in terms of reality . Should not be available to anyone despite profitable ignorance .
 First let me state that I 'm an avid Amazon.com shopper . I always seem to find the best deals on Amazon.When I opened this particular item , I was a bit shocked to see that the color was not solid black or gray . Instead it was a very dark shade of gray or black with light gray specs all over it . Not sure if it was because of the tweed material or not . Amazon 's customer service department quickly refunded my money without too many questions but I have to say this was the first time that I found the picture and/or description to be misleading.I blame myself a bit too . I should of read all of the reviews . For those looking at this item , please know there are many vendors on Amazon selling the same thing . To get an accurate review , you need to search all Saddleman Seat Covers . You will see what I 'm talking about.Quality - Poor for $ 120.00 - Thin , flemsy , poor fabric . I would suggest dropping the price to $ 50 or $ 60 . Color - MisleadingDescription - MisleadingPic - MisleadingAmazon Customer Service - Outstanding as always
 This cleaner is terrible it destroyed my couch . I had a camel leather with matte finish so it was not a high sheen or high plastic like vinyl that you find in many cars . It was a soft porous leather . The lexol Leather cleaner destroyed the couch , you can literally see where the product was sprayed onto the leather as it was directed . DO NOT USE THIS FOR NICE LEATHER FURNITURE . Trust me I nearly never review items unless they are absolutely great or . . a well you can guess the other . Again it works great for my volvo seats but ruined my couch . I hope you do not make the same mistake
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 First let me state that I 'm an avid Amazon.com shopper . I always seem to find the best deals on Amazon.When I opened this particular item , I was a bit shocked to see that the color was not solid black or gray . Instead it was a very dark shade of gray or black with light gray specs all over it . Not sure if it was because of the tweed material or not . Amazon 's customer service department quickly refunded my money without too many questions but I have to say this was the first time that I found the picture and/or description to be misleading.I blame myself a bit too . I should of read all of the reviews . For those looking at this item , please know there are many vendors on Amazon selling the same thing . To get an accurate review , you need to search all Saddleman Seat Covers . You will see what I 'm talking about.Quality - Poor for $ 120.00 - Thin , flemsy , poor fabric . I would suggest dropping the price to $ 50 or $ 60 . Color - MisleadingDescription - MisleadingPic - MisleadingAmazon Customer Service - Outstanding as always
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 3-in-One is such an old brand that you 'd think that you could trust it ... but not . Do n't use 3-in-One on anything you care about.The formula contains vegetable oil which is is in NO WAY desirable in a lubricant , because it turns gummy and sticky and attracts dirt and moisture.They may have some newer products that do n't contain this adulterant , but read the label very carefully.There are other products -LRB- such as WD40 -RRB- that have the same problem .
 Nice jack for the price but no attachments are included . seller needs to either change the picture or specify JACK ONLY!It is a very tough and handy tool though .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I bought this sticker as a joke to stick on my friends car . In its defense the sticker is very durable . But it is way over priced .
 Honda Civic car thefts are on the rise where I live . So I ordered this from Amazon . I tried on my two cars and determined that it does not fit either . The air bag theft protection plate is supposed to slide underneath the club gripping the wheel . But , most steering wheels are too thick for this to happen . I tried to slide the plate over the grip , but there is no room for that either . So , basically I wasted 65 dollars for a useless gadget . I have no idea what to do with . In the process of opening I destroyed the packaging , so I am not sure if Amazon will take it back or not . In any case , be warned . This gadget does not work at all ; at least for the Honda Civic and my other car .
 This steering wheel lock has performed sufficiently over a few years in my Toyota Camry . Just recently , however , the locking mechanism became stuck
 I purchased this product for Honda CRV . There are two sensors in honda crv . The description says the product will fit for the before catalyst -LRB- FRONT -RRB- . But this is a after catalyst sensor -LRB- BACK -RRB- . I returned it and got full refund and purchased DENSO 234-9064 .
 Product was sent with screws that would not work for assembly ... they were to big for the holes . Reading through the reviews , this has happened to others . Pretty surprising , and not a minor problem if you actually want to use the product as purchased .
 i followed the instructions to the letter , but it only worked about 50 % of the time . i will be sending it back
 I purchased this for my 2001 VW golf , and it did not work . I know some of the other vehicles wire directly in , but you have to put a spare key in the unit and wrap it around the ignition . It made the install seem very half-a ** ed . I could have just taped the key to the ignition at that point . I will get the immobilizer delete software instead of this junk . Thumbs down from me on at least VW and Audi application .
 Besides doing nothing to improve performance the manufacturer only wanted to fix the unbroken product when I asked for my money back ! Dont be fooled this does n't work and is a waste of money you cant get returned !
 The info provided is for spark plug wire in the bulk , but yet the main title says it is a Raybestos set of brake shoes .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 According to Amazon website , this sensor should fit my Toyota Camry 2003 . But it does not .1 -RRB- the wire is appeared to be about 4 '' shorter than is necessary to connect this sensor into the car circuits . So , I had no choice and cut off those 4 '' from my old sensor 's wire , lengthen the new sensor 's wire and soldered connections .2 -RRB- Replacing the sensor did not help to reset problem code and turn off the Check Engine bulb .3 -RRB- Now I can not return it because of lengthening and soldering its wire.So , because of wrong Amazon 's recommendation of this sensor for my car , Camry 2003 , I got nothing for my money and time spent .
 The Prestone belt is poor quality . There were frayed strands of the nylon belt material hanging from it and the ribs of the belt were pretty shallow , meaning less belt surface area was in contact with all those pulleys . Get a Motorcraft or Gates ... skip this brand .
 Product was sent with screws that would not work for assembly ... they were to big for the holes . Reading through the reviews , this has happened to others . Pretty surprising , and not a minor problem if you actually want to use the product as purchased .
 The OTC 6496 is a great tool and time saver . I have used them many times and never had an issue so when I purchased one for myself I was expecting the premium tool I had experience with.When I received the package , very quick shipping I might add , I was disappointed that the tool in the package was not the 6496 I paid for but the OTC 518684-a fine tool and capable but not as robust as the 6496 and much less expensive . I might add that the package , which had been opened , was labled OTC 6496 but the tool inside was not.I did not have luxury of time to send it back because I needed to use the tool immediately.If you are considering purchasing this puller , be sure the seller will actually send the one you pay for and not some cheap version.I think I will stick with Ebay and actual online retailers-not some Amazon subcontracted seller.Good tool but getting ripped off really sticks in my craw .
 I received a package with OTC branding and part # 6496 on it . The package had been opened and taped closed with part # 518684 inside . A 6496 pitman arm puller is not the same thing as a 518684 pitman arm puller . I can buy a 518684 for $ 25 just about anywhere on the web . I wanted a 6496 which costs $ 70 most places , and for good reason . The 6496 is built from better steel with better manufacturing processes . The threads on the 518684 tend to strip out after a dozen uses for the same reason a ball joint press from Harbor Freight strips out after a dozen uses . The steel in these tools just does n't hold up to the rigors of frequent use . A dozen pitman arm replacements is a lifetime for most DIYers , but I 'm in the commercial repair business . I 'll burn this thing up before the snow is gone.People sometimes ask why we buy Snap-On tools . It does n't take too many bad tool experiences before it becomes easier to spend $ 200 on a worry-free Snap-On tool . Sometimes I think I 've learned that lesson , but apparently not.I need to use this tool today so I 'm not sending it back , but caveat emptor , everyone . If you want to spend $ 60 on a $ 25 tool , this is a good place to do it .
 As noted by another reviewer , the item sent is NOT OTC 6496 . The packaging says 6496 , as do the instructions . However , the item is stamped 518864 , which is a $ 30 puller . Amazon claims they will fix the problem , but could not guarantee that I would be sent a 6496 puller and not another low end replacement , so I took the refund option . Buy at your own risk .
 This is a pretty lousy gaiter . It 's made of thin , stretchy material -LRB- approaching semi-transparency -RRB- . For times when you actually NEED a neck gaiter , you 'll need something more . And it can only really work as a gaiter or a headband , there 's NO WAY this will stretch or stay in place to the point where you can use it as a balaclava , or some of the other multiple uses it claims it can be used for . El cheapo.Returned .
 I purchased this and wore it in 32 degree weather riding my commuter bicycle at 12 mph and froze my face off . This is super thin material and isnt hemmed or anything . I ended up cutting the sleeves off of an old pair of 3x thermal underwear and using that instead and that kept my face from freezing . I think this product is more suited to use in the summer as a dirt/dust shield . In short for cold weather protection it is junk .
 I do not recommend purchase of this K&N air filter wrap . I 'm sorry I bought it now . It takes away from the intended purpose of having a cold air return filter system ... it actually looses horsepower otherwise gained with the system . I took mine off the first week after I installed it . If all you want is to show off under the hood , then by all means get one . It certainly looks good and adds color under the hood . It fits perfect over your K&N cold air filter . But considering its high cost of about $ 30 for a sock that squeezes off about 15 % of your engines airflow and robs you of HP and gas milage , then you are are better off without one .
 If you like the smell of perfume , this is just the product for you . I am not sure what kind of new car these guys used as an example , but it sure was n't any new car that I have been in .
 I have a 1965 Riviera , I bought this to see if it would do anything to condition the non leather seats , it did not . I used it several times and got a little sheen on the seats but I really do n't think there is any product that will really restore non leather material .
 It does n't say anything about not using this on a curved part of a pipe which is where I happened to have a 3 '' crack . It also does n't say that you need 4 hands to do it . I needed one hand to hold the aluminum heat guard in place while trying to wrap a slippery messy wet fabric over the heat guard and around the pipe several times , and since this fabric does not form to the curve or stick to the pipe , I needed another hand to keep the fabric from unraveling and falling off the pipe while trying to attach the wire ties that is designed to hold it in place.All this in an area where barely two hands can fit . Even if I had removed the pipe first , this fabric does not stretch or form tightly enough around a curved pipe to plug anything . A fiberglass type cloth would be much much easier to work with . I ended up ripping this stuff off before it dried rock hard , and than learning that I still had a leak .
 First pump failed , of the same type , second came apart in the tank . plastic and o-ring fittings would come loose as you turned corners had to rebuild it with hose clamps , next time I 'll buy the more expensive one .
 This cover would not fit my 2 '' receiver . The Curt cover is 2 5/8 + '' on a diagonal , while my receiver is 2 9/16 '' diagonal . This problem is due to the rounds in their cover being smaller than the fillets of my receiver.This cover is made of very brittle plastic , or it could have worked anyway . My old one was softer plastic and easier to fit.An accurate diagonal measurement would have helped rule this cover out .
 This windshield produced buffeting that shook my helmet so badly my eyes could n't focus on anything . Powersport Superstore would n't allow me to return it because I had opened the box -LRB- how else would I have known about the buffeting -RRB- . They closed my request with the comment `` Solved a technical issue '' before ever contacting me.Shame on me for not reading Powersport Superstore 's return policy before ordering . Shame on Slipstreamer for selling this windshield as compatible with my bike -LRB- Virago 750 -RRB- when it is not . -LRB- There is more to compatibility than just being able to mount it on the handlebars . -RRB- Shame on Powersport Superstore for closing out my return request with that `` Solved a technical issue '' comment . No technical issue was ever solved.An unhappy experience all the way around .
 hello , custmer service , This item i didn , t receive yet . i already contact ups they said contact shipper . please help me to refund.thanks , thomas varughese
 I was satisfied with the delivery , but not so much with the condition of the tag ! When I got it , it was in a manila envelope with no protection , & two of the tag 's corners were bent !! I 'm not too happy about that , so just be aware !
 I thought this was the perfect cap for my 4 '' bumper on a Fleetwood pop-up camper , but it has a few flaws . Good quality materials and easy to install on the camper , only took a few minutes . Once I put it on , I could n't get my sewer hose out of the bumper and hand to take off the metal clip that pounds onto the end . The metal clip the line connects to was just thick enough that the hose would n't slide out . Next trip out I get to my destination and the metal clip is still on one end of the bumper , but the cap had fallen out and the line broke , allowing it to be deposited along the highway somewhere . Still have one on the other end . I am just going to buy two bolts and stick them through the holes in the end of the bumper and be done with it .
 I purchased the Magna flow system for my Jeep -LRB- 4.0 -RRB- Grand Cherokee said it fit my Jeep . I could not use the clamp they sent because the pipes were the same size so I had to use a Gasket and a flat Band Clamp . Also had to use a torch to lower the rear Hanger could not get it to clear the rear Shroud . I have put many Exhaust systems in and never had a tougher time with one thats suppose to fit . I put this system in for better miles per gallon I do n't see much of a difference if any . So much for Performance .
 Everything looks fine except I do n't have the nuts for the screws . Last time I order the same mirror and it had the nuts and it made it easy to install . I have still not installed the mirror since I received it because I have been looking around for the nuts . I 've wasted more time looking for them then anything else . There very special nuts because there fine threads .
 No place on the description says how many cylinders this prodeuct fits . -LRB- It 's 4 -RRB- I thought I was getting wires for a 6 .
 I do not like the design of these particular brand tire swipes . The reason being is , you may be fine with the curve in the applicator if you have smaller tires . However , if your vehicle has larger tires , these swipes are more of a burden than a helpful resource . It slowed me down considerably as I found they required more pressure to distribute the gel evenly across the surface of the tire . Another drawback to this also means due to the pressure required and `` drag '' across the tire that these `` break down '' much quicker than others i 've used . I own my own automotive detailing business and while the concept of the swipe as a product is excellent , I would lean more towards a uniformed surface foam applicator as they save time and have better overall distribution of the tire gel .
 Very disappointed in this product . Poor quality and mounting is very cheesy . Not enough adjustability for the driver to utilize the right hand mirror . Would not recommend this product .
 Sure , it LOOKS like the original , and IS a cheap replacement . The mirror wiggles incessantly . So much that I want to smash it with a bat just to calm my irritation of the constantly moving mirror image . It looks just like the original , but sure does n't feel like it . It 's much flimsier plastic . It DOES fold back just fine . For the price its a barely acceptable replacement for the original .
 If you try and tighten the ball on the back of the mirror the plastic piece snaps so easily and it moves like crazy otherwise . Its built like garbage
 I bought this mirror for my sidexside utv . The mirror arrived with a crack in the platic in the rear of the mirror that holds the pivot ball . I glued it and got it back to where it was suppose to be . Installed it on my utv and I could n't believe how awful it was . It vibrated and you could n't see out of it . The vibration was not a result of the crack and glue job . Very cheap and not worth buying !!
 Horrible service -- sent a paper towl rack instead of the part and now sitting on their hands and have not sent the correct part .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Brought these in Sept 2012 . Installed and worked fine . Super great that you do n't have to install load resistors.Cons
 I ordered a black Dashmat for my 1992 Cadillac Seville . It arrive timely enought , but went downhill from there . It does not accurately fit into the space of the dashboard top , and overhangs the dash about 2 inches . It is too wide and does not line-up with the defrost vent . Poor quality obviously not made for my exact model of Cadillac , 1992 Seville , the model just prior to the Northstar change . I 'm so disgusted that I do n't even feel like wasting the time to send it back . Thanks for the wasted time and money . Tom Wolf , -LRB-760-RRB-270-4515 .
 Onan advertises rv in their generators , but the quality is not there . They are strickly into marketing !! The motor generator is ok , but the accesories like mufflers , frames , starter motor , aqnd exhaust parts are made of cheap steel which rust like crazy . I have a 4 year old generator with 10 hrs on the unit . The starter had a bad spot in it . Removed generator , and the rust is sca ; ing and the main pan is seriously rusted . RV should mean that some stainless should be used to take road salt and be better built than a basement storage type generator . I have a generac basement generator built alot better than this unit . If rplacing a generator , stay away from this overmarketed junk ! ... Tom
 I own a 2005 Dodge Magnum and the lug nuts that come standard are two-piece construction . On many occasions the outer skin separates from the actual nut making it very difficult to remove - and also requiring you to carry multiple sockets . Dodge charges around 8-9 bucks per nut and that quickly adds up . I bought these replacement nuts because it says right in the description that they are one-piece construction * . They 're not . I replaced the nuts on my front wheels and two of these nuts came apart . I use hand tools , not power equipment , so it 's not related to mishandling . * - I see that the product description is the same for all Gorilla lug nuts so even though it says , `` Also comes with a one piece construction for lasting durability and are individually hand polished for a beautiful finish . '' , in the review , that does n't mean that THESE nuts are one-piece construction . The description is a little misleading I think.I just ordered these - Gorilla Automotive 61147 Acorn Bulge Seat Lifetime Lug Nuts -LRB- 14mm x 1.50 '' Thread Size -RRB- . They have one review by another Magnum owner so I am sure I am getting a good part this time .
 I purchased 32 S/S lugnuts which I recived . This was the size recomended to me for the truck that I own . The thread size was correct but the lenth was too short . I took pictures , comparing the ones I bought and the ones I had . I also sent a letter back explaining to please exchange them for the right size . BUT I guess the people reciveing products back either do n't care or ca n't read . Because my account was credited with no response ! I am sure you have the product I need and they could have been shipped back without loosing a sale . The other problem I have there is no phone # that a buyer can talk to a real person . This is not good business!A . J. Vicari
 I ordered a driver side mirror for my SUV . When the order arrived , it came in a box that had printed on it that it was a driver side mirror . Someone had written in pen over this and indicated that it was actually a passenger side mirror.Bottom line , I ordered a driver side mirror and I received a passenger side mirror . This is of no use to me.I emailed the seller clearly articulating the situation . Despite this , they emailed me saying they needed me to confirm my issue . I did this and sent another email and also included my phone number.Over a month went by and I heard nothing . So , I called . The person who answered was very friendly and said he would immediately take care of it and have a new mirror sent out . This was over two weeks ago and I have heard nothing and recieved nothing.At this point , our registration is now expired as replacement of this mirror was necessary to pass inspection . My wife has now been pulled over and luckily given only a warning . I have no choice now but to purchase the item again from another vendor as I ca n't waste any more time with this poor customer service .
 They did not ship my order , had me remove my negative feedback , and promised to send it that day . Now I can get a hold of them . They do n't answer the phone I have sent them emails . Just stay a way from Best Price mirror !!!
 This is a relatively low quality product made from what appears to be a good material but there is no overlapping where the material is stitched together so I expect it to pull apart before the fabric itself fails . The mirror pockets are cut 2 '' too short so the mirrors have to be folded back against the car to be able to put the cover on without a lot of stretching of the material and the seams where the mirror pockets attach to the made body of the cover.This is the 4th car cover I have bought in recent years and though not the least expensive it is the mostly cheaply made . The quality of the sewing and the seams is not as good as on cheap $ 60 car covers . When it fails in a year or two I definitely will not be buying a Coverking car cover to replace it.For the price it is a poor value car cover .
 uhmmm , it would really be nice if the instructions were ` nt so vague . it does not explain where and how all the pieces fit together its pretty much all trial and error . it needs to explain in more detail to remove screws From the pedals in order to put the brackets ON ...
 I received these pedals as a gift form a family member . Upon installation we found out that the company sent the wrong piece therefor it will not mount safely .
 As listed in previous reviews , the positioning and size of the mount points for the fan shroud do not align . And in addition , I was sent a radiator for the automatic transmission model instead of a standard . Since I did not install this radiator within a month after I ordered it -LRB- two weeks after I received it -RRB- I also may not return it . I should have just gone to my local auto parts store to make sure I received the right part . Lesson learned ...
 Not a bad looking radiator for a OEM clone and the install went fine until I tried to attach the shroud to the radiator . The holes in the radiator were too big for the bolts ! I had to go to the auto parts store and buy 4 body bolts to reattach the shroud , at a cost of $ 8 . -LRB- almost 10 % of the cost of the rad ! -RRB- How hard is it to make the holes the right size ? It makes me wonder what else they failed on .
 Sirs , The Radiator arrived promptly and looked good . However when installing it I saw that the mounting holes for the fan shroud were drilled too large for the self-tapping screws I removed from the old radiator . I had to go out and buy new larger screws to mount it . Also and most important , when all was installed and the cooling system filled there was a leak !! Along a seam at the bottom . How ever slight it was , there should be NO leaks in a NEW radiator ! Do n't you pressure test them before you ship them ?? Because I was pressed for time I could not wait to send for another . I had to soldered the seam myself ! What is up with your quality control ? Or is this another example of Chinese crap products ! I am not pleased ! ... Geo D'AloiaProduct
 We bought a new radiator from amazon.com -- a Spectra Premium CU2307 . Installed it , drove around the neighborhood , and everything seemed okay , so I drove it about 30 miles . Then , just as I was parking , a couple ounces of transmission fluid suddenly spilled out . The transmission dipstick was very hot!After leaving it parked for 3 hours we added transmission fluid back to the appropriate dipstick level before driving it again . At first it slipped badly in reverse but worked okay in all forward gears . After 2 or 3 more attempts reverse no longer worked at all , and it slipped in all gears.We discovered that the new Spectra Premium radiator 's transmission cooler passage was obstructed so that no transmission fluid was getting to the cooler . The pressure had forced the override vent normally intended to open only in freezing weather . Amazon sent us another radiator whose passage is n't blocked . But now my transmission needs to be rebuilt -- a $ 3,600.00 job!The response from Amazon customer service was disappointing . They sent me a free replacement radiator , but refused to consider compensating me for any part of the $ 3,600 damage caused by their defective product ! ; - -LRB-
 When I purchased this item I should have known better , there was no item picture . Days after ordering this item I checked back on the item page and there was an image . . an image of an item that was not compatible with my vehicle . Item looks fine but will not work with my Jeep . Waiting for 3 days for return instructions : -LRB-
 This is definitely an economy set . The small hone is so poorly made it is useless . The large hone has very small 3/4 '' long stones rivited to it that must be drilled out to install the larger stones included . I am surprised that KD would put their name on these . Definitely not worth the cost .
 Please add information about the number of cans that are included in this purchase . Need this information before I can make a purchasing decision . Thanks much
 I received this product free with the purchase of 15 oil filters for my car . Bottom line it works.Overall the product does what it says , but it is clumsy , slow , messy , and small.The unit does n't hold more and 6 quarts of oil , which does n't help me with my truck , and can get messy when you try to move the oil out of this container . The product does n't have some of the minor details which would greatly improve its over all function , such as a lip to prevent oil drip , or a stable handle used when you 're pumping/vacuuming the air out.I would recommend the Mityvac product line , their design not only does the job but makes oil transfer easy.So unless you get this product for free there are other products which can do the job better for the same price .
 Item does no work . The pump is not strong enough to create the suction to extract the fluid out of any type of container or oil pan . I wasted my money on this item .
 Save your money . I tried this twice on a 2009 Mercedes C300 4Matic Sport . I really wanted this to work as I liked the idea of not having to put the car on ramps and remove the bottom shield . Both times it took me over 1 1/2 hrs to pull 2 qts out of the car . I had to play with it , trying everything I could think of and pumping it more times then I can remember . In the end ... under the car and finished in 20 minutes .
 They were very nice ... they sent me two of them . Unfortunately ... neither one worked . I wound up buying something else .
 I was working on a special project that needed the ` inline ' type pump `` shown in the picture '' . Naturally , I ` assumed ' the one in the picture would be the one I received , but the picture is absolutely a different part -LRB- which is why the other reviewer probably never received the correct part -RRB- . The box I received indicated the seller got it from an auction and I have to also ` assume ' the 3581 is the actual unit I received -LRB- not the one pictured -RRB- . For the hassle the other reviewer posted , I 'm just going to ` bite the bullet ' and see if I can make this one work -LRB- probably not -RRB- . It came with a filter that indicated it is an ` in tank ' unit that -LRB- after looking at some online instructions as it did not come with any -RRB- requires modifications to the tank if you are going to use it to replace the original equipment -LRB- be aware -RRB- . Anyway , this seller is obviously a ` rip-off ' and judging by the other reviewer - I would NEVER PURCHASE from them again . I guess they 're just after the ` onesies and twosies ' they can take advantage of when possible .
 I ordered this part . I recieved the wrong part 3 times . I was without a car for a week and a half . And my refund took 2 weeks to get back . I ended up going somewhere else for the part .
 This item has 2 pictures , 1 is inline & 1 is in tank . Amazon asured me it would fit both . It is only an in tank pump . I need an inline.Edelbrock 3581 High-Pressure Electric Fuel Pump
 I just ordered two of these `` hurry only 2 left '' shocks.First of all Sachs is not Boge.Boge is owned by ZF . Sachs is another company , and these are not Sachs . I was sent Boge.Second , the year of my car 1989 requires Gas shocks , not regular . I assumes that the seller knew the requirements of my car when I looked it up on their Amazon page.Now , thanks to Amazon , i 've got Sachs Gas shocks on the front , and Boge regulars on the rear. : -LRB-
 I 've tried it on two different pickups and two trailers . The handles are n't long enough to break lugs . I tried it on lugs I put on by hand with rachet still would not break it loose
 I picked one of these up because I drive a '98 Integra ... and I figure the more space I can save the better seeing as how the Integra does n't have much space . Well , it broke the same day I bought it ... could only get 2 lugs off and then SNAP ! ther went the wrench . Got 1 star for every lug it took off .
 I used this exactly once so far . The initial oil extraction went fine.However , I let the oil sit in the Mityvac for a few days . It turns out there is a manufacturing defect which makes this a big no-no . When I went to drain the oil out of the Mityvac , the handle was raised a bit . When I pushed the handle down it literally sprayed oil out of the juncture between the handle and the rod . The get the handle all the way down I had no choice but to let it hemorrhage oil all over the garage floor - about 1/2 quart or so . A huge mess.It turns out that the threads do n't properly seal on the plug at the bottom of the suction pump . It extracts just fine this way , and if you drain immediately there is n't a problem , but let it sit and oil leaks through the poorly fitting threads.For those of you who experience this , if you search on `` mityvac MV7400 problems '' you will find a forum page on tdiclub that documents a relatively straightforward fix . I will fix mine , but this is embarrassing to the manufacturer and should be fixed at the factory . I wonder how many people just trash theirs . What a waste .
 I used this once , and it worked great . Second time I went to use it , it was ruined because it 's seals are designed to work with synthetic oil . SERIOUSLY ?!?! You design a oil extractor in this day and age that wo n't work with Synthetic . And the customer service - garbage .
 really disappointing because i had a lot of praise for this early on then only after my 4th oil change -LRB- Synthetic oil -RRB- did i start having the seal problem with the oil leaking from the handle.just really inconvenient after so little usage.be forewarned and buy something else.sixty bucks down the drain : -LRB-
 I got two oil changes out of my MV7400 and they were great . I 'm now sold on the idea of vacuum oil extraction . Unfortunately , my MV7400 failed catastrophically during my third oil change . Oil came out of the handle and sprayed everywhere . To finish my oil change , I put the MV7400 in a 5-gallon bucket and put a plastic bag over the handle and kept pumping as the oil sprayed into the bag and then dripped down into the bucket . I was able to retrieve 3 of the 4 quarts of oil in the engine before I gave up.I 'm not that upset about the failure of my MV7400 . It 's a fact of life that stuff breaks and sometimes even good products fail prematurely . However , I 'm very upset about the way that the MV7400 failed . A simple loss of vacuum or a broken part would have been irritating but understandable . To have the device fail like the Deepwater Horizon , spraying oil all over myself and my garage , is unacceptable . No one should have to endure having an oil extractor suddenly turn into an oil sprayer . The design of the MV7400 needs to be changed to prevent this.Cost of Oil
 I was thinking of buying this evacuator but was concerned by some comments about it not working with synthetic oils . I contacted Lincoln Industrial , who manufacture the Mityvac and they told me they had tested the unit with synthetic oils and did not have any problems . However , they also told me that they do not honor the Mityvac 's warranty if bought from Amazon . I emailed Amazon about this and they are `` investigating '' . I was certainly not aware that Amazon sold `` gray market '' products .
 Bought this to change the oil in my car . Feels solid , seems to be made of quality plastic . Used it once with some success to change the oil in my car , there was a lot of pumping involved to keep the vacuum going and after a lot of repositioning of the hose I had trouble getting sufficient amounts of oil out . The extraction tubes are a bit clumsy and it 's easy to fling oil around when you remove it because they 're so stiff . But I chalked that up to a learning curve , no big deal.Fast forward to today I figure I 'll try this on my wife 's car , hook it all up , push down the handle and it blows oil all over the place , leaking out from where the vacuum air it supposed to be escaping . Unfortunately I bought this a year and two days ago so the warranty just expired -LRB- according to other review they do n't honor the warranty anyway if you bought it from Amazon . -RRB- Apparently mityvac ca n't build an oil extractor with seals that can withstand exposure to oil . Sad . I got one partially successful oil change out of it .
 As Serasbach stated in his post this device does not work with synthetic motor oils.I used it once and it worked perfectly but upon using it a second time , oil began to come out of the handle!I contacted customer support that they stated that the part in fault was not user replaceable , and since my unit was a year old it was not under warranty.Well for one oil change this was a complete waste of money for me . If you are using a synthetic motor look elsewhere .
 This seems like a nice unit . fairly solid , looks like it should be just fine . Except for the fact that it arrived with small cracks arount the screws that hold the top on the unit . It looked like they may have been over tightened during assembly . this is despite there being a sticker that said tighten screws before using . I sent it back Amazon returned it and had a new one at my door pronto . This was great but this has the same small cracks around a few of the screws . the cracks almost look like they were molded in , but are definitely cracks . Ugh .
 I like the idea of this product but the tube that is supplied does not fit all the way down into the dip stick tube of my car . Maybe it can only be used on specific model cars , but the product does not indicate that any where . Any ways check your car before purchasing .
 Just like several other reviews described , this product worked great the first time I used it . The second time did n't go so well . Oil is pouring out the handle . Now I have to pick up the car and change the oil like I used to before I purchased this piece of junk . This is an extremely pour design if any oil left in the unit causes the seals to fail . Perhaps they could spend another 50 cents per unit and use some Viton O-rings instead of the ones they use now . Fortunately my unit is only 6 months old so I will be shipping it back to Amazon . Do n't waste your time and money on one of these unless you only need to change your oil once .
 Add me to the list of people who got ONE use out of this piece of junk . The next time around , oil was POURING -LRB- not dripping , or leaking , but STREAMING -RRB- out of the handle , leaving me with a HUGE mess to clean up and some tricky hazardous waste to dispose of . THANKS !
 This device was a failure right out of the box . All the screws were loose , and even once tightened , the pump got only a measly 12 ounces of oil from the crankcase . It would not develop a vacuum as stated in the instructions . Amazon referred me to the manufacturer . If considering buying this pump , be ready for frustration .
 I bought this product for use on a BMW 330i . I tested it in a sink to be sure it would work -LRB- no problems -RRB- . When I attempted to use it to vacuum the oil , it hardly sucked out more than a cup of oil . I warmed up the engine -LRB- who knows if it was n't warm enough ? -RRB- . The hose was so short I had to hold the unit on top of the engine -LRB- very awkward to try to pump that way -RRB- . I tried both tubes thinking maybe one or the other would produce a better result ; neither was better than the other . In the end I just packed the unit up and sent it back . I also found it nearly impossible to remove that plug thing that joins the hose to the unit ; I 'm guessing dumping used oil with that plug blocking the spout would have been nightmarish as well . I contacted the Customer Service and it took 3 days for them to contact me -LRB- pretty poor , IMO -RRB- .
 Used it twice and now it does n't work . I did see mixed reviews and ordered it anyway . I just hoped I would get a good one . I guess I did n't .
 Worked fine at first . I drained the oil out right away and cleaned after each use . I used the Mityvac for a couple years -LRB- about eight times total -RRB- and the last time it collapsed from inside from the pressure making a nice , dripping , hot oily mess all over the garage floor . I liked the product , but it should last longer than a couple years and because of that I would not spend money on another one .
 This is my second Mytivac . The first one leaked out of the box , this one worked fine the first two times I used it . On the third time it spewed oil from the handle and shaft . I called Mytivac customer service and they advised me how to hopefully correct the problem and that Amazon is not a authorized seller for their products and the warranty is void . This is not what I expect from a product I purchase from Amazon .
 I used this ONE time to remove oil from my van . When I went to use it just 3 days later on my other car , it would not extract transmission fluid.The plastic fitting that connects to the top of the unit was sucking air , so it would not create a vacuum . I had to stuff a circular piece of paper napkin between the fitting and the opening to get it to seal and work somewhat.After the first use the unit was rinsed with a mild solvent and cleaned as per the instructions . The oil I extracted from the van was NOT synthetic -LRB- see someone else 's review on that subject -RRB- . I now need to find the correct size O-ring to replace the defective , leaky original.The fitting should be of the threaded type and not a press fit that becomes leaky in a short time ! Not much quality for $ 70 + ...
 I loved this unit when it was new , but now after a year , not as much . Seems there is a problem with the seals when used with synthetic oil . Oil now sprays out of exhaust hole near T-handle .
 its ok , very hard to get the tube down trans dipstick , tubing should be much longer
 The unit is fine for lawn mowers , but the lines are too short to stick down the oil dipstick or transmission dipstick on my GM vehicles . If you have a Suburban , you are way off the floor in the first place . They only give you 5 feet ! Seriously , 5 feet ? I takes 4.5-5 feet to stick it down any dipstick and you have to turn the pump sideways and try pumping it . It 's impossible because the top of the tank leaking fluid from the excape air hole on the side because it 's not meant to be placed sideways ! I bought a 1/4 coupler and 12 feet of 1/4 plastic line from the hardware store and stuck the 1/4 line together -LRB- the smallest line supplied from the unit -RRB- and can finally use it . They need to make the lines 10 feet long and it would be perfect . Note
 I used this on my 2002 BMW and it seemed to work great , but the next time I went to use it - oil started coming out of the T-Handle where air normally is the only thing that escapes . I called the manufacturer , and they advised me that some synthetic oils -LRB- Mobil 1 in my case -RRB- can cause the seals in the lower part of the canister to degrade and will allow oil to bypass . They informed me that it would be covered under warranty - but Tool Topia is not working with me . When you call the line for returns , they have you leave a message - nobody ever calls you back either . I have called 4 times in the last 6 days - and nothing.Don ' t buy this if you use synthetic oil , it wo n't last long enough for your second oil change .
 I purchased the Mityvac MV7400 a few months ago to change the oil in my German -LRB- diesel -RRB- car . As some of you may know , the oil in a diesel vehicle get extremely BLACK and makes a real mess on whatever it gets on . Well , this morning I used my Mityvac once again and got the same , less than desirable results . This sparked me to write this review!Every time I have used the Mityvac MV7400 it spits oil out from under the black pump handle . There is a small hole just below the black plastic handle that will spit the oil everywhere . At first I thought I may have filled it too full , however , it will do this with less that a gallon of oil.I purchased this thing to make my life easier , however , it has done just the opposite . I now have a huge mess to clean up and I have just got oil all over my jeans and sneakers.My experience with the Mityvac MV7400 has been extremely negative . I personally would suggest you spend you money on something else . I would rate this item as NO stars , however , Amazon 's lowest rating is one star .
 used this on my 2002 BMW and it seemed to work great , but the next time I went to use it - oil started coming out of the T-Handle where air normally is the only thing that escapes . I called the manufacturer , and they advised me that some synthetic oils -LRB- Mobil 1 in my case -RRB- can cause the seals in the lower part of the canister to degrade and will allow oil to bypass . They informed me that it would be covered under warranty - but Tool Topia is not working with me . When you call the line for returns , they have you leave a message - nobody ever calls you back either . I have called 4 times in the last 6 days - and nothing.Don ' t buy this if you use synthetic oil , it wo n't last long enough for your second oil change .
 This extractor worked OK with my Volkswagen , but it did not seem to get all the oil out . However , it would not work at all with my Buick . I could not get the tube far enough down the dipstick to extract any oil .
 After using a few times , it no longer worked . Oil actually leaked out below the handle when I used it . I would not recommend this product .
 Worked fine removing oil on day one . On day two , oil leaked out of handle right away . Huge mess . As with others reporting the same thing , it 's going right back to Amazon . Now I 'm looking for a better pump and it wo n't be a Mityvac .
 I ordered a Mityvac 7400 7.3 Liter Fluid Evacuator on February 21 of this year . It was ordered as a gift and , because the shipping container appeared to be in good shape with no sign of damage , I made the mistake of wrapping the gift before inspecting it . It was purchased well in advance of the occasion for which I purchased it . The gift was opened this weekend during my mother-in-laws trip from Miami . The Mityvac Evacuator WAS indeed damaged in shipping and , when I try to return it now , Amazon 's response is that the return window has expired.The design of the device is poor in my opinion . The outer shell is a hard , brittle plastic . The box it came in was too flimsy to protect it during shipping . I emphasize the the shipping container had no sign of damage . Clearly this thing received a small bump during handling and the canister is so brittle that bump caused it to shatter . I doubt that I can find any way to repair it so that it maintains a vacuum , let alone the challenge of preventing oil or transmission fluid from leaking from the canister during use.I 'm very disappointed in the product and Amazon 's return policy for this item . I 'll certainly never purchase one again .
 This is a very versatile system . It can save a ton of work . It is durable and solidly made . It works as advertised , BUT
 Worked OK when it did , which was about 2 years . I must have used it less than 10 times during those 2 years . Then it started leaking , sputtering oil through the handle . The manufacturer said the seals went bad and that it was not repairable .
 Sooner or later , I knew I would buy something evil from Amazon . This Mityvac Fluid Evacuator wins ! I had read about the cracks on the plastic cap on another reader 's review , and , sure enough , they were there . I tested the pump on water , and it worked , but I was n't willing to risk it on pumping heavier fluids like oil or transmission fluid . Amazon handled the return very quickly . They shipped another to me pronto , but guess what ? Yep , it was defective , too . The instructions say to tighten down the cap , but someone has already done it . Another customer ? Mityvac production error ? And the cracks actually look like they 're molded in at first , but upon closer inspection they turn out to be cracks . There is a lack of uniformity between them and between the two units I had . The one star is for the exceptional customer service I got from Amazon . Both units receive a big , fat ZERO.Note
 Managed to use the pump two times before the seals failed and oil began leaking/spraying out of the T-handle and top hole . Huge mess and could n't get the oil extracted , so now I 've got to pull the pan plug in the freezing cold . I only ever extracted Mobil 1 5w40 TDT with it , so maybe synthetic oil is a problem ?
 The oil leaks out from the handle and makes a lot of mess . The plastic tube got stuck in my dipstick which resulted in a $ 500.00 bill from my local shop.Seemed like a good idea at the time but not impressed with this product . Although other people have had better luck .
 Used this item for a short time and then it started leaking oil into the pmp . I contacted the manufacture and was given no consideration . No customer service for a problem item . Avoid-buy a better brand .
 Good white it lasted , but after just over a year -LRB- stored indoors -RRB- , the Mityvac 7400 developed a leak in two areas that rendered the unit useless.FIRST LEAK : This occurred between the handle and the metal downpipe . Oil would literally flow out during a single pump . Messy.SECOND LEAK : This leak is almost as bad as the first . It occurs at the hole on the cap where the metal downpipe goes into the unit . Again , oil leaks out of it.When you combine the both leaks , it 's a horrible mess ! When I called Mityvac , their response made it seem like they had heard this before . It seems like there 's no development in the product to resolve this problem . A known issue has been ignored . I 'd recommend you turn to another competing product if you want something more reliable .
 The last few times I have used the tool is spews oil out the air vent in the T-handle . What a mess . When it works it works OK - never as fast as other people claim and lots of pumping . I hope you like oil on your drive way .
 I used this several times with my car , quad , motorcycle and itworked great.About a month later went to use it again and oil startssquirting out of the t-handle where only air should come out.I read where another user had the same problem and the manufacturersaid some brands of synthetic oil causes the seal to break down.Well give me a break , synthetic is here to stay , I was using itwith AMSOIL.Don ' t buy this product , its useless after it starts leaking andafter taking it apart there is know way to replace a seal.In the junk it goes !
 The handle broke after five minutes of use . i was able to rethread the shaft and get it working again but what a piece of goat ass this thing is . Mitivac , please make your products less terrible in the future .
 Used only for oil changes on Mobil1 full synthetic 0w-40 . Worked great at first , would suck 7qts of oil out in about 10 minutes without it being warmed up . Then slowly over a year it would take longer and longer , up to 20-30 minutes of endless pumping . It seemed as if a seal somewhere was going . If I kept pumping the flow would continue but as soon as I stopped there was no vaccuum left to keep pulling.I took it apart and cleaned all the seals I could get to which helped a little bit it never worked as quickly as it had initially . It went out with the trash this morning .
 I 've own this item for 2 years and 6 months with a total of 6 oil changes and the pump stop working . I was very careful with this item , cleaning the pump with simple green after each use . Today , I am sad to say the item stopped working ! I would not recommend this item . The top is not sealed tight and you have to tighten with a screw driver and wrench . It worked well when you have suction , but sometimes it 's difficult to get suction for some odd reason -LRB- the hose would crimp in some situation or the top would not be on tight -RRB- .
 It broke first time using it , oil came out from the handle bar when pushing in . Could not get the job done .
 Cheaply build . The system is not sealed enough to allow one to suck the oil out . Too many leaks in the line . I would not recommend buying this item ...
 Used the product to change oil on my 09 Volvo C-30 Type-R & 08 Mercedes SL -LRB- both cars W/paneled undercarriages -RRB- . Worked great ! With a few pumps , pulled the oil out in 5 min.on the Volvo -LRB- 6-qts -RRB- & 10 min . on the SL -LRB- 8qts -RRB- Coincidentally , both cars w/topside oil canisters No more trips to the dealer ! Product worked great as advertized . Anyone can chg.oil w/no mess , in no time flat ! I would highly recommend this product to any backyard mechanic .
 Ordered white - they send me beige twice . I appreciate the response in sending me the wrong item the second time . But it was still wrong and they did not figure this out . I can not use what they send me , any one need some beige luggage clips ?
 SENT THE WRONG ONE-RETURNED IT - FOUND IT CHEAPER AT A DIFFERENT WEB SITE-GOT THE SAME BRAND -LRB- DASHMAT -RRB- OTHER SITE WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS
 I ordered one of these for my subaru - did n't even come CLOSE to fitting properly . It 's the usual cheap automotive grade carpet as well . Avoid and get something you can see in person and make sure fits .
 I not very happy with the product but it is not because of where I bought it is just the durability of the product . I have a pickup truck that I use on the weekends for part time work which consist of hauling loads of all shapes and size . The 2 issues of have with this bar is that if you have an insert bed liner it just does n't work , without the extra ratchet method of securing the bar you just can not get a good secure lock . Second the simple twist method of locking just does not give you a good secure lock . So far I have always be satisfied with all the vendors working through Amazon.com so I am going to try to return the bar and purchase a different one . if not I might just give it to a friend or family member that has maybe a SUV that might be able to use it for hanging clothes or a similar application . Ok for light duty work . .
 Unit appears well designed but poorly manufactured . Screw is a very loose fit in the body and will probably strip the threads after a few hard uses .
 Notice there 's no towing strength . . There 's a reason . Used my Jeep to tow a tree limb to the back yard . It almost broke while doing it . 2 strains broke . Also the hook retainers are very cheap . I had had it for a few years and should n't have dry rotted if that was the problem.Ordered another brand today .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 These caps look nice and feel pretty solid , but corroded onto the valve stems so badly in less than one year that they were nearly impossible to get off . It took penetrating oil and vise grips , and even then , the valve stem threads are pretty chewed up . If you use these , I suggest applying an anti-seize compound .
 I received this as a gift , and I 've only had it for 6 months . Unfortunately the strap that holds down the flap has come lose and is fraying , and just the other day the top of the bag where the handle attaches to the seam has torn open.Other than that I did love the bag .
 I am a professional user and was very disappointed with this tester . I owned one for several years . The joint between the hose & the threads came loose , and would spin , so I was not able to thread it in tightly . There is no o-ring above the threads , it does not seal well . The hose is too soft and flexible , makes for inaccurate readings.I just bought a Lisle 20250 tester and am very pleased with it . It was a great day when I threw this K-D tester in the trash bin .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 THIS ITEM I BOUGHT IS NOT WORKING AT ALL . I AM PLANNING TO RETURN IT BY NEXT WEEKLAMINE TOURE
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 First the good
 The floor mats do n't have the holes in them to hook onto - misleading man , misleading ... go somewhere else to buy your mats .
 after much research on other sites , determined these pads were not for my car . Returned for credit with no problems
 I still have not received my product , how can I review it ? Already ask where is it , and did not get an answer
 Purchased this item after getting the code from a automotive site and then found the item here . Item received is not the same as pictured on the site and is not the right item I need . The new air filter is 1.5 inches shorter and 1 inch higher then my air box so it wont fit . I will be returning and going to a local auto parts store to get the right filter .
 These locks might stop a 10 year old from attempting to steal your racks . Do n't bother with them . If someone wants your beautiful Thule rack , they will take it whether these dinky locks are there or not . Save yourself $ 54 and do n't bother .
 The product is advertised as `` Clear Plastic Clean/Polish '' which I wanted , but the picture of the product is `` Clear Plastic Detailer , '' which I did n't want . `` Clear Plastic Detailer '' is what showed up . Waste of 11-bucks ...
 The item description lists
 This is a relatively low quality product made from what appears to be a good material but there is no overlapping where the material is stitched together so I expect it to pull apart before the fabric itself fails . The mirror pockets are cut 2 '' too short so the mirrors have to be folded back against the car to be able to put the cover on without a lot of stretching of the material and the seams where the mirror pockets attach to the made body of the cover.This is the 4th car cover I have bought in recent years and though not the least expensive it is the mostly cheaply made . The quality of the sewing and the seams is not as good as on cheap $ 60 car covers . When it fails in a year or two I definitely will not be buying a Coverking car cover to replace it.For the price it is a poor value car cover .
 I have had this table set -LRB- 6 chairs and a large table -RRB- out on my deck in full sun , and -LRB- it was new this summer -RRB- but did grey a little as you can see , -LRB- I posted a picture where I finished part of the table -RRB- and as thirsty as the wood was , I just did 1 coat in the area pictured and it seems like that is all it will need , I am applying it with a horse hair brush , and it is saving the product , the convenient squirt top lid is a big help too . -LRB- The area done in the picture I used close to a 1/4 of a 16 oz . bottle -RRB- I bought two bottles , may be able to get the set done with that , but I am ordering another bottle just in case , so far I am pleased , this set will be going into storage soon , I might do a review when I bring it back out to show how well this product works.I WANT TO ADD A FEW DAYS AFTER APPLYING THE TEAK OIL THE PRETTY SHEEN SHOWN IN THE PICTURE -LRB- HALF OF MY TABLETOP WAS COATED -RRB- IT WENT BACK TO LOOKING THE WAY IT USED TO , GRANTED THIS SET IS ONLY 2-3 MOTHS OLD , SO i WILL NOT BE BUYING ANOTHER BOTTLE OF THIS TO FINISH THE SET , GOING TO LOOK INTO OTHER OPTIONS , GOING TO POST THE PIC OF MY TABLESET A FEW DAYS LATER FOR YOU TO SEE , AND THE PICS ARE DATED SO YOU CAN SEE HOW LONG IT LASTED : -LRB-
 Needs to be reapplied very often . Looks good for a few days and then fades again . I will try something different/more expensive next time .
 This product uses cheap linseed oil instead of Virgin Tung Oil likeStar brite Premium Golden Teak Oil.It is also an all-in-one product , meaning it does n't clean as well as a standalone cleaner or oil as well as a standalone oil.I love Meguiar 's and use their car care products almost exclusively on my cars , but this is one product I can not recommend from them .
 Did I miss something in the product specs ? Nope , there were n't any . I thought I was buying teak oil , not finish . This may be good protection for outdoor furniture but is too sticky for indoor furniture . Has a strong smell from the additives .
 This looked like a great deal at the price . Turns out you get what you pay for . I only have one piece of teak on my expensive boat so you can bet I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to keep it looking nice . I should have spent more money on a better teak oil . After thorough cleaning and about ten applications of this oil per the provided directions , each about a day apart , I finally gave up ! I might as well have been using mineral spirits for all the protection and final appearance I ended up with . I 've been boating for over 50 years and this is by far the worst teak oil I have ever had the misfortune to try ! Do n't waste your money - I rarely make the effort to review a product but I `` m so ticked about the incredibly poor performance of this product that I just could n't let it slide .
 I was very disappointed at the quality of this oil . It comes in a smaller bottle than what you purchase at the local hardware store , so although it is priced less , it is not such a good deal . The oil is thinner than anything I have seen before , so it goes on easy , but it does not last on the the furniture , and therefore , does not protect it from the elements , not even short term . I needed to reapply it each week ! I finally gave in , bought the more expensive , local hardware store Teak Oil , and am happy with the once-a-month touch-up maintenance that it requires . Do n't waste your money thinking you will save on this Teak Oil . It is not good quality and will cost you more time and work in the long run .
 SAME SIZE AS THE BLACK FILTERS IN THE PICTURE AD BUT THESE ARE PAINTED WHITE WITH A BOSCH STICKER PUT ON THEM AND STAMPED `` MADE IN INDIA '' . AFTER LOOKING INSIDE AND NOTICING THAT THEY ARE DIFFERENT FROM THE BOSCHE FILTER I HAD ON MY CAR I DID SOME RESEARCH AND FOUND OUT THE FILTERS MADE IN INDIA HAVE A TENDENCY TO BREAK DOWN FAST .
 I was intrigued by the gap wire layout in the same handle as the feeler gauges . Sadly , this is a cheap little item . The wires are encased in a piece of thin folded metal , and they pushed through on the first use . The metal piece itself twisted badly where it connects to the handle as well . The feeler gauges are typical , and functional as any other , but there are better sets out there .
 I purchased this cylinder as it was approved to fit a 1972 BMW . I received the productfrom Fruit Ridge Tools , and it fit with no problems . Being an old car I did not have the hose or the connections to fit on the cylinder . No problem ! I 'll go to my local auto parts store.It has been three weeks and I have been to Auto Parts , Auto Zone , Napa , Home Depot , numerous auto dealers . I have spent hours onthe web to BMW parts dealers , JC Whitney , BMW used part dealers and numerous auto sales sites . I did find the connection at BMW Buddy . but there is a selection of 20 or more I have no idea which one . I emailed the info but thus far no response . ebay has a few but no measurements , I could find no email address for Qualitee and Fruit Ridge Tools could n't help . I am going toa local machine shop to see if I can have some type of adapters made . I paid 119.00 for a cylinder that the seller has no connections for .
 The title of this product says it is for the 2006 Nissan Murano , which would lead the buyer to believe that these floor mats are made specifically for this vehicle . But , buyer beware , this is actually a generic mat that you have to cut/shape to fit into your vehicle . The mats have some pre-printed cut lines , but even these are not a match to the vehicle that they are advertized to fit . If you ask me , the title is something close to false advertising .
 AVS tried to save on 3M -LRB- tm -RRB- Acrylic Foam Tape and leave graps in between bends and contour line . It is poorly done , the graps will allow rain water to drip in . THe vent visor makes high pitch sound if you drive above 50 mph on the highway . Not worth the effort and money . Try any other in-channel vent visor if you want your car to look nice and perfect fit.Toyota RAV 4 Limited .
 This is a great product , unfortunately this model does n't fit on a 2007 Rav4 Sport . Based on the position of the double-side tape , I guess it is supposed to go out on the door -LRB- not cool -RRB- . I wish there was a better description , including lengths and installation .
 Not shipped as shown on photo . No brackets to keep it in place . They want to sell you a floor mat that will roll up under your feet , blocking the pedals and cause you to wreck and die . This company sucks really bad .
 I am a backyard DIY mechanic . Also , like many , I am frugal and budget conscious . So I discovered that I required an oil pressure gauge . Searching thru Amazon I came up with this one and purchased it . The assortment of fittings is fine . The hose is also very good . The actual gauge bodies appear chintzy . They are lightweight stamped steel and by holding them and looking at them , I really wonder how accurate they will prove to be . I suppose that for `` ballpark '' pressure readings these will be satisfactory . I would not consider this set to be `` professional '' quality by any means . -LRB- Not that I expected a high class precision thing . -RRB- If I were to do it all over again , knowing what I know now , I woulda , shoulda , coulda , for a few dollars more , purchased something more substantial with respect to the confidence in the tester 's accuracy . I have no way of testing or calibrating these gauges . I 'm just sayin ' , by the looks of them , I would n't trust 'em .
 We were excited about the prospect of a `` custom-fit '' seat cover and the price was right too . As we were installing the covers we noticed the covers were quite tight , which could be a good thing , but there was no stretch or give at all . During the installation process , without any abnormal pulling , the covers started to rip at the seams . Before anyone had even sat on the covers , there were large holes ripped in the seams . We immediately contacted Amazon who quickly offered to replace the covers for us . We thought -LRB- hoped ? -RRB- perhaps this might be an isolated incedent , but no such luck . The exact same thing happened with the next set . Apparently the price WAS too good to be true . Coverking must be able to keep the price low because of the quality of the fabric and stitching . Guess we 'll have to find some other way to keep our seats clean .
 I ordered seat covers for my Mazda 5 directly from CoverKing 's web site . The second and third row covers came within a couple weeks , but the front row covers took 34 days to arrive , with no explanation.Three pieces of the second and third row covers were sewn/assembled incorrectly . One seat bottom cover included two indentations for the seat belt buckle , one on each side . The rear seats have hinges to fold flat , each with both a narrow and a wide hinge - the covers came with two narrow hinge pieces on one , and two wide hinge pieces on the second . They need better quality control processes!I contacted customer support , and provided pictures of the problem areas . Customer support seems to generally take several days to respond to inquiries . Instead of offering to take care of the issue , they insisted they needed additional pictures of the car before they would do anything . After receiving the pictures , they needed several numbers from the shipping boxes , which of course had been discarded by this point . Apparently , the order number alone is not enough for them to process replacements?So , I still have three pieces that do n't fit , and while they finally agreed to prioritize sewing new covers , it will be another week or two before they arrive . * If * they make the replacement covers correctly , it will have been at least 50 days from the time I placed my order , to when I finally have everything installed.On the positive side , the covers seem to fit well , except for the arm rest pieces - they 're significantly baggy . No seams ripped while installing , and they 're relatively easy to secure . Not sure how they 'll last in the long term , but so far , spills wipe up easily .
 Pay attention to what you select . This is NOT meant for a short bed not matter what it says .
 Unless you are an electrical engineer , do not purchase this with the intent to self-install it in a Chrysler product with a one-wire lock/unlock system . After about a week and half of trying to install it myself -LRB- with 2 calls to Audiovox 's technical support people -RRB- , I finally had to take it to a professional . To make it work , the professional had to add another part -LRB- at a cost of $ 57.00 -RRB- . The final insult is that to make the system unlock all doors you have to -LRB- 1 -RRB- press the unlock button , -LRB- 2 -RRB- wait until the driver 's door unlocks , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- exactly 3 seconds after the driver 's door unlocks , press the unlock button a second time . Failure to follow this procedure exactly results in extreme frustration -LRB- but not unlocked doors -RRB- .
 I order two and thought I got an excellent price.The Audiovox AA925 is advertised as a Security and Remote Start System.It is wrongly described and does not have these features.The instructions only described setting up the keyless entry.There were no directions or wires for the remote start and security features.I called Audiovox technical support , in order to pick their brains.The technician confirmed that it ONLY was capable of these features.I asked him `` please explain exactly what you mean by capable '' ? He explained those features only work with optionally purchased controllers.The controller for the remote start was another $ 70.00 add on.I did n't ask about the security one , since I was only interested in remote start.I recently returned them to Amazon for a full refund , since they were mis-represented . So be advised
 seems like it would work , but it doesnt . i have tried to use this on small 1/4 '' wire all the way up to 1 1/2 '' 2/4 soow cable does not work at all . it doesnt nick the inner conductor but you still have to use a knife to skin off the jacket , worthless .
 Purchased this windshieldwith the additional clamp kit for my suzuki S40.the clamps do not fit the handlebars . would not buy unless able to make your own .
 I bought this and tried to use it . My evaluation is as follows : - The product manual says `` Big enough to wash a shirt , slacks , shorts and a pair of socks in one load '' . Please be aware that the motor is not powerful enough , and adults ' jeans , trousers may NOT be washed . -LRB- Try to visualize by the example of a cheapo mixer-grinder , whose motor is trying to overcome the drag of the large pieces of fruit/vegetable ! -RRB- Although the bucket was NOT overloaded , the motor could not rotate these clothes , and was whining unsuccessfully . The load just reamined soaked for 15 minutes . - It works satisfactorily for lighter and/or much smaller pieces of clothes . e.g. undergarments , socks , etc. . I think , it would be good for baby/child clothes . It is not that suitable for adult 's clothes . - This portable washer will take roughly one-fifth to one-fourth -LRB- and that using smaller pieces of clothes -RRB- of the load used in regular top-load washers to `` wash '' your clothes satisfactorily . - It may be used as a supplement to the full-size washers . It should not be expected to serve as a replacement for the fullsize washers , even for usual weekly washing needs for adults ' garments . - Given the above limitations , will it be good for your need ? You decide . It did not fit well for my need . Thanks .
 I just bought a cyclone washer and am disappointed with the size of load that it 's capable of washing . All ads say that it can wash , `` Wash a shirt , slacks , shorts and a pair of socks in one load '' . I have not found this to be true . It 's great for socks and underwear , but groans if I try and put anything more than a couple of shirt or one pair of slacks/jeans in a one time . It 's definitely better than hand washing , but hoped that it would hold a few more items .
 *** CAUTION *** Too many equipments through one socket may cause overload and possible fire in yor vehicle . There is no proper technical information provided for this product and no mention of a safety fuse either . Even if you buy this product , be careful not to plug in more than 2 things at a time . Also , note that all outlets are very close to each other , with a potential to cause damage to your charging adapters .
 I ordered this product on Dec. 9 , 2009 . It is now Jan. 7 2010 and I am yet to receive it . I have emailed the company and have not received a response . I dont know where to go from here , but you can be assured I will not be buying anything from these people again .
 I bought 2 of these locking gas caps for my Dodge Dakota & my Chevy Silverado truck . I put the gas cap on the Dodge first . The key would stick and wo n't turn most of the time . Actually would cut my knuckle . But the biggest complant was after a few hours of driving around , my message center light came on showing something was wrong with my engine . I then visited my mechanic and he did a computer check . The computer showed that I had a fuel leak . The gas cap was n't closing right and was leaking gas fumes . He cleaned up the computer and I installed my old cap and everything was fine . Plus the box the cap came in did n't have that it was for a Dodge or Chevy . I had to see for myself which cap fit the best . Go to your truck dealer and buy your locking gas cap . Might be a little more money , but you 'll get the right one . I sent them both back for my credit back .
 Be warned
 Stant 10501 at the Amazon site states it 'll fit my 2002 Ford E450 Econoline . Well , this cap is '' threaded '' and does n't fit.Stant 10502 is - non-threaded -- and DOES fit . Both models will show up as working if you punch in my vehicle -- but that 's not the case for me.You need to know your replacement is threaded or non-threaded before ordering .
 I bought this from my local RV store . I had to use teflon tape on both fittings to keep from leaking and I can not easily unscrew it to drain the water , which was the whole idea I purchased it . I would have been just as well off with the original plastic fitting . Luckily I kept it .
 Seemed like a good idea , but it leaked incessantly no matter how much I tightened even with Teflon tape on the threads . I returned it .
 This valve is exactly what I needed to make draining the hot water tank in my RV a breeze . Unfortunately , it arrived with a quality control problem - the T-handle was not properly crimped onto the valve shaft . The first time I tried to use the valve , the handle came right off in my hand . Rather than fool aroung with the nuisance of returning it , I reworked the crimp with a hammer & punch . I was able to make it secure enough that I can use the valve without the handle coming loose . Hopefully , it will not work loose & be lost due to vibrations on the road .
 Do n't waste you money on this item ! It would take two days to drain the water tank just take out the old plug when you drain the water tank .
 I purchased this system September 21 , 2007 , and installed it upon delivery . I am a Mechanic by profession , with a college education in automotive service and automotive engineering . I currently have 13 years of hands on automotive and heavy equipment repair and customization experience . I own and use extensive assortment of diagnostic tools and equipment.The installation of the system is very straight forward , and the instructions should be easy enough for the backyard mechanic -LRB- with basic understanding of automotive electrical systems , and relays -RRB- to follow.All credentials aside , even the simplest of minds , armed solely with a small Phillips screwdriver , could figure out that there is a poorly supported component inside of the FM/FM 2 way paging remote that literally breaks away from its soldered connection.Multiple attempts of contacting Crime Stopper 's customer service department to resolve the non-functional 2 way remote and its repair or replacement -LRB- without having added costs to myself -RRB- have failed.The people that I had spoken to via phone calls have been rather rude and have verbally verified that there is a common `` issue '' with this component becoming detached from the circuit . My e-mail contacts with Crime Stopper have gone unanswered.Due to my personal experiences above , I can not recommend using this company 's products .
 Finding a compressor adapter to attach to AND HOLD compressor line in place is non-existant from what I can gather . Next I will buy a metal plug that already has the adapter as part of it . If you must stand and hold the compressor line in place , you ca n't go and monitor the water coming out of faucets , etc. . For us newbees there should be instructions on the packaging stating that this plug is not made to hold a compressor line by itself . Very frustrating !
 This product worked fine but he fittings you need on either end are not included . I even tried going to several hardware stores to fashion my own pieces which are rivited onto the original at either end . It wo n't fit on the car without these . I ended up finding one on Craigslist for about $ 7 and I suggest you check your classifieds and junkyards to find this part .
 I 'm disappointed in the advertised description on Amazon which reads : * Minimum height of 1-1/3 - inches and maximum height of 20-inchesWhen I received it the minumum height is 2-1/2 inches which is false from the description -LRB- The 20-inch max height is true -RRB- . My '56 chevy is low to the ground because it is a prostreet so my crossmember is only 3 inches from the ground . I have a slight cement slope that connects to my garage floor so I thought 1-1/3 '' -LRB- in the saddle -RRB- would be a perfect fit for this jack to go under my crossmember . WRONG ANSWER ! The end result for this jack to work is I needed to place a 5/8 '' plywood in front of the tires and drive my front wheels on it . After that , the jack had enough clearance to get under my crossmember . If it was n't for this clearance issue , I would rate this jack more than 5 stars . I think I can live with placing a plyboard everytime I need to lift the car because I 'm tired of seeking a jack that has a low saddle of 2 inches or below .
 Jack was missing parts and leaking oil . I had to return it because they did n't have the parts it was missing . But the jack seemed to be of good quality at a good price . Too bad it was n't supported well .
 I received the ATD tuner jack about 2 weeks ago and to my amazement it arrived in a carboard box that was ready to fall apart and the contents had shifted substantially while in transit . The bottom line is that this jack is not nearly as well made as many reviewers have claimed and also the one I received is bent as not all 4 wheels will rest on the garage floor at any one time , no doubt a combination of poor chinese manufacturing techniques and rough transit conditions in this country.This is the second jack that I have purchased through Amazon and both have been less than optimal . In fact the first one had to be sent back as it was so damaged upon opening it that it was not useable.Moral of this story is to spend more and get a quality product , hopefully made in the USA and stop importing this Asian trash into this country .
 I ORDERED THE LARGE CUSHI-SEAT AND THE SEAT SOLUTION ULTRA WAS SENT INSTEAD . I LIKED IT AND ORDER ANOTHER BUT THIS TIME THE CUSHI-SEAT WAS SENT . THE SEAT SOLUTION ULTRA IS FAR SUPERIOR . IT IS THICKER AND A BETTER QUALITY FOAM . THE CUSHI-SEAT FLATTENS DOWN AND I DO N'T EXPECT IT TO LAST LONG .
 Cheap stuff , completely flat when I sit on it the first time , and I am only 130 pounds . The service was lousy .
 I weigh over 200 lbs . and this cushion offers little if any support . Save your cash unless you weigh very little .
 Flattened out in two weeks . Offers no support any longer . Waste of money . Get the MOST FIRM cushion you can find , because even the firm ones lose their shape after so long .
 They sent me the wrong one . A standard one and I have a Grand . I threw away the box thinking there would be no error on Amazons part . So I have not returned it .
 This is the 2nd inverter -LRB- returned 1st one for same reason -RRB- . Supposed to put out 110 to 120 volts but output is only 90 volts with 13 volt imput and no load . This time I ordered a Xantrex pure sine wave inverter .
 It 's way too easy to screw up the pull system for the wipes , so either nothing comes out or you get two or three . The top does not go on easily . But that 's not the worst part . Using the product leaves the leather glossy and streaky unless you go over it again several times with a cotton cloth while it 's still wet . There are many better products out there . I 'm throwing the rest of mine away after two tries .
 Got these wipes in hopes they would work well on my leather seats . I spent more time wiping off this crap then I did applying it . Looks awful , do not buy do not use .
 YUCK!I trusted the brand new leather seats in my MX-5 to this junk . They 're now sticky and shiny . Caveat Emptor .
 These are handy , smell nice , and are nice sized ... but did not produce the results I was expecting on my car 's leather seats .
 Even though I made it a point to properly close the plastic container 's lid after I used the wipes , the remaining wipes went dry . The plastic container was kept the entire time inside my air conditioned home so it 's not like they went dry due to being left in a hot garage up on some shelf . Now I 've got to spend more money and buy more leather cleaning products .
 I did n't expect these wipes to work as well as liquid cleaners and conditioners , but at the same time I did n't expect them to leave the seats feeling a big greasy and make them leather feel harder.I first used these wipes , but did n't see much effect . I then used a specific product that was a cleaner only , and finished with Lexol to condition it . Made a huge improvement.Later I used the wipes again , and was disappointed to get a greasy feeling on the seats , as well as the leather somehow feeling harder than when I started.I 'll keep them around until they 're gone to wipe up spills or quick spot cleaning , but overall these wipes performed worse than my already limited expectations .
 This product is easy to apply and is very convenient . That is about all I can say in the pro-column . My seats now feel like plastic or vinyl . I have the optional soft leather package in my car and the leather now feels like fake garbage from the 80 's economy cars . I am so irritated . I think the protective coating it leaves makes for a stiff and slippery seat.This weekend will be spent doing what I can removing this stuff from the seats . This is the first product from this manufacturer that I have been disappointed in.Follow Up
 These wipes were a big disappointment . I use their car interior cleaner wipes and they work great on everything from cloth upholstery to leather without streaking . These leather wipes streaked the car leather so bad I could hardly get it off once it dried . In fact , the only thing that would remove the streaks was their cleaner . Live and learn , not all Meguiar is good !
 I used these on the leather of my 2005 Lexus ES 330 because of the perforated leather . They made my soft comfortable leather feel hard , shiny and cheap . I would never buy these again . Now to figure how to get this stuff off !
 sorry product . Picture showed metal construction , I received plastic . Did not cover properly , would leak water into tank . Anyway , it broke the first time I unlocked it .
 Arrived rolled up with no other packaging and no instructions . Unless you already work with this stuff regularly , do n't expect it to come with any helpful tips on how to cut , use or install it . Also I agree with other commenter that this is definitely off-white , not white .
 I tried to use it to repair the minor crack of the fiber glass of my Vette but it did n't really do a good job there .
 The item listed did not fit the vehicle that it was listed for . The parts were way too big and it was for a two piston caliper when the vehicle has four piston calipers . Very disappointing to get the wrong part .
 My husband was a little disappointed because he found the same exact tool for half the price at Harbor Freight ! But he kept it anyway .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 They do NOT clear stud girdles as the description states . They look nice but if you are an American Muscle purist like I am , meaning that you 'd prefer to have `` Made in USA '' on your aftermarket parts then these are not for you . Shame on Ford for charging `` Made in USA '' prices for Chinese parts . Boooooo
 It somewhat fit the Celica I got it for but no place for the cup holders so I still have a open hole and it does not look good .
 I have used these on two of my Ford trucks . They are more of a hassle than they are worth . Oil is painfully slow to drain and messy at best . When I am changing my own oil , I do n't like to wait all day for it to finish draining . Instead , I went with a spring loaded drain plug that you push up and turn a quarter turn , unlike the Fram drain with the hose , I do not need to remove and keep track of a brass dust cover . Beware with any of these quick drains , the big box stores may not change your oil because of it being a non-oem drain plug .
 I bought this cap because the old cap did not seal well or the spring was weak , anyway it let the coolant boil out if the engine got too hot . This cap was an improvement but still had the same issue only to a lesser extend , it boiled out less frequently .
 They do NOT ship you ANYTHING that is in the photo or description ; no compression gauge , no hose , no adapters . All they ship is one little valve about 2.5 '' long that goes to some air-gun system . NOTHING ELSE . I emailed asking them to look at the product 's page to verify the photo and description , then SHIP ME EXACTLY WHAT IS IN THE PHOTO AND DESCRIPTION , but they just sent me another useless valve . Save yourself the disappointment and aggravation .
 I used this same number of Fram filter before for my Tacoma Truck . It work for > 40K mile . but , When I check this flter and the other -LRB- I bought 2 diffrent filter for the other car Honda G6826 -RRB- I notice something is wrong on Fram filter . The filter itself looks same , but if you look into inside the fitting , They spray the black paint inside the thread and sealing area . how do I know if the paint is not spray inside the filter element ? I use magnifing glass to look inside , it seems it does have some black paint . I believe this is wrong , gasoline can melt the paint and cause injector clog up . when I look my old filter , both ends had no paint cover the fitting as well as in the thread area.Unless Fram can tell me I am wrong . I will advice reader a zero star for Fram gas filters !! -LRB- if there is zero -RRB- . You know What I mean !!
 There is no fuel filter on this year/make . Trust me . Call up Hyundai if you must.Also be weary of other spark plug wire sets because NGK does make a set for this car yet alot of websites offer the spark plug wire kit.DON ' T TRUST ANY COMPATIBILITY CHARTS FOR THIS CAR !!!
 They look and feel ok , except that the rubber nibs from one mat sink into the one below it so it looks like you have a bunch of perforations in the mat -LRB- I 'm assuming this is from when they are in storage or are packed -RRB- . I would guess that this would go away after some use . Unfortunately they must have cut to the wrong pattern because they did not fit my car at all . I am returning them and will probably order from someone that maintains inventory specifically for my make/model .
 Was not the replacement for the original as it said that it was . No longer have the packaging to try to return it .
 Make sure the size and installation are correct . Had to purchase another because the first one did n't fit . Check the numbers and parts description , which were not easy to find on the initial search .
 They look and feel ok , except that the rubber nibs from one mat sink into the one below it so it looks like you have a bunch of perforations in the mat -LRB- I 'm assuming this is from when they are in storage or are packed -RRB- . I would guess that this would go away after some use . Unfortunately they must have cut to the wrong pattern because they did not fit my car at all . I am returning them and will probably order from someone that maintains inventory specifically for my make/model .
 This is not a driving lamp unit , -LRB- Not an individual driving lamp -RRB- . It is only the lens/reflector assembly and does not include any housing , mount , cover , bulb , or internal wiring to the bulb .
 The compass directions called for opening the compass to install the battery provided . Try as I might I could not open the devise . I returned it and got a prompt refund .
 They look and feel ok , except that the rubber nibs from one mat sink into the one below it so it looks like you have a bunch of perforations in the mat -LRB- I 'm assuming this is from when they are in storage or are packed -RRB- . I would guess that this would go away after some use . Unfortunately they must have cut to the wrong pattern because they did not fit my car at all . I am returning them and will probably order from someone that maintains inventory specifically for my make/model .
 Took a little bit longer to install than I thought it would , but I wanted it done RIGHT . First try after installing it and it worked great !!! It worked great for about 3 months , then the range kept getting shorter and shorter , till I had to be within 5 FEET of the vehicle !!!! -LRB- for locks AND starter -RRB- -- what good is a remote starter if you have to be 5 feet from vehicle ?! Company DID replace the main box , so I did n't have to do any re-wiring . Just took the old box to the store and they opened a new one for the exchange . GREAT !!!! But the SAME THING happened . Worked for about 5 months , then the range got shorter and NOW it does n't work at all . Even after LOTS of re-programing attempts , and re-grounding the system . Sure the price is right , but I still expect the product to work !
 Concerning the BOA Remote Start Systemwith Keyless EntryBeen working on an installation in a 2003 Toyota 4Runner . Would not do this again !!! The instruction manual is incorrect and missing much data . I have had to contact Tech support several times -LRB- once was waiting 1.5 hours to get connected -RRB- and the tech support seems to know product but not sure why the installation instructions are not clear.Their web site was incorrect on the module that was required to override the immobilizer system . I can not return the wrong module and had to purchase the correct one . Tech support admits the web site was incorrect and stated they will tell their web master . I should have taken the product back after all their disclaimers about they will not be responsible for incorrect information !!!!! If you attempt you will find this is an installation you will NEVER forget . So far I have 24 Hours involved in the installation and still have not got the correct immobilizer module to work . Hopefully the installation has not fried something like the ECM -LRB- ie ~ $ 1000.00 -RRB- . Do n't fall for this cheap hardware , you will pay for it in installation cost or time ...
 I bought a Remote Start System and it does not work . The switch is always conductive on both positions . The system can not be programmed . The instructions are inconsistent from the booklet and their pre-recorded tech support message . The CD does n't provide any useful information . They do n't grant warranty if you bought it from on-line . -LRB- even if they do , you still have to pay $ 20 ! -RRB-
 I was going to install this in my wife 's 1999 Ford Explorer . After opening up the package it looked like everything was bundled nicely and simple enough . As I started reading the instruction booklet I got scared enough to put everything back in the package and save it for the garage sale next spring . I 'm mechanically inclined but unless you know what you 're doing under the dash and know the electrical motor requirements of the electric doors/locks/windows then you may want to leave this to the professionals , like I 'm going too.The booklet tells you to use the CD to contact their Website -LRB- with the secret code that comes within the package -RRB- so you can get the particulars for the type of car you 're installing it in . The basic info on how to do it is in the booklet but specifics you 'll need to know common to your actual car is in their Website . You 'll need to do this before you cut any wires or make any connections . Failure to install this unit correctly can fry circuits in the car electronics.If you 're still confused you can call their Tech Support . The booklet warns that if you fail to install wires correctly you may activate the Airbag System , lock out the ignition , etc. . I do n't need all the features this unit has but it does n't say how to bypass them . Too many things can go wrong during installation and I do n't want to be without the car if I get stumped so I 'm passing this on and let someone else try it on their car instead . It 's not worth possibly ruining the car . If you 're a car jock then it may be for you . I 'd rather play it safe and apply the $ 50 towards the professionals installing a dealer-supplied system .
 Installed this on my 1994 Cherokee Sport , and after 2 months it no longer makes complete contact with the window . It only wipes the center and both ends do n't make contact with the glass . I would not recommend this brand . I also purchased the 12 '' for my 2003 Grand Cherokee and it has the same issues .
 The product finder stated that this would fit a Jeep Grand Cherokee 1996 . It does not , so I returned it . I ordered aValeo 700-11-1 ORIGINAL Domestic Wiper Blade - 11 `` instead !
 It would be most helpful if the description of this item included a list of car models that the adapters included do not work for . I have a 2003 Saturn LW300 Wagon , no dice .
 This is a one size , fits all , type of kit , with a poor design . It can interfere with the action of the existing springs , and I was not confident that it would stay in place and not migrate . I made my own mounting kit that is clamped under the existing spring-to-axle clamps . This makes it more sturdy and reliably holds the super springs in place .
 I ordered this for my 2007 VW Rabbit and it did not fit . It is listed as an OE -LRB- original equipment -RRB- replacement on Amazon and other sites . I will stick with dealer or Auto Parts store in the future for parts . I 'm wondering if maybe the cap is different due to CA emissions standards -LRB- my state adheres to the CA standard -RRB- .
 i was not happy because i was sent the wrong model and i can still not find the set i need ? i need a set for a 2003 f-150 short bed stepside 4 door can you help me
 Flimsly made . Head snapped off after the first use . Obviously not designed by anyone with any technical knowledge as even a little common sense and no additional cost could have produced a reliable product .
 Dear friends , I make the purchase of this product I was accepted , I was charged to my credit card , I was assigned a purchase order after the order charged did not then appear and I have no way of tracking that purchase , I would like to know which was the that way , if you do not have the product Deveria publish , that we the buyers do not go through the hassle that this generates , time and hassle , thanks .
 This item seemed like a good fit for what I needed for my car -LRB- 2005 Jetta -RRB- . My original gas cap had a crack in the seal and was making the check engine light come on every time i turned on the car . I searched on amazon and the item had a check list at the top to make sure that the item would fit the vehicle you were buying it for . This extra feature DID NOT WORK . I do n't know if that 's Amazon 's fault or the sellers , but I was very disappointing to find out that Jetta 's have a ventilation system in the car so that the gas cap does not need to be self ventilating . Needless to say it was a waste of money and the 6 dollar shipping that they charged me . Be careful with check list if it tells you the item will be a fit for your car . . it still may not be what you need .
 i baught this item for a nissan versa 08 it said ti fits but when i recieved it , it doesnt even enter the nossle of the gas cap . i feel ripped of .
 I ordered this a week ago , they still have not shipped it ... I get no response from seller STACKS and STACKS when I inquired twice as to when it will ship.Don ' t make the same mistake I did unless you can wait and wait and wait for it to ship , if it is actually even in stock !!!
 Smaller than I realized . I also purchased an `` Uncle Mike 's '' car organizer . If you are looking for a larger more roomy organizer go with the Uncle Mike 's .
 One end of the strap came undone b/c of poor stitching , thus half of the snap-buckle fell off ... end result
 Could 've had potential if it had n't ripped after a month and a half of minimal use . Actually the use was so minimal that it could be deemed as new . I only used it to place my car faceplate in it . Unfortunately the return window had expired so I 'm stuck with a piece of junk that will slowly rip apart at different places of its pockets . It is nice and has a good size and great storage , but if you are thinking of purchasing this , consider something else .
 Based on the positive reviews , I had hoped this was going to really solve our messy car problem and help us to keep important things handy during road trips . I do like the overall size of this organizer and the different pockets but it just has n't held up well for this family of four . Within a couple of months the fabric at the top started to rip , exposing the cardboard backing . It 's still functional but really ca n't hold much weight -LRB- water bottles or children 's picture books -RRB- without stressing the seams . Might be ok for a young single person but not for a family with lots of stuff .
 Bought this at Walmart for $ 300 . It started easily the first 2 months . A year later the carb is leaking gas when I open the fuel shutoff valve . I work on cars all the time and checked the usual items . It is the carb , not the hoses or clamps . I went on the Devilbiss website and it is not listed as a current model . They have nothing like it now . I 'll buy a Honda next time . Update - still have it 2 yrs later , runs after lots of carb cleaner -LRB- run it dry , do n't trust STABIL alone -RRB- ... I now have problems with poor power quality , voltage swings , poor grounding even with ground rod , and no voltage to safety ground , only 105 volts from hot to neutral . I think it fried my refrigerator computer board - I wo n't use the generator anymore for anything electronic or valuable .
 Did not work on my 2002 Toyota sequoia limited , may be because it is the jbl radio on the limited
 This picture is misleading , especially if you make the mistake as i did , of not paying attention to the dimensions , which is given as a whopping 3.2 ounces . Buy a soft bristled toothbrush instead -LRB- it 's about the same size -RRB- , and save your money .
 I purchased a pair of these `` perforated '' gloves because they look slick.Unfortunately , they ripped within two weeks of more than gentle use . The Velcro closure on my right hand has already begun to separate from its stitching , & no longer provides a snug fit around my hand . I emailed the Motorcycle Market on the 22nd regarding the poor quality of the gloves & still have not gotten a response.Essentially , I paid $ 60.80 for gloves that ripped in a week ! -_- I imagined that $ 60 would last me a lot longer than 2 weeks ; apparently I was wrong.I just want my MONEY BACK . - UPDATE
 These gloves fit very well and are comfortable . However , they look better and more durable in the pictures , which is kind of misleading . They are very thin and flimsy , and I do not trust that they 'd hold up in a crash . For shorty gloves they are n't bad though if you only do slow speed in town riding . It 's been 3 months and some of the stitching is sticking up , and I 'm really hoping that it does n't come apart . Honestly , I wish I had paid a bit more and gotten better full gauntlet gloves . If you just want some comfortable gloves , these are it . If you are looking for protection , then keep on looking.edit
 According to the packaging , this generator only supports : - Nokia 1260 , 3300 , 3585 , 5100 , 6360 , 6590 , 8265 , 6200 , 6100 , 3600 , 3560 - Ericsson T28 , T60 , T61 , T300 , T600 , R520 , T68 - Motorola/Nextel V60 , V66 , V120 , C331 , T720 , I90 , I85 , I35 , I30 , I55 - Samsung V205 , A310 , A530 , R210 , R220 , R225 , N370 , N625 , S307 , E105 , X105 , X427 , E715 , P107That info is not obvious from the Amazon web site description or the manufacturer 's website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . It 's something that I would really liked to have had before I ordered it -LRB- and then found out it wo n't work with my cell phone ! -RRB- . Also , according to the packaging , the generator `` can not charge the phone battery fully & it is only used for emergency purpose '' . You 're supposed to rotate the handle at a speed of 2 to 2.5 rotations per second for 3 minutes to get 3-5 minutes of cell phone communications.On the plus side , it is very light & compact ...
 The phone does charge up with this thing connected , but at a rate of about 1 seconds of conversation per 1 minute of cranking . Pretty useless in an emergency and pretty difficult on your hands due to a tiny handle .
 The theory is GREAT . The implementation is OBNOXIOUS . None of the connectors are for USB connections . Not exactly `` the most popular '' connectors . Worthless with current phones .
 I was a little disappointed with the lack of Velcro around the lens area and also with the buckle on the waist strap . The material that the hood is made from looks to be durable . I had additional Velcro sewn around the lens area in hopes to seal it better also , a new quick release buckle to get the hood off quicker . I hope to give the hood a good work out very soon .
 BEWARE : This company lists items that they do not have in stock ! I bought several parts from this company , and after billing my credit card , they shipped only half of my order , then refunded only a portion of what was suppose to be refunded to me ! I had to get Amazon and Paypal involved in the resolution . AVOID THIS BAD SELLER ! Avoid wasting your time resolving issues with them .
 Works O.K. Seems to be it could be better built , not very much heat , latches are flimsy , logs are fragile easy to get broken , should of been made with legs on bottom to keep it off of ground .
 Pros : The digital tire gauge is quite helpful -- and accurate ! The display shows the PSI to a tenth of a pound . You can also set a minimum PSI warning that beeps if your tire is lower than the minimum.Emergency hammer seems quite sturdy , and light is functional . Seat belt cutter looks sharp.Cons : Lasted just 18 months while checking about 8 tires/month . According to Coleman , a company called Team Products was responsible for the product , repairs , and customer service on these products . Unfortunately , Team Products has filed bankruptcy and gone out of business and replacement units and parts are not available.The tire gauge is a bit awkward to use because of the shape of the hammer end . When checking tires , it has to be rotated not to interfere with the wheel , especially with bicycle tires.The AAA batteries are not included , and are a bit awkward to install , requiring a small phillips screwdriver . -LRB- The button cell batteries , used for the tire gauge are included , and have not needed replacement -RRB- .
 Not waterproof at all . The day I unpacked it we had a light rain -LRB- maybe for 10 minutes -RRB- and the it soaked right through . I would return it but it 's not worth the hassle .
 Well i purchased this item to protect the bike from the sandstorms and some rain and it really does n't protect from either of those elements . This is a dust cover for inside use only . Will invest a little more and get one that will at least protect from the rain .
 I had this inverter installed in my cargo van and just after a year it started giving me problems . I use it to mainly run an 800 watt microwave , laptop , and GPS . The inverter worked well then began to experience power loss . The unit remains on , but does does not give any continuous power output . Sometimes , the power output cycles on and off while still showing it is on at the switch . It is connected to a seperate high output battery of very good quality . I use it frequently , about 9 months out of the year . After 2 years now , I am still having problems with it . It is becoming frustrating not knowing if it will work or not . I have n't figured out any reason for it to act up . I am now looking for a new inverter . Maybe I just got a lemon . I expected more from a respectable name such as Tripp Lite .
 Product never got voltage above 84 and burned out a ceiling fan . Was told by support that voltage was OK and that I need a true RMS volt meter to accurately measure it 's voltage - guess the ceiling fan could n't read the true voltage either
 Really thought it was glass but just cheep plastic and kind of small the design is cool but plastic sucks for the price should have been glass or ceramic would not buy again do n't use them now probably will throw them away
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 It does n't work if cold out state -LRB- battery dies every time -RRB- . You ca n't turn ice alert off ... and it is all ways loud
 Do n't buy this . This was purchased based on it 's better reviews than other similar products . Upon receipt , the package looks identical to what was ordered on Amazon.com , BUT when opened , I quickly determined the actual unit was a totally different product with `` similar '' capabilities than what was shown on the box . The vague instructions on the package do not apply to the unit in the package . There are more buttons in different locations on the instructions than what are actually on the product . Instructions say to push the `` ice alert '' button to set the ice alert . There is no ice alert button on the product . There is no `` ice alert '' capability on the product received , although the package boasts it , and was a reason why I bought it . Giving it a shot , I put a battery in it , and it immediately read a twelve degree difference between the outside and inside temps while the probe was within inches of the unit . The instructions do not indicate how or where to install the outside sensor . I installed it one day and used it on a very cold day yesterday -LRB- 14 degrees F -RRB- . It seemed to track OK , meaning that as it got colder , the temp on the unit went down , but I can tell that by rolling my window down . The unit measured as low as 14 , but I could not compare for accuracy . Today the thing would n't turn on . If this goes through one AAA battery a day , it 's going in the trash . Not a good product . Very hard to turn on and walk through the screens on the LCD . You get better results sticking your head out the window . In this case , inexpensive definitely means `` cheap '' .
 The product description says that you can choose between fahrenheight and centigrade . I sent it to a person that needs to read temperature in centrigrade , but unfortunately , there is no way to choose between fahrenheight and centigrade . It is pre-set in fahrenheight . Thus , it is totally useless for what it was purchased for - to read temperature in centigrade . Beware if you are looking for a thermometer that reads centigrade . This one ca n't do it !
 March 14 FOLLOW UP REPORT
 First time I tried to use this device it blew the 15 amp fuse . Sent the unit to the manufacturer , but with no response after 2 1/2 months . Looks well made , but had a short .
 Just ordered my second one , trying to figure out return policy , if I can return the first one . Bought first one in May . Ordered second one in Oct. . Right turn signal quit working on the converter , thought it was the trailer or the truck , but after putting the checkers and the meters on everyhting narrowed it right down to the converter . If I have better luck with the next one , I will write a better report , or if I have another bad experience , I will have a lot worse report ...
 i ordered this on accident it was n't the one for my truck i forgot to look at what year it was for
 I 'm doing a brake swap on my pickup truck and needed 2003-2004 Mustang Mach 1 or these Mustang Cobra calipers -LRB- they are the same caliper just cosmetic differences -RRB- WITH BRACKET . Both Raybestos and Amazon part descriptions list this part as including the bracket . I ordered from Amazon because the prices were great compared to everywhere else -LRB- at least $ 10 less than current price -RRB- and with no core charge . When I received the part there was no bracket included . Called Raybestos to ask about it , only to find that the part descriptions were wrong . Since it would have cost almost twice as much to return the caliper and buy a different brand with the bracket I decided to keep the caliper and buy a bracket separate . Boy was I in for a shock , many people and places out there want close to $ 200 just for the caliper mount bracket . I lucked and won an auction for one for 20 bucks , but this whole project turned into a major headache due to a simple incorrect product description.One more word of caution , this caliper may not match the one you currently have . There were about three different cosmetic variations of these calipers run on the mustangs . The 2000 + Cobra , Bullitt , and Mach 1 all used this same caliper . The Mach 1 was a smooth plain unpainted caliper , the Bullitt was smooth painted caliper . Some Cobras had embossed or raised &#34; COBRA &#34; on them and others were smooth both were painted . I purchased this caliper and the matching raybestos part for the other side . This one was obviously remanufactured used part and had the raised cobra letters.The other side looked brand new like it just came off the assembly line , and the face was milled smooth instead of the raised lettering . Since the &#34; COBRA &#34; lettering was n't in the greatest shape I opted to remove it rather than return and hope to get a matching pair .
 Do n't waste your time or money . I wanted to avoid spending $ 200 on the Jeep pump from a local parts store or dealer . I wish I did . My original pump was leaking and making lots of noise . I installed this one , only got minimal power steering back , and after the first 10 mile drive there was power steering fluid raining down into a puddle when I parked.Having spent half a Saturday installing the thing , I was pretty frustrated . Since I am not a professional mechanic I figured it was 50/50 that either I installed it wrong , or got a bad pump . I should have realized it was the pump considering how it was packaged . Looked like it had been dropped in the box with greasy rags for packing . Fresh black spray paint on it so I figured it was packed in haste.Drove without power steering until I had time to get it into the dealer . They put a good pump in and boy what a difference . They also confirmed that THIS pump was either not remanufactured , or was not remanufactured properly . The seal in the back of the pump was bad.No warranty info on this one either . Sold by Amazon and outside 30 days so I am stuck . Lesson learned.Save yourself the headache and spend the extra money on one from the dealer or a local parts store . Unless you enjoy gambling ...
 I agree with above comments . If the cars sits a few weeks it starts sluggishly . Go a month and the battery is toast . It 's at 1.50 V and I ca n't charge it . I am going to try and swap it just as I did 6 months ago .
 I could n't agree with these reviews more . Had an Optima Red Top and after about 2 1/2 years it could n't start the car if it was sitting for over a week . Replaced it , but unfortunately could n't get a full warranty because I lost track of the exact date of purchase . Well I got a new prorated one , but the same thing is happening . If the car sits for any period , good luck . For this price I would expect great performance , not worse than mediocre .
 I have had 3 Optima redtops in the last year and they are the worst batteys ever . Ever single one dies after a week of the car sitting . The shop says there is no slow drain . An ammeter show no draw . Disconnect the battery and let it sit for a sit for a week and it still dies . There is an issue with their batteries . To top it off , Optima changed their product number so it can not be exchanged at the reseller for another redtop or upgrade to a yellow top . . . an extra crappy point to make is that I had a 3 year old riding lawn mower battery sitting on the shelf . I slapped it in the car as an emergency fix and I 've been running it for a month and a half no problem . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased the battery from Sears about 3 years ago . The battery had a 3 year warranty , Sears no longer carried the battery and would not exchange it . I purchased a new one figuring Optima would refund and warranty their exchange . They wanted me to send the battery in , wait 3 weeks for warranty processing , and would not refund my money for the new purchased battery . They did n't care that I purchased another one of their products and did care if I was without a car for 3 weeks.Based on Warranty policy and the fact that it only lasted 2.75 years I would never buy nor recommend.OPTIMA SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I put my $ 73.84 and my time -LRB- what I spend for instalation -RRB- in to the trash , when I buy Putco 97128 Stainless Steel Full Fender Trim . It is made from something what used for made can for cat 's food , so it is looking so cheap and poor.I do not recomend this thing for nobody.Stay away from.In fact it is not possible to use funccionally .
 The service was very good , No delays in shipping . I found the quality of construction of a very simple device very poor the receiver tube was out of alignment with the mounting plate , the welding was of marginal quality as well as the dimensions were not accurate and fit on square tubing was extremely tight . My first disappointment in dealing with Amazon.ld
 Unlike the item pictured , the hitch adaptor I received did not have bolts going through the metal bracket , it had studs that were welded to the bracket . These welds broke and only the bracket on one side of this adaptor was holding it on . When this happened the bikes shifted , gouging the frames , and scratching the back of my travel trailer.IF you order this , do it in far enough in advance , and if the brackets do n't have bolts do n't have the bolt heads and go all the way through the bracket , I 'd return it and have them send you a different one .
 This product is very cheap plastic , funny it says rust resistant , must not mean the propeller . Even funnier it has a lock , for what ?
 My friend was happy and it installed very easily ! The vent shades were another story ! No instructions or pamphlet or anything with these items ... all online and not very helpful.Bug deflector - very Niiice !
 This is nothing like description says it is , do not waste your time or money , it does not come with anything listed to lift any suspension component . Then it will take weeks and a couple hrs of your time to return and get a refund . Worst amazon purchase ever
 This product is terrible . I applied it 4 times to my glass shower door and it left streaks and did not take off the water spots as the can stated . It also did not spray evenly only spurted big globs of the toxic stuff on the door . I will get my guaranteed money back and would not recommend it for glass shower doors .
 I am amazed at the number of good reviews Stoner 's Invisible Glass Cleaner gets . I bought an aerosol can of Stoner 's a couple of years ago because of the good reviews it received . For me it was terrible . It was anything but invisible ! It left a haze no matter how many times I applied it and tried to wipe it off . I tried using both lint free cloths and paper towels and it still left a very noticable haze . I stopped using the product and went back to good old Glass Plus . I recently bought a new car and wanting to detail it with the best products I could find , I decided to once again try Stoner 's Invisible Glass because of the reviews and perhaps I missed something the first go around or they improved it . This time I purchased the spray bottle and the results were the same ... a smudgy haze that could not be removed from the glass . In fact , because it 's a new car , the glass was almost perfect anyway and it actually made the glass worse . Again , I went back to Glass Plus with perfect results . I have thrown away a full container of unused Stoner 's Invisible Glass for the second time . As the saying goes , `` fool me once ... shame on you , fool me twice ... shame on me . '' If I could give this product zero stars , I would have . It 's that bad !!! Sometimes the simplest solutions are the best . Avoid this product or buy it once and try it for yourself . Just keep the good old bottle of Glass Plus on hand , cause you 'll be needing it .
 I tried Stoners wipes after they sent me some free samples . As a glass cleaner , they were just o.k. , but as a rain repellant , it was just sad . Did n't work anywhere near as wonderfully as they 'd have you believe . I 'll just stick with RainX . It actually does what they say it 'll do . If this spray is anything like the wipes , I 'll pass .
 I purchased this at a local auto parts store because it claims to make glass `` Invisible '' . My auto glass has severe water spotting and the product did n't even phase it . For general usage , it is no better than the generic window cleaners you find in the dollar stores , and is much more expensive .
 Ok , so it does n't say that it works on bugs - I 'm ok with that . However , it does NOT work on sap . Therefore , it does not perform as advertised . I 've tried it on two vehicles that both had sap on them , and this product does not even make it easier to remove the sap . I do n't know how it works on tar , but do NOT buy it for bugs or sap .
 I wish I could write a good review regarding this product , but I ca n't . The only available unit I could buy from Amazon was a used one that was in `` very good '' condition . Everything worked fine including the error code that said the unit was n't installed in the original vehicle . I have to send it to Superchips so they can re-program it for another vehicle . This costs $ 100 plus s & h , so my $ 250 Superchip will end up costing more than a new one . I wish Amazon had a new one when I ordered .
 Item was not as pictured or described . It came with the cheap flat key and after twice ordering a return , I give up as they send the same lock . Complete waste of time . It does no good to contact Amazon customer service as they do n't read the problem , they just issue a return authorization , and you get the same item ... If you want the lock with the cheap flat key , you can get it cheaper here http://www.amazon.com/Trimax-TMC10-Deluxe-Coupler-Lock/dp/B000W0KUOO/ref=pd_sbs_auto_2As this is the actual lock that you will receive . They have since changed the picture for this item so you ca n't tell which type of key it uses , which is no good for the people like me that bought a misrepresented item.Buyer beware as they have set up another page to get more suckers to fall for misrepresentation . http://www.amazon.com/Trimax-Coupler-Latch-Lock/dp/B003NTJYW0/ref=pd_sbs_auto_27This company goes on the Do Not Trust list .
 While the lock seems ok , it is not what was pictured or what was written in the description . It has a regular key lock not the Type A key which is a spring loaded , 7 pin , high security key , -LRB- round key -RRB- as pictured or described in the write up . Disappointed with Amazon on this one . Never had any issues with anything ordered on Amazon til now . I specifically wanted the type of secure key pictured and thats why I chose this particular lock over some others I saw . Probably be returning just on principle .
 The TMC10 , the lock by itself , is fine . But the keys are completely substandard . Unlike what is shown in the online product information , the keys are just standard keys rather than the round style -LRB- whatever that is called -RRB- . The problem is that the keys are imbedded in really brittle plastic head . The plastic heads on both of the keys that came with our TMC10 have cracked and broken off . The `` blade '' of the key has no hole for placement on a key ring ; just the head does . The result is that keeping up with the keys will become a real issue . And , no , there is n't sufficient metal at the top of the metal key to drill a hole in it ; besides , why should I have to ? I am replacing this thing before I lose the keys and ca n't remove the lock easily .
 This deflector , while well made , is not compatible with the 2nd generation Nissan Murano . The roof of the Murano is curved and there are seams on each side that prevent proper adhesion of the deflector to the roof . I installed following the directions to the letter and the deflector worked great the first day . The second day I noticed that the corners had already started to come unstuck -LRB- 2-4 inches on each side -RRB- . This clearly posed a safety hazard as it was only a matter of time before the deflector came off at high speed in the rain or snow . I unfortunately had to return because it would not work with my car 's roof design.All in all this is probably not a bad product for cars with a flat , seamless roof .
 I was sent the wrong size product then i returned it and they sent the wrong size again and ups has not returned to pick it up so i can be refunded
 Well , you buy cheap wipers , you get cheap wipers . Lesson learned.And shame on Amazon for shipping 5 wipers in 5 seperate boxes .
 Product is very very hard to open . Easy to cut your hand when opening it as you have to pull very hard next to a blade . Complicated instructions with diagrams that are not explained . And I am an MIT mechanical engineer , for crying outloud . -LRB- A grades , graduated with honors 1975 . -RRB- Do not buy this product , it is hard to deploy , easy to cut one 's hand with it , hard instructions . I am not saying that the blade can cut one , no . The blade is properly recessed . What I am saying is that I was pulling on the thing and could not get it open . And I was afraid that it would suddenly `` give '' and my hands would fly . In that situation one 's hand can strike something and get cut . I think form reading other negatives that they need a quality control check . If you get one test it .
 Fraudulent , staged `` user reviews '' seem to be all the rage these days at Amazon , and elsewhere . In this particular example , do n't forget the product is designed -LRB- supposedly -RRB- with a very specific purpose . It 's not a decoration or hand toy . It better works when your car is immersed in water . So many people give it 5 stars , and declare `` I 'm so glad I bought it '' , without mentioning if they have any idea whether the product will work . A few people did mention that they tried the product , though you 'd still wonder . One person said she went to a junkyard and popped as many windows as she pleased . I guess the junk yard owner must be sleeping all the time . Another person said he had a few tempered glasses laying in his garage , on which he tried it out . Did he spend money on those sheets of tempered class?Several of the comments , ostensibly by different customers , said exactly the same thing , in exactly the same wording : `` The basic concept is easy . There are two tools , one to cut the seat belt and one ... `` You have to wonder who wrote them.Anyway , I tried the tools on wood planks and I 'm not impressed with the impact . Which is to say I do n't know if this thing will be useful at that critical moment -LRB- I bought a blue one , so you may not see me as `` verified buyer '' here -RRB- .
 Returned , Did not serve the purpose I needed . Maybe too high of expectations here . Seemed to be poorly built . Did not keep .
 how the heck do you use this thing ?? im afraid i may break it trying to figure it out-is this a joke ! it looks like it cost less than a dollar to make !! instructions ??????????? ps regular life hammer is excellent
 I purchased two for both cars , still wondering how it works . I will purchase a larger one locally , one that I feel I can trust when needed .
 This will no doubt become a favorite of car thieves everywhere . I hope that I can find a keychain mounted blowtorch to accompany this .
 The spring-loaded head does not push back . I used a flashlight and looked inside and noticed that the pin is not centered with the hole in the middle of the hammer head which is the cause to why the spring-loaded head does not push back . I 'm very angry about receiving a defective product .
 it dosent even brake the glass and when it does deploy it only leaves a slight divot and then it doesnt reload like the box says it does
 It is really tough to say how well this would work in a crisis . I am not sure if it will really break a window , yet thought ok i will keep it in the car . But the real problem is , it is way to bit to keep on my key chain , and the keys are in my purse which will be who knows where on impact . I think I will rather search for a bigger item that is easier found in case I should ever ever need it
 I returned this emergency keychain to Amazon because it did n't work.The spike would n't even dent a glass bottle . The razor blade that 's supposed to cut seat belts in an emergency took too much time .
 This did not work for me . I tried it on two different cars a few years ago , a 1992 mercedes 300E and a 1996 Chevy Suburban . The Mercedes was converted to 134a ; every summer it requires to be filled with freon . The Suburban would leak out the freon about every 4th week . I thought this would fix the leaks since they are both small enough , but they both leaked out the freon at about the same rate as without this seal . The best solution is to find the source of the leak and get it repaired properly , which many not be the cheapest way , but it 's the best long term solution .
 I must preface my review that I can not speak to the sealing effectiveness of this product as the compressor seized during the road test . The hose it comes with is crap , plain and simple . Its suposed to be a quick release and seal up but it didnt , instead after i disconnected it the hose sprayed a nasty sticky , oily foam . So even if the compressor had lived im not too sure about if the sealer would have even done the job . Lesson learned , always test the viability of the system before adding expesnsive additives .
 I pulled 30 inches of vacuum for 30 minutes on my Chevrolet s-10 pickup . I installed Cliplight 's ss pro 946 kit per instructions . My s-10 's ac blew ice cold at first -LRB- 38 degrees -RRB- for like 3 weeks -LRB- same as last year -RRB- , then I noticed the ac 's not as cold . Now it 's lucky to get to 70 degrees . It 's obviously leaking . $ 85 wasted -LRB- 3 cans 134a synthetic and ss pro kit -RRB- . The ss pro 946 kit is supposed to seal any existing and new leaks.A lot of great reviews but I do not think I will use again as SS Pro did NOT fix my trucks problem.A heads up
 Does n't work I vacuumed the system and changed the accumulator . The item did not stop the small evaporator leak I had in my Durango do n't waste your money .
 I make sure follow instruction from label such as after 5 minutes vacuum and pressure still holding 23 psi requirment , no air in system by vacuum and recharge the amount freon per Auto manufacture with the Leak Repair Kit . Result `` Clog up expansion valve '' . Help Help .
 Cliplight Manufacturing 946KIT Super Seal Pro A/C Leak Repair KitI 've had problems for a couple of years with my auto air conditioner -LRB- a 2000 Chrysler product -RRB- and believed the main problem to be with a leak in the dryer , which is a real pain in the a. . to change on my particular car . After using a couple of cheaper brands of sealants and recharging the refrigerant 2 or 3 times in the past to no avail , I decided to buy and try the Super Seal . I followed the detailed directions to the letter ; and the air conditioner worked ok for about 1 1/2 weeks but then went kaput again . The previous attempts at sealing the system may have interfered with the efficacy of this product . My neighbor , who is a certified HVAC technician , told me has had good luck with this company 's products in other refrigeration applications . In my opinion , it 's worth spending the money on a can of this stuff and trying it before spending `` big money '' to get your auto air repaired .
 The instructions say to connect the can to the supplied hose , turn the can upside down and allow contents to empty into the car 's AC system . Well the can `` emptied '' alright , but only into the attached hose , not fully into the car 's AC system . So when I detached the hose from the car -LRB- because the can was `` empty '' -RRB- , you guessed it , this EXPENSIVE sealant went rushing out of the hose and onto my garage floor . Not happy .
 Used as instruction said to the letter , rub dishwashing solution where leak was , 30 mins later leak still there.Don ' t waste your money on this .
 i used this exactly my 98 chev cavalier per instructions , just turned 100k . NO LUCK ! what a waste of money for me . all but 2 reviews raved about it so i thought whats another 30 something bucks if it worked . i guess you take the gamble and you win or lose . loser here ! i did read that you must use freon right after using this or the port will clog . wouldnt that figure ??? the only thing this stuff stops is the low side port ???
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 This was the second sensor I ordered . The first one had not work and this one was no better . I ended up junking the car .
 Bought this product to clean `` black streaks '' from a cargo trailer . Product does not instantly , nor with scrubbing , remove the black streaks as it claims . False advertisement . May be good for cleaning floors as the other reviewer stated , but I bought it to clean `` black streaks '' as advertised and it does no such thing ?
 Product did not work out of the box . Had to order a replacement from the vendor . Chip was bad according to tech service .
 I purchased this detector a few months ago . The times that I have used it I could not find a leak , even in systems that I know there were leaks , even big leaks . Especially does not work well for 410-A . But what can you expect when you pay just over $ 100 . If you are serious , you will have to spend about $ 300 - $ 400 .
 This leak detector worked fine for the first month , then for no apparent reason it just stopped . Would not recharge battery , would not run . TIF -LRB- now owned by SPX distress business management ... -RRB- would not honor the 25 year warranty without the original sales receipt . I bought this unit online several years ago and due to computer replacement no longer had the original invoice . I guess that 's their way of avoiding repairs . Nothing to lose so I pulled it apart and found a couple of transistors fried . Oh well , so much for the TIF brand . I purchased a replacement CPS detector instead of messing with the TIF anymore . They have since discontinued this model leak detector and replaced it with a refaced unit . Use extreme caution when purchasing anything with the SPX brand logo on it . They take over distressed companies and seldom honor any warranty claims . Buyer beware .
 I ordered 2 of these 2 packs of mirrors thinking I would get 4 mirrors . Apparently it is just a ` one-pack ' because I only received 2 mirrors .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 For some reason this part did not work . I had a machanic put the part on and the oil pressure gauge still did not work . This was to simple a repair to put on improperly .
 part wasnt even the same size as original but put it on anyways cuz it did fit . . turned on the jeep and nothing part didnt even work .
 It 's not a direct fit . It does n't plug into the factory wire harness connector very well . After installing the sensor it showed zero oil pressure . I re-installed my old sensor until I get down to the local auto parts store .
 Great idea , but needs to be tweaked . First off , the shaft that goes through the rubber grommet should be square as should the hole in the grommet so that the handle will stay in the horizontal flat position . With everyone and their dog using this , the handle will get pointed sideways and every which way . Second , there should be a pin on the back side , so that the handle can not be pulled , which will make it miss the handle on the screen door completely or worse , popping off the cap on the opposite side , to be lost forever in the lawn . I would not purchase this item in its present design again .
 Simple gadget that if it worked , would be great . Real waste of money and time .
 I purchased this with the hope of not having to slide open the plastic access door to open the screen . It works so so . I do n't think I would purchase one again if I were to get a new trailer .
 I ordered this grille insert for my wife 's 07 Equinox and it did n't COME CLOSE to fitting . The top piece was too tall and too narrow and the bottom piece had about 5 to 6 inches on each side that did n't cover the grille . Box said Putco 82150 , exactly what I ordered , but it was n't close to matching the description online . I gave this item 2 stars because the product was well cut and had a good mirror finish .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Male end leaked , female end blew off in the middle of the night . Water everywhere , manager was very unhappy . Also puts a bad taste to the water .
 I purchased 5 of these and 3 of the 5 leak around the end fitting .
 This hose was advertised as `` Heavy Duty '' It is very light weight . A real heavy duty hose is much heavier . Kinks easily .
 Seemed OK in the beginning . Had difficulty getting the male end to connect tightly without leaking . Failed catastrophically at night flooding my RV storage compartment . Turns out the thread roots in the male fitting had cracks from faulty fabrication . They gave way in the middle of the night causing a real mess . Check carefully if you buy this item . It has brass fittings and roughly finished threads if examined closely .
 I purchased this hose to fill 55 gallon water storage drums . What they do n't say in the product description is that the hose end that screws onto a bib valve is in fact made out of really crappy plastic so that if you do n't get the angle perfectly correct you will strip the threads on this hose and it will quickly become unusable . I strongly urge anyone who is thinking of buying this product not to do so . It lasted me for two uses before I had to throw it away . This is a waster of money .
 I bought this connector to hook up a pet water bowl to an outside standpipe . When it arrived I did n't immediately notice that the connector was made of yellow plastic rather than metal but I sure found out as soon as I hooked it up . It leaked right away . I unhooked it to check that the gasket was making a good seal -LRB- it was n't -RRB- and then tried to reconnect it . That 's when the plastic thread got shredded and after that it would not go on straight so it 's useless . I went to Lowe 's and bought a similar one that did have metal connections and that 's working fine.To their credit , Amazon gave me a refund with no quibbles .
 I travel for a living and have been in my 5th wheel for 7 years . I avoid these hoses because they do not hold up . The ends develop leaks very quickly . The hose itself is not bad quality , it is the fittings that are cheap and undependable . If you have to buy this hose , as I have in the past , be sure and swing by lawn and garden and pick up a repair kit so you can replace the fittings when they start leaking .
 Hose is not yet leaking at connections , but it is bulging badly in the middle and I can see where water has gotten outside of the white casing and into the clear casing . It is merely a matter of -LSB- short -RSB- time before this breaks . I have already ordered a new replacement item . I do n't feel this is a durable item mean for its intended purpose . I purchased less than one year ago an it has been used about 2 months . I also have a pressure valve on my Airstream .
 I know this was a cheaper option for a fresh water hose , but the one I received had a yellow plastic female fitting , not the metal fitting pictured . I 've never had very good luck with plastic hose fittings - I hope this one work better than I expect ...
 This did not fit my '03 F-150 with honeycomb grille . This insert is for the bar style grille . Putco 82112 is supposed to work for the honeycomb style according to the Putco website . It is less expensive and I just ordered it from Amazon , we 'll see ...
 I purchased grill for 2000 f-150 and it did not fit right , emblem is off center by 2 inches
 TO REPLACE THE BATTERY YOUR HAVE TO OPEN THE BACK , THAT MEANS YOU HAVE REMOVE IT FROM WHERE ITS STUCK , OPEN THE BACK AND RE-STICK IT AGAIN THUS LOOSING THE STRENGTH OF THE ORIGINAL GLUE
 Not as bright as I would have liked for underneath shelf on a bookcase to highlight a fish bowl . Plus , how do you change bulbs without taking it down and ruining the self-adhesive tape ?
 This all plastic regulator does n't hold a candle to the brass one it 's replacing.Foolish of me to think it would give a leak tight seal without the use of plumber 's tape .
 The first time I used this pressure regulator , it appeared to work fine . Within the first hour , it sprang a leak , shooting a constant jet of water out the side . It appears that a hole left over from the injection molding process is plugged somehow and that plug came loose.I wanted the brass version , but could n't get it fast enough for my camping trip . Luckily enough , a True Value near the campground had the brass model in stock . I am very happy with this replacement.Spend the couple extra bucks and buy the brass version .
 Installed one of these in my girlfriends jeep and less than a week later I got a call from her that the jeep was broken . The bottom hose had broken off right at the radiator . The radiator I pulled out was made of metal .
 Not happy with the noise from these pads . They work fine just annoying when applying brakes lightly when coming to a complete stop .
 Product is not as shown -- I ordered , received a cheap yellow plastic hose quick connect w/shut off , returned to Amazon for correct item , then received incorrect item a second time , gave up and received a refund . The SKU matches the plastic item , if you want brass , as shown , do not order this item .
 I received this promptly , but it was plastic , not brass , always read reviews before makimg a selection . Picture at webpage is brass .
 What is shipped now is a low quality plastic connector ; I exchanged thinking Amazon made a mistake and got back another plastic connector . This plastic connector is made in China . I bought US made Dramm connectors elsewhere and am happy with them .
 The stock numbers match up but the picture and description could n't be further from the truth.Plastic , plastic , plastic ... and it 's yellow . Not a speck of brass in sight.It 's not even a plastic `` version '' of the picture either.What was shipped is a completely different animal , and frankly , not worth the $ 5 I paid .
 I have an SP600 that needed a new clutch , ordered this so-called kit ! Expecting friction plates and clutch plates in the kit is too much.All that you get is clutch plates in this `` kit '' . Had to order friction plates `` additional 40.00 '' when this is advertised and priced at whole kit pricing , do n't do it .
 The title pretty much says it all . This product is difficult to use - the tube it comes in is poorly designed , and unless you 're to use the entire 3.7 ounces in just 4-5 applications , it 's going to become sealed shut . It takes extraordinarily long to bond , so it can only be used in jobs that can be braced . The vapors it gives off are very detrimental to one 's health , and it only takes one good whif , or a minute in the same room as the exposed glue to give you a serious headache , making it impossible to use for anything inside of the car . Finally , if you can get past these issues , once successfully bonded , Amazing Goop is only marginally stronger than easier to use , more quick-acting , or less hazardous glues , such as gorilla glue or JB Weld . Just about the only positive thing I can say about it is that it does n't expand after application.I 'm very disappointed in this product . I imagine it has its specific uses when applied in the correct environment under the correct circumstances , but if you 're a casual user who wants an easy-to-use , strong glue for simple repair jobs , look elsewhere .
 Not suitable for interior useThis product is extremely toxic . The active ingredient , toluene , is harmful at any exposure ; it penetrates deeply into the lungs and is immediately absorbed by the brain and fatty tissue . The product label only lists minor , temporary effects like headache , nausea , dizziness and watery eyes . Other toluene-containing adhesives , I discovered after my experience with this product , warn of potential damage to the kidneys , liver and immune system . And I found , through use and research , that toluene is also hazardous to the cardiovascular system . But the Amazing Goop product label is not forthcoming on these effects.I did not know anything about the substance `` toluene '' when I first used this inside my car to glue up a headliner . The manufacturer is obligated to inform those who may not be acquainted with the ingredients of the real hazards of the product . At the very minimum , the company should have recommended the use of a mask when applying the adhesive ; that would have given consumers a clue as to how toxic this is.The glue creates very hazardous fumes inside the car and the glue outgases for much longer than the manufacturer claims . Anyone who applies this adhesive inside their vehicle and then uses the vehicle within weeks or longer of application will experience adverse effects of toxicity.Exposure to this product made me feel worse than I have ever felt in my life . It does not metabolize normally ; the impact lasts a long time . I never thought my lungs would return to normal , long after I had already given up using the car . The use of this product has been extremely expensive for me ... which is an understatement . Substantial monetary loss is just part of it . When a material exposure impacts one 's cognitive function , it is scary.The fact that this happened in the U.S. reveals the failure of the Consumer Product Safety Commission to adequately regulate . The European Union issued a directive that went into effect in June , 2007 , which bans toluene in consumer adhesives and spray paint . Action like that needs to be taken in the U.S. Damage to human nervous system from toluene is a very serious issue . Protecting consumers from hazardous products is the not only the most ethical thing to do , it is the most cost-effective way to operate a society .
 I have a friend who used this product inside her car and received possible harmful effects from it .
 It is Junk ... just another useless piece to put on the shielf , does not work ... please do n't waste your money on this junk
 The writeup claimed 2in I.D. and it was n't . The instructions say to bend the edges if needed for a snug fit.If it actually was 2in I.D. it would have been a tight fit.Another piece of junk on a shelf now .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 It seems that these gauges are not very accurate . When I checked the measurements on factory gapped plugs against this gauge and a more traditional blade-type set of gauges , the blade gauges matched the factory spec much more closely than this gauge did.This style of tapered gap gauge is usually preferred , so maybe another make or model would be more carefully manufactured than this particular one.Caveat emptor .
 Product description and the picture indicate the item is `` all-metal '' . When I received this item the faucet was plastic , and the item looks cheaper than the one in the picture .
 Says ALL METAL but the one I received is GREY PLASTIC ! The faucet section is PLASTIC not metal . RIPOFF ! False advertising !
 i recieved two of these kits , and both of them were missing the same piece . i have returned both of them and have yet to see any kind of credit .
 We were thinking about buying this -LRB- Camco 22703 -RRB- on Amazon for our RV , found it for a better price on clearance at a local retailer . No matter , our experiences have been in line with the other reviews
 Poorly made , when I tightened it down the crimp sprung a leak . I would not recommend this to a friend .
 Nice concept , but more trouble than it 's worth . Does n't feel solid enough to last very long . And it 's simply not easy to tug a napkin out without ripping it .
 I made the mistake of ordering this at the same time I ordered a ball mount . It shipped quick the only problem it was in 3 pieces . Also this product does not fit a 93 chevy silverado extended cab fleetside 4 x 4 . It was too big . Still have n't found a mirror to fit it yet .
 The problem with this tensioner pulley is that it has more resistance in the rotation than the stock pulley . That will in effect take power from the engine . Yes the OEM pulley is quite a bit more expensive , but it might be worth it .
 I bought this to replace the aging fuel pump on my 1976 Datsun 280z . The fuel injection on my car is rated to 36.3 PSI nominal operating pressure.This pump outputs EIGHT PSI . 8 PSI!Needless to say , there 's no way the car will ever run with this pump installed . I will not be purchasing anything made by this company again.Absolutely ridiculous . -LRB- Oh , and in case you 're wondering if I bought the wrong pump
 hello sir i know you may have already known this but most of those old nissan/datsun 's have a mechanical fuel pump . if you look up a fuel pump for a 77 datsun 200sx you will find the fuel pump you need . but im sure by this time you have already found a suitable replacement . happy nissan to ya . oh and if you look at autozone.com you will find the part number 1307 for the price of $ 37 .
 I bought this for a boat engine replacement project . I returned it . Quick story ... Approx 600lb motor , well within 1000lb rating of puller . On first try . the puller went an inch or two and cut out -LRB- overload safety -RRB- . Hmmm - found that the tool had arived with the puller cable spooled backwards , causing it to rub and abbraid on the entry opening and spooler mechanism . Pulled the cable all the way out and wound it back in correctly . The abbraision problem was solved , but the thing still cut out after every few inches . Finally got the engine high enough , then started moving it down onto a dolly . The variable speed which kind of worked in the pull mode does not work at all in the release mode . The slightest trigger pull caused the load to lower quickly and a minimum of an inch or more . Useless come time to gently lower the engine onto engine mounts . I 'm returning it and getting a manual chain hoist . This product is a great concept , but a poor execution . It might be good for dragging trees or something , but not for any kind of precision work .
 The PullzAll never worked out of the box . Warn Works customer service says the product was probably defective and to return it to Amazon for replacement . I do and Amazon decides to give me a refund -LRB- minus a restocking fee of $ 35.62 -RRB- and not the replacement that I specifically asked for . When I asked them about it , they simply say `` We would like to help BUT ... . and you can reorder another online if you wish . '' Fat chance of that . The time and expense of shipping a faulty piece of equipment back and forth is n't worth the hassle or the cost . Bottom line
 We purchased this Pullzall two months ago , and have used it about 5 times . It has a nice `` overload/auto reset '' feature to stop you from damaging it . it just stops if it is above capacity and gives you a red warning light . That worked fine for a while , but on the 4th or 5th time it started flashing all the lights , then they all went out . It now no longer works . I would n't reccomend this tool if there is any chance you are going to be overloading it .
 OK , So after reading some reviews , I decided to give the Warn winch a try . After all , Warn does seem to have a fairly good name in the off-road world . I needed a winch for my machine shop where we had a job and the parts being machined were about 100 lbs . a piece and needed to be easily lifted from lathe to milling machine and vice versa . I decided to build an overhead gantry and use the Warn 110v unit to do the repetitive vertical lifting . Initial thoughts after receiving the unit are decent quality for a unit that came from China but in a few years of use , YOU WILL NEED A HEARING AID !!! The machine is so loud . Anyway , I set up the gantry and the little winch does a fairly good job of picking up the steel ... at least in the beginning it did . We had about 16 pieces to machine . All in all , I would say that we used the winch to lift 100 # up 4 feet about 1 minute out of every 10 minutes . Toward the end of the job ... THE WINCH WAS SMOKING . . LITERALLY !!! We had to cool the motor down with compressed air in between uses . Even then I was able to notice a constant degrade of power until at the end of the 16 parts , the unit would go into overload when I initially pulled the trigger . I was able to finish the job but I definitely do not think the winch will last another job!SynopsisThese units are disposable and I can not believe that Warn puts their badging on it !! You will go deaf using it!The unit I have literally smokes lifting 100 lbs with a 10 % duty cycle . Imagine lifting 1,000 lbs as they say is the max !! All in all , I am happy to have been able to finish the job without breaking my back but I do not hink that the winch will last . Buyer Beware.Thanks for reading . Jay
 I do n't think it is worth over $ 200 . I use my 1st one to pull shrubs out of yards and am getting more and more ambitious on the size of bush I want to pull . The one wench red lines and I am afraid of ruining it . So , here I am ; BUT , geez these things are tooooo pricey now . Where 's the china alternative?Well , I bought the second and pulled a huge pine tree root ball.i wanted to give it 5 stars , since the secon one seems to have a overload cut out timer ... CRAP ! Bought the second and now I have two BROKEN ones . Examined the guts and man am i disappointed . Too frustrated to type about it ... for now , more later ... . this buggers at least can hang out of the way as reminders of bad engineering.Yep , just saw it in my box of broken dreams , what a shame , the wasted money on these POS ... live and learn ... I have the parts for two of them , and would like to offer an option for other broken ones to be sent for further study of a claim of faulty product . So , have fun with the new one , and when it breaks , let me know and we will go from there ... years later still troubles me , what a POS , one day I will just throw the thing away
 The Warn Model 685000Pulzall 110 Corded Electric Power Tool is very limited in what it can do , due to the lack of a remote cord control or a longer cord . The motor sounds like a power drill is operating it , and the wire rope does not look like it will hold up for long.Because of where the trigger control is located , the operator will have to be right up to the work , and if something is lifted , be on a ladder over the work . It could get dangerous , depending upon what is lifted . This product needs to be re-designed , even if it costs more.A low cost chain hoist is better than this product . Jed A. Peeler
 I used my PullzAll for putting in and taking out docs on my property . Prior to the PullzAll I used a light duty hand winch like you fine on a boat trailer with no problems but my wife purchased the PulzAll for me to save me time and energy . I also have a couple of good friends that have them and use for similar light duty purposes . Within a couple of uses all three of us have burned out our motors . My two friends burned theirs out first but I just assumed they had red-lined them too much but then when mine suffered the same death , I am 100 % convinced there is a serious engineering flaw in the units . Mine would start smoking with NO load on it at all , just running the unit to reverse out the cable caused it to smoke and eventually this heat results in the thing self destructing . Complete waste of $ 200 + .
 Purchased several years ago ... right out of the box it made more noise than a chain saw , but seemed to work o.k. Used once or twice a year until this spring when pulling a tree limb that could n't weigh more than 150 pounds , when it ground to a halt and died , deader than the tree it was pulling . Took to an authorized Warn repair shop as it was out of warranty and learned it needed an entirely new motor , which cost all of about $ 20 less than a new unit . Better off to use an old fashioned block and tackle or a chain hoist than this contraption .
 It was a great tool until the motor burned out after using it for about 6 times . The warranty had expired two weeks before it gave up . I used it for home construction and did not abuse it . A new motor will cost $ 100.00 . Nice tool if you do not not need lift much with it and I may buy another one .
 This cup holder is very big . Is impossible use between the console and the seats.The plastic is very cheap .
 Wedgie Cup Holdervery difficult to keep it vertical , when wedged in as recommended in my BMW 740 il , have had multiple spills
 This pump is garbage . I have gone through 4 of these pump in a little over 2 years , each time the pump goes bad Aitex changes the reason why . The newest explanation I got was `` the estimated life span of todays fuel is only 2 months , so the fuel must have varnished the pump '' . I wouldnt waste the money on this pump . Also , be careful , I believe several companies sell this pump , but rebranded with their name on it
 paid $ 52 plus tax for this POS , it lasted less than 500 miles , professionally and correctly mounted . Do n't waste your time or money on this item , Airtex used to be a great product line , not this one . i gave it one star because you ca n't give 0
 The same as the other pump . Right picture on the box wrong part in the box . I need the one in tank , not external !
 I wondered why the reviews say this pump is great and junk ! I see most of the good reviews , the pump is used in addition to another pump or as a backup . The pump I purchased was a carter P61295S . I could n't find any information on this pump . Then I found a cross referance to the airtex E8012S . I 've found anything made in China not worth opening the package even if it 's free !! This pump caused many hours of trouble . The short verson is , we knew the problem was fuel , but by the time we had the car in a safe place to work on it the pump `` cooled off '' and worked again . 3 garages , 2 carbs , 3 fuel lines and a new gas tank . Finally having spent many hours , we were fast at jumping out and under and found the pump defective . Good luck !!
 I had an old version of this cup holder which was a little different and great until someone broke it . This version is easier to install , but on both of the ones I have the mechanism that holds the holder upright and not tilted down became too loose after a couple of months . Now my drinks stay in the cup holder but they are slanted at an angle -- which would cause a full drink to spill .
 I have every confidence that this product would perform well , as it is sturdy and well made . Nice that it can go from an all-purpose holder to a round-specific holder with the flick of a plastic piece.The problem is it will not clip to my air vent . It is designed for air vents with directional slots under a certain depth , and my car 's vents are slightly too deep , so the clips will not reach in far enough to hold.So be warned that this is not universal . I drive a 1992 VW Passat , so if you drive an early 90 's VW or Audi , you might want to avoid this one .
 I own three late model vehicles & with tremendous effrot was only able to install in one vehicle . The installation in that vehicle proved to be incapable of withstanding the slightest bump without falling from its location . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I am not happy with what this cost , how cheap it is , how little it holds , or how it might affect the vent it is put on . Very sad . I ca n't even sell it . Do n't buy one , you 'll be disappointed like we were .
 thought I finally found the perfect cup holder . . I actually bought some of these as gifts for my friends . I have a couple in my car . . put wet wipes in them , my cell phone as well as my drink . Nothing heavy . After a month or so ... the bottom slidder , that holds it in place , kept slipping and now wo n't hold any more . . It would cost me too much to return them so I 'm trying to rig them to make them work . . What I thought was a good thing ... turned out ... not so good !!! Not worth the money !
 These mirrors from Best Price Mirror are not even the correct fit . They do not fit the applications they say they do as the mirrors are not made to OEM specs . Only buy these mirrors if you do not care how they fit .
 hidg products are very porely made and dont fit if you call dg they say that they dont know why it will not fit and have not had problems with them but if you get on some of the forums and read you can see all the problems . on the plus side the store i bought it from was great they returned it and gave me a full refund
 When I received this item I was a little disappointed . The plastic molding was n't the best , but you ca n't expect chrome for the price . They look ok from 5 ft away . Not all that amused with red eye sockets .
 This seller is dishonest in his sales , and the cost of postage . They claimed that it would cost $ 7.17 to mail my product of Four ounces . When i received my products still in their package I took it to the post-office to be weight and to check how much postage was paid to send it too me , the Clerk at the post-office advised me that the postage paid by the seller to send me the items was $ 1.73 . So the seller gained another $ 5.44 profit by lieing to me about the cost of S&H . this type of selling is very unethical , and leaves the buyer wondering how many others did these people cheat on their postage fees . There is only one word that discribes these types of sellers , `` CROOKS '' . Beware when buying from these people and request a copy of how much the actual postage will be , and a receipt of the postage payed on your package .
 I wished I could have written a review for this product . Unfortunately , they sent the wrong filter . My mistake is that I bought it long before the present was due for changing , and did not check the dimensions of the K&N one until I was ready to install it , at which time I found out they sent the wrong one . I guess we should always expect them to make mistakes with shipments and should never take it for granted that they would send the correct product .
 I installed this window regulator two months ago , and already the cables in it tangled with the mechanism inside and stopped working.At first , it worked , although it was slower than the factory installed thing.The only reason I bought this one was the fact I desperately needed one before we went on vacation for a week in our car.I just had it replaced by the dealers and the new replacement works just like the original.My advice - DO N'T BUY THIS ONE !! - Spend the extra time and money and have it replaced by the dealer !
 After i waited 3 weeks for the item and kept on calling they finally tell me they do n't have one and wasted three weeks of my time , Thanks sal
 Regulator new in box , install was straight forward , and quality appears fine.I had hoped to install the new regulator before a family vacation two weeks away , and saw that Fedex had the shipment info the next day . We did n't get the regulator until 4 weeks later , A week after our vacation with the window wired close , but squealing at highway speed because it was n't closed tight.I guess I expected much quicker delivery .
 seeming as i have never recieved this product . i guess im going to have to rate this item very low on this review . i told the company `` best priced mirrors '' or `` parts train '' or whoever about this problem . at first the response was fast and they seemed to aim to please . they gave me a 15 dollar discount and had me take down my negative comment and said they would immediatly ship the mirror that i did not recieve . WELL ITS BEEN OVER A MONTH AND I STILL HAVE NOT GOT WHAT I PAID FOR , OR WHAT THEY TOLD ME THEY WOULD SEND . small cash refunds do not make up for lack of integrity . if you tell someone you will d something , you should do it . if you have negative reviews , I would refrain from removing them untill all parties involved are satisfied with the results .
 So disappointed when I received the product I was excited . But when It came to install the product pads were to small . Now I find myself at Auto Zone buying brake pads while my mechanic waits for me at my garage . Thanks
 I really like the shape and that it 's not glass . BUT SALT AIR MAKES THE SURFACE PIT i wax once a month . I buy one every year for the last 5 years . -LSB- i 'm a glutton for punishment -RSB- about 6 years ago i bought one for a friend of mine ' and with no pitting at all , and very little maintance it still looks brand new.this tells me that the older mirrors had thicker plateing . go back to heavier plateing i 'll pay the extra money . zirmack and salt do n't mix RON
 No matter what I do , no matter what I try and jury rig , no matter WHAT . . this thing pops off the windshield frame . Something about the angle of everything lining up is just not right . Avoid .
 i selected these shocks on the basis of the reviews i had read in general about tokico in car forums.what a piece of junk and how expensive.i am going to take the time and trouble to take them off the car and return them.honestly the front of the car bounces up and down more than when i had my old shocks.i avoided facing the obvious for months and avoided driving this car , i have more than one car . it is a ereal pain
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 This product has caroded and stained our vehicle after the winter months , awful craftmenship for a HD logo , so upset .
 Bought two sets of these for two rigs and live in an area with no use of salt in the winter and the shine pitted and fell off even before winter was here and probably before the third wash of the vehicle . Idaho
 I purchased this to charge up my riding mower ... junk is the only word that comes to mind . It was not worth the money .
 I was going to buy locally but noticed they were made in China so I waited and ordered from Amazon , as I remembered the picture of the package shows `` Made in the USA '' . Amazon 's image of this product is incorrect . The Coleman 989 's I received were made in China -LRB- from who knows what -RRB- .
 After I received 2 filters for my 2 cars , I was alarmed by visible less filtration fiber in K&N ; filters . In many instances you can see small openings in the fiber.Fiber has some oil that helps to collect dirt from air , but sometimes that can also mess up ignition things . Filter build solidly , but the main working function clearly not as good as a regular -LRB- original -RRB- filter . I went on other web sites to read reviews about it . Many people impressed by it 's solid build , but informed ones all point to potential problems from using it . Bottom line it will allow more air , but at expense of allowing more dirt in to an engine . Following common sense , in industrial settings nobody uses type of filters as K&N ; does , in semiconductors manufacturing , in clean rooms all filters are HEPA , and fiber type similar to regular -LRB- original -RRB- filters . Using K&N ; filters might void warranty on your car.Will be returning these today , and will get original ones at third of the price .
 This unit worked fine for 15-months , but now the Green and Yellow light are always on . I contacted customer service many times but I can not get an explanation why the yellow light stays on . I have had it connected for nearly 30-hours to a new car 12-v battery . Even after driving around for some time to assure the battery was charged , it still stays lit on the yellow.While I could say 15-months for a $ 27 item might be worth it -LRB- I would say not ... -RRB- , the lack of better customer support keeps me from really trusting this anymore.This has a two-year warranty , so I 'm sending it in . Granted , that may not be worth my time and postage , but I 'll give them one more shot at my business.ps
 I use this to keep my boat battery topped up while it is not being used . I have had two of them now , and both of them stopped working . The first time fairly soon after I bought it , the second one in less than a year.While it works , it works fine .
 I purchased this to add to my washer tank when the weather got really really cold and the tank froze up -LRB- the folks that did the last top-off apparently did n't use cold weather fluid -RRB- . After reading the directions , however , this stuff appears to have the same properties as standard cold-weather washer fluid . In fact , it says to use it at full concentration in extreme cold conditions . Adding it to a frozen solid tank did get things moving again , but so did regular -20 F washer fluid -LRB- which I can get anywhere at a fraction the cost -RRB- .
 this is a 12 oz bottle and to get -26 deg you must mix one bottle to one bottle water which makes 24 oz , being that this is 2.50 per bottle and there is 128 oz in a gal i will take 5.33 full 12 oz bottles to make a gal of fluid , which means im paying $ 13.33 for a gal of -26 deg washer fluid i can buy at the parts store for $ 1.89 , What a JOKE
 I ordered 2 of these 2 packs of mirrors thinking I would get 4 mirrors . Apparently it is just a ` one-pack ' because I only received 2 mirrors .
 After reading the reviews on Amazon and multiple Toyota forums concerning this `` locking '' gas cap I called the manufacturer -LRB- STANT -RRB- and talked to a fella named Chris . He assured me that maybe 1 in 200 caps had a problem . He then added that the 10509 cap was being re-designed and the new version would be available in maybe 6 months . Based on the current problems with gas prices , theft -LRB- siphoning -RRB- , and his statement that `` 1 in 200 '' had a problem , I bought one . TRUST ME . . It does n't work at all !!! Called him again today and explained the problem . His response was `` I told you we were re-designing it and you went out and bought one anyway ?! '' Now , if they knew the thing did n't work , why are they still selling it ??? I 'm out $ 22.00 . I 'll be contacting the Federal Trade Commission tomorrow . In the meantime , I 'd advise NOT buying this product .
 I purchased the Stant 10509 locking fuel cap for my 2006 Toyota Tacoma in order to thwart gas thieves . However , I found out that the cap will come loose and can be removed with just a little bit of jiggling , even after turning it clockwise several clicks to tighten and lock it . The loose-fitting cap caused my check engine light to come on . I had to reinstall the factory -LRB- non-locking -RRB- gas cap to get the light to go out . I am still unable to get the cap to stay on the fuel inlet pipe , and I have not tried driving with the Stant cap again . I wish I could get a refund , but I think I waited too long .
 I took it out of the package and tried the lock a couple time and then all of a sudden it would no longer spin when locked like it 's supposed to . Please avoid this item !
 Thought I would take a chance on this item because it had mixed reviews . I came to the conclusion that they send the gas caps out without testing them and let the customer do the testing . Some work and some dont . If you take a chance and it does work , then it may not work for long , because the gas cap is not good quality . Dont bother with this brand -- its not worth the time wasted .
 The Stant 10509 WILL NOT work on the 2005 + Toyota Tacoma . I 've ordered three of these locking gas caps , with the assurance from Stant that this part number would work . The first cap fell off while driving , the second would n't even go on -LRB- resulting in a call to Stant -RRB- , and the third can be taken off without the key - even though Stant said they were redesigned for better fit on this truck . Calling the Toyota parts dept. has multiple responses , depending on who your get - some saying `` yes '' and some saying `` no '' to fitment . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY -LRB- as I have -RRB- ... IT DOES N'T WORK !
 fit my 2008 tacoma.Dont work very often , its hard to lock.It does open with some wiggling.I bought it to keep out kids.Hopefully they will see the lock and stop without trying to open it up .
 Besides having the parts come in damaged twice when my mechanic installed the exhaust the hangers and supports had to be reworked witch cost another hour in labor.Also the tail pipes do not line up evenly because the pipes were not bent correctly.If i had to do it over again i would have just gone to a muffler shop and had a custom exhaust made.I will just have to live with this very expensive exhaust system because it is now installed in my truck.What a BUMMER !
 This did not fit the application . Got it for 2001 Subaru Impreza 4door sedan . Mounting brackets did n't line up . Got a Borla instead .
 While the material and molding seems to be top quality , the design makes it utterly impractical for holding a cell phone in a moving vehicle .2 of the 3 compartments are large enough to hold most any cell phone in a vertical position , but the phone will not fit if you try to lay it on its side . This turns out to be a major problem , as the depth of each compartment is only 1.5 inches . Do a sudden stop or evasive maneuver and your phone will go toppling over the edge and end up who knows where.Given that the typical smartphone is around 4.5 inches tall , this product is useless !!
 I bought these a few years ago after finding them online at Icon 's website . When I first pulled them out of the box , I was highly impressed . They look well made , sturdy , and had a pretty kick @ss look to them . You could tell by looking at them that they 'd hold together well in the event of a crash.The first problem came when I put them on . The boots themselves are so stiff there 's almost no flex what-so-ever to them . If you have to walk , it 's even worse than trying to walk around in ski boots . At first , I thought to myself , `` Hey , these are ` riding ' boots anyway ... It 's not like I plan to do all that much walking in them . `` Then , the second and third and probably most concerning problems were discovered after I took them out for a test ride . Upon mounting the bike , I immediately noticed that from the bottom of the sole to the top of the toe was ENTIRELY too thick and I could n't even get my toe under the shift lever . Okay , no problem ! Five minutes with some tools , I adjusted my rearsets and could get my toe under the shift lever . Sort of ... -LRB- Note
 I am torn because I really like the way these boots look . However , my foot could not fit under the shifter . These may be true to their name , Field Armor , not sport bike racing ... . I wear a size 9 and took a chance on a 9.5 . That was a mistake , I should have gotten a 10 because they apparently run small . Wasted my money on these , but they sure look impressive .
 Purchased a pair size 11 of Icon Field Armor boots 2 years ago.Pros
 I bought these a few years ago after finding them online at Icon 's website . When I first pulled them out of the box , I was highly impressed . They look well made , sturdy , and had a pretty kick @ss look to them . You could tell by looking at them that they 'd hold together well in the event of a crash.The first problem came when I put them on . The boots themselves are so stiff there 's almost no flex what-so-ever to them . If you have to walk , it 's even worse than trying to walk around in ski boots . At first , I thought to myself , `` Hey , these are ` riding ' boots anyway ... It 's not like I plan to do all that much walking in them . `` Then , the second and third and probably most concerning problems were discovered after I took them out for a test ride . Upon mounting the bike , I immediately noticed that from the bottom of the sole to the top of the toe was ENTIRELY too thick and I could n't even get my toe under the shift lever . Okay , no problem ! Five minutes with some tools , I adjusted my rearsets and could get my toe under the shift lever . Sort of ... -LRB- Note
 I am torn because I really like the way these boots look . However , my foot could not fit under the shifter . These may be true to their name , Field Armor , not sport bike racing ... . I wear a size 9 and took a chance on a 9.5 . That was a mistake , I should have gotten a 10 because they apparently run small . Wasted my money on these , but they sure look impressive .
 Purchased a pair size 11 of Icon Field Armor boots 2 years ago.Pros
 Unfortunately this product looks as cheap as it is when on your hands . It 's just pretty in the picture . I received the bumblebee with broken antennae , probably due to bad handling , but little ironic anyway , do n't you think ? There are details that do not appear in the reference image such as the elastic band on the back or the hole in the chest , not good looking at all I must say . I would recommend getting something more expensive , maybe disney stuff , or anything you have already seen for real . Beware for similar products
 I bought these a few years ago after finding them online at Icon 's website . When I first pulled them out of the box , I was highly impressed . They look well made , sturdy , and had a pretty kick @ss look to them . You could tell by looking at them that they 'd hold together well in the event of a crash.The first problem came when I put them on . The boots themselves are so stiff there 's almost no flex what-so-ever to them . If you have to walk , it 's even worse than trying to walk around in ski boots . At first , I thought to myself , `` Hey , these are ` riding ' boots anyway ... It 's not like I plan to do all that much walking in them . `` Then , the second and third and probably most concerning problems were discovered after I took them out for a test ride . Upon mounting the bike , I immediately noticed that from the bottom of the sole to the top of the toe was ENTIRELY too thick and I could n't even get my toe under the shift lever . Okay , no problem ! Five minutes with some tools , I adjusted my rearsets and could get my toe under the shift lever . Sort of ... -LRB- Note
 I am torn because I really like the way these boots look . However , my foot could not fit under the shifter . These may be true to their name , Field Armor , not sport bike racing ... . I wear a size 9 and took a chance on a 9.5 . That was a mistake , I should have gotten a 10 because they apparently run small . Wasted my money on these , but they sure look impressive .
 Purchased a pair size 11 of Icon Field Armor boots 2 years ago.Pros
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 Charger got very , very hot when charging but it did charge battery -LRB- deep cycle battery -RRB- . It actually heated up the room it was in . Went to fully charged condition at about 7 amps as opposed to 5 amps that the mfger said it would do . I previously had a Schumacher charger and it worked well for 20 yrs . . I returned charger .
 Ordered them based on they were rectangular and fit into the corner of my mirrors better than circular versions . However , ca n't peel the damn top piece off so I can actually put them on . Have even tried razor blades to cut into the foam sticky backing . No bueno . : / I 'm sure they 'd work well if I could use them .
 Put these on in the late afternoon after they received and found them on the floor in the driveway in the morning . Very Poor Tape is used and proper prep cleaning to the surface was done . DO NOT BUY unless you plan on buying at additional expense better tape before installing .
 I was using ovoid mirrors similar in size to the Hotspots mirror for years . When I could not locate a replacement of that style , I tried the Hotspots Convex Wedge mirror . For my purposes , it was a bad choice . It does not have the far angle viewing ability of competitive mirrors and it is extremely limited on the vertical field of view . Contrary to some beliefs , vertical view is important . For some people , it may be the right choice , for me , not so much . I give it a 2 rating because the glue has held to the mirror . I am now using the Camco Wedge , a considerably larger mirror for use on a pickup . The Hotspots mirror now has duty on the riding mower .
 This a product that should be that hard to get right.Nevertheless , this company got it WRONG.The mirror is a good size , and even has a good degree of convex ; however , the tape that is supposed to hold the blind spot mirror in place would not peal off , at all.I will keep the mirror because its not worth the hassle.Thanks for the hand mirror .
 I bought the 1.25 '' x 2.25 '' stick-on wedges . I placed them on the inside bottom edge of both driver and passenger side windows . No problems with installing and they seem to stick well . After trying them for a week , the bottom line is they are too small to be useful but just large enough to be distracting . They actually made it harder to drive safely .
 I ordered one for my new truck before a trip . To my surprise , it only came with one
 when i shop my local store , what i saw is all of those mirror come with pair , however , this one only come with one , i think they gon na track people.and shipping take too long .
 This mirror falls far short of expectations . I put one each on my Honda Accord rear view mirrors , and neither of them did the trick . On the other hand , they block off about 25 % of your car 's own mirror and replace it with a tiny reflection that is hard to see . It just makes visual noise and driving more dangerous . Do n't buy this . Just buy the wide angle mirror -LRB- see my other review -RRB- .
 This is a second review . It works but the round stick on mirrors provide a better view of thearea in question .
 The nerf bars do n't realy fit a 2500 hd unless you bend 1/8 inch steel ... . And is it realy a Bully Bar I think if I ordered a Westen they would have sent the same generic nerf bar ... . They show Bully Bars in their add but send something that does n't even state that it is a Bully bar or have Bully stamped on the foot pads like in their add . . I feel like I got the old Bait and Switch . Can I vote less than 1 star ?
 Im a Flex 3401 user.pro : Longer buffing time than M105Easily wipe offCon : It states no dusts but It actually DUSTs on me with 3 passes -LRB- primed pad with 3 more pea size product -RRB- Less cut than Meguiars m105 , D300 , Optimum hyper compoundThe bottle was defective as the Optimum hyper spray 's head that I bought before .
 I purchased what was said to be a new item but when it finally arrived it appeared to be opened and used . I was skeptical that it was maybe a used item and possibly removed from another vehicle . It did work when it was installed into my vehicle . After I posted my concerns about the part the Supplier sent me an email with a major attitude about his product . He did not mention why it took so long and the extreme cost for the part and cost for delivery . Part worked but I would never recommend the supplier .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 they fit good in some areas and fit bad in other areas it will not lay flat in areas and over priced will not buy again !!!
 Not all that well made - a better one is available at Bed Bath & Beyond for the same price .
 They arrived in a timely matter and were exactly what was ordered . However , they were not the proper part as it said it was .
 Received both mirrors broken ... which turned out to be a blessing because these are not for a 98 wrangler ... but they were returned for credit without objection ...
 very unsatisfied when i got it i was really excited that hey ill have a new radiator for my suzuki samurai . i opened it up and the reservoir is plastic . so i went to auto zone and bought one and it was the same damn thing . it just looks cheap ! cheap crap . the guys at auto zone even said that it was metal . wrong ! a better image for this one what looks exactly like the spectrum cu170 is the Proliance 431206 Radiator
 These vent shades do not fit a quad cab even though the Website claimed that they would fit a 2005 Dodge Ram quad cab . I had to return them .
 This is not an oem pump for the 20 gallon tank . The white plastic cylinder can be modified to lengthen the included pump . Also , the round gasket is wrong for the 20 gallon tank . You 'll need to find the proper rectangular gasket and also the &#34; in tank &#34; filter.Best of luck .
 These must have been sitting around for a very long time . The first box I received I opened on up and found a whitish/grey mush . I felt all of the other foil packs and they too had all turned to mush . I arranged a replacement order with the vendor and this second box had the same issue . Since then they were going to send me a RMA but I have yet to receive it or my refund . NOTE
 Even if you are some petite size 4 who weighs less than 100 lbs , your behind will be too big for this tiny cushion . It is even too small to be used in the car . The only possible use this tiny cushion might offer for an adult might be on a bicycle seat or as a bench cushion at some outdoor sports event.This pitiable cushion is just under the size of a sheet of paper . It might be best used for some tiny child under the age of 5 . But for an adult ... this cushion is too small to be used by any adult who is bigger than an emaciated 5 yr old child.If you are looking for a cushion for your child who fits the criteria I described ... then this cushion is perfect for that use only ... but it does have seams around the edge and that could be a problem if your child has sensitive skin or painful conditions like fibromyalgia , neuralgia , tendonitis , bursitis ... etc. . And the velvet material does not appear to be very washable.I 'm not sure what the person who designed this was thinking ... It needs to be at least twice the size to be of any use as a seat cushion . You also need to allow room on the cushion for the person to have some leeway for movement since the cushion wo n't be glued to the same spot on their rear.I think we would all be better off just to buy a sizeable piece of memory foam about 3 or 4 inches thick , cut it to fit our chairs and then cover it with pillow cases and a zippered protective cover underneath . Do n't use thin memory foam because it tends to pack down to a thin sliver if it is less than 2 inches thick and is used every day . Memory Foam is better than Tempur material because it bounces back better . -LRB- Even though they are both `` memory foam '' genuine Tempur tends to turn into a heavy dough and loses its elasticity . I know this because I have both kinds of cushions and all the tempurs are now smooshed flat while the memory foams are not . Be careful not to go too thick if you are using a cushion in a recliner or rocker . It tends to throw off your center of balance and you could cause the chair to fall over backward.For those of you with chronic pain problems ... this idea might also benefit you . I also have a 3 '' memory foam topper on top of a Select Comfort air bed . I mention this because most people who need extra cushions , need it because of chronic pain . So for sleeping , this is the best combination because you can adjust the mattress hardness and still have a floating cushion for body pain . The memory foam topper is about 500 dollars cheaper than the Tempur toppers an inch thinner.Just remember to buy a deep mattress pad cover to protect the pad so it will fit over both the mattress and foam topper ... and also remember to buy deep pocket sheets . Once you add the foam topper , normal sheets and mattress pads wo n't fit . I also recommend buying the next size larger blankets . You can also get a foam wedge if you need to elevate your upper torso . There are also knee pillows . Royal Velvet -LRB- a brand name -RRB- also has the softest and amazingly affordable `` Down pillows '' which are excellent for anyone who is sensitive . Amazon has all of these things .
 I did n't find this product helpful -- it 's too thin to provide the extracushioning I was hoping for while driving . I find a folded , plush towel much more helpful .
 Very uncomfortable , I found . However , the company gets a star for their helpful return policy .
 I bought this pump recently . Do n't waste your money . The valve fitting fits poorly around the valve . The pump leaks constantly when attached . It takes me 200 pumps to raise the air in our SUV by 4 psi . The rubber foot pedal cover slipped off the pedal within 30 seconds of use .
 I bought the pump in order to replace a `` BikeExtras '' foot pump that worked great for a few years -LRB- until it broke apart -RRB- . However , I had the same experience as the previous reviewer . It does n't attach securely to the valve , and it constantly leaks . The plastic cylinder that pushes in the valve is poorly made -LRB- jagged plastic -RRB- . It 's amazing that something that 's supposed to be a commodity does n't even work .
 They said it would fit my sons truck but it did not . So be careful to trust it when it says it is compatable with your vehicle .
 V.Holt was right the first time . I have a 1970 's dodge van . I thought it would fit because there server said that it would . Mr Gasket # 6923 is NOT 36inches long . The 6923 was made for sedans . Wrong part does n't fit waste of time .
 I purchased these for a 2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee . During installation I discovered they were n't the correct type for my car . I had to buy OEM pads from the installer at a premium price , which lost all my savings and resulted in an inferior product being installed . There are two types of pads used on 2002 Jeeps and in spite of confirming compatibility on the Amazon site , these did n't fit.Be certain to verify correct type by contacting Bendix . I lost about $ 75 by not doing so .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 These ventshades looked good when I put them on . They did the job they were suppoed to do , but within a couple years some of the tape came off the plastic and they began flopping -LRB- eventually flying off as I drove down the road -RRB- . After 3 & 1/2 years the plastic became brittle and is disintigrating on my car . The tape is still stuck where the shade was and looks like crap :-LRB- They work well for the short term , but if you are wanting them for a long term vehicle I would avoid these particular ones .
 This product came already opened with a sloppy re-taping job by someone prior to shipping . It came without mounting instructions so trying to figure out how to attach it to a metal from bumper has been difficult at best . It is useless to me at this point but since it was obviously used before being sent to me , returning it for a refund is not an option .
 Appears to be good quality fuel hose , but I should have trusted my instincts when I opened this package . The roll of hose was VERY loose on the spool , and it looked like it had been shop-handled quite a bit . I had to get my Liberty 's fuel line re-routed , so I started the job anyway . I ended up about a foot short of what I needed , but when I measured everything I had used , it only added up to 15 feet -LRB- I even added the cut ends , just to be fair -RRB- . Should have just gone to the auto parts store in the first place . Did n't save me any time and certainly did n't save me any money . My guess is they shipped a 15-foot roll with 25 foot markings - that , or someone used 10 feet and returned a roll for resale . Either way , cost me a couple extra hours looking for fuel hose locally .
 The first light broke at the juncture of the plastic sleeve and the metal base before the first 45 miles . The second one broke at the same juncture between 45 and 125 miles . They are not repairable . They were mounted on the back end on a small flat trailer , We wanted to see the end of the trailer to back up in the dark . Normal wind speed while driving the speed limit snapped them in two . When the first one broke , my husband thought it was a fluke . He taped a bolt splint with electrical tape around the break . When we stopped to look at the second one when it broke , the first one was leaning way over with the bolt stretching the tape . We should have spent the extra money to get the metal ones like you see on the corners of 18 wheeler tractors . I am angry that I spent extra money to get them shipped before we left one our trip . I value other reviews because then I know what to expect from a product .
 I purchased this for my car , and after 3 weeks , it went defective , dying on my wife while driving with my kids!What a pain , hassle , and headache . Took it to Firestone and though I ended up paying more its been several months and so far no issues . I know at least if something did go wrong they would just fix it . But this review is n't about firestone , but about this product . Bad product .
 SOLD AS A BCA BEARING BUT I GOT A DIFFERENT BRAND FROM CHINA SHOULD GET THE BRAND THAT WAS LISTEDhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000CF2218/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00
 I 've ordered this item two pieces with #PHB 5519 for my Acura MDX , but finally received two items #PHB 5667 , absolutely wrong size and useless , plus also white material no any carbon filler as on picture .
 I checked the -LRB- year , make , model -RRB- of my car on the description page and it said , `` This product fits your CAR '' . So I happily ordered it and waited for it to be shipped . Then I took it to my mechanic for installation and that was when we found it wo n't fit . In fact , he showed me another car in his shop that was compatible with the part and guess what ? when I checked the page , it said `` This product does not fit '' !! So , I would suggest unless you know for sure this part fits you car , DO N'T BUY IT !
 We were excited to find a custom fit seat cover set for the aging seats in our Passat.The advertisement goes on and on about the fit . CAD designed just for your application . `` designed to fit as well as original upholstery '' `` The Coverking fit rivals the seat 's original upholstery `` Well not quite!I have personally designed using CAD , and I believe I could have achieved a better fit using pattern paper.You know how these days there is
 It 's a decent box ; it performs as described . I do not like NOCO 's box because you simply can not remove their intrusive logo . I have doused it in acetone and tried everything possible to remove it ... it ca n't be done . If you buy this product -LRB- and I would n't do so again , -RRB- then get used to the huge sticker because you can not remove it . At least , I managed to make it unreadable with the acetone.Steven SmithCorpus Christi , TX
 This shower is pretty decent except for one thing that I really find totally unacceptable which makes me wish I had n't wasted my time and money on it . There are two large holes where the hose goes out of the box and then back into the box . I installed this in my camper that I use more like a cabin -LRB- it does n't move -RRB- , so I would like to leave the shower up -LRB- with the door open -RRB- when we are there . Unfortunately , this leaves two large holes that go right into the camper for bugs , spiders and mice . Also , the door does n't seal very well and I am certain that small spiders and bugs would easily get into the camper when the door is shut . I ended up trying to plug the holes with tin foil and then putting several layers of foil tape over this . This will hopefully seal it up for a while . Looking at the design I have to wonder what on earth they were thinking with this design . Seriously - they could n't come up with a connection that did n't require the hose going outside and then back inside the box?The button shutoff on the shower head stops about 95 % of the water , which means that a considerable amount of water still comes out of the head when the water is on and the button is off , which is very annoying.I do not recommend this shower and if I had n't brought it with me and cut a hole in the side of my camper , I would have returned it .
 I have found better items coming from Amazon . This item looked like it was on a shelf for a long time with all kinds of dust and not properly packaged . There was no directions with it to speak of . If I did not have some abilities of my own it would have not been installed . The item almost looked used but it could n't have been so I installed it and never looked back . There was no paper work or billing information with the package at all , if I was not the one who ordered it there was no way one could have known who ordered it and for what price . this company needs to be looked into closer by Amazon .
 Today I found my brake fluid on the garage floor and a crack in the side of the plastic reservoir . I installed this new MC 13 days ago.It worked great for the first 12 days . I ca n't wait to see how long it will take them to get a replacement to me . I 'm pretty sure I 'll be renting a car to go to work on Monday.I realize stuff happens , but these are Italian , not Chinese . I expected better . I guess this is what happens when I buy non-Honda parts for my Honda , but I 've had good luck with other Centric brake parts . I 'll review their customer service soon.BZOne week later : Amazon sent me a replacement . It lasted almost two days before the same thing happened . Apparently they 're making the brake fluid reservoirs out of plastic that is n't compatible with brake fluid . The reservoirs crack and fall apart soon after they 're filled with brake fluid . Besides being inconvenient and messy , it 's also potentially very dangerous.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!BZ
 this brand is no good i bought it and two weeks later the ballast went bad and i talked to the company and they sent a new one then 3 months later the new ballast is falty , do not buy waste of money
 XenTec Slim Ballast HID Kit H1 6000K -LRB- ultrawhite -RRB- The ballast only lasted about 2 months and the bulbs are showing signs of flickering . When switching on the lights and going onto high beam they cause the guages to dip down for a second before returning to normal -LRB- speedo and rev counter -RRB- . I am not happy with these kits . They do make a difference to the lighting while driving , I would reccomend Xenon HID conversions , but not Xentec .
 I bought this product in early 2009 . After 4 months of use one bulb failed , and now to this date -LRB- 07/27/2009 -RRB- a ballast failure . I do n't recommend this HID conversion kit
 Bought this kit for my truck . Ballast gave out after two months . They said they are not replacing it because its after 60 days . Whatever happened to 90 day warranty ? I suppose you cant afford a 90 day warranty when your JUNK fails long before that on a consistant basis .
 I bought this conversion kit almost a year ago and had one bulb fail only 1 month after I installed the kit then another 3 months later the ballast failed and cut in and out while I was driving and now it wo n't work at all .
 ok so i bought these and they are no were as bright as the regular ones that were in befor !!!!! I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMEND NOT GETTING THES AT ALLL !!!!!
 used this engine oil cooler on my newly rebuilt 84 Datsun 300zx Turbo Aniversary Ed . and it turned out to be a disaster . The extra oil return lines , hoses , tubing required caused air pockets to form and inadequate lubrication turnover . As a result bearings starved and ran dry , oil pressure dropped to almost zero , resulting in a whole lota money/time wasted . Needed a second rebuild $ $ $ $ $ $ . Bearings showed classic signs of oil issues -LRB- worn down to the brass -RRB- . Oil pump was checked and it was good . Save yourself a whole lotta headaches and forget this one .
 When recieved this unit would not rotate smoothly , it had an out of round bearing . Unit was returned for refund.I was actually surprised to see this poor level of quality control out of a good company --
 i bought this horn as an upgrade from some unnamed 3 flute horn , but it was a failure after only day 2 when it stopped working . i had my electrician repair it and it started working again , then now after 5 days it has started blowing fast in the morning or anytime i use it after the vehivle has been parked up for some time , then it went to playing intermittently and alot of compressor noise , and now it does not even work . All under 1 week . FAILURE !!!! WITH A PRICE .
 Bought these for my 1999 GMC Suburban and the rear pieces do not fit well or work without alterations to rubber seam on vehicle . Thus , I returned these and go the front inchannel ventvisors that do work well .
 I made the mistake of waiting 2 months before I got around to putting these on . When I got them I figured I would go right out and get them on ... . I read the instructions and said heck with that I 'll do this another day ... . well about 2 months later I tried putting them on and they wouldnt stay stuck . Only about 1mm of tape was touching the door and the clip the want you to use gouges your weather stripping and stops it from sealing . I actually paid more than the stick on ones for these and they are completely junk . I have the stick on ones on my wifes and thats what I will get . These things are terrible ...
 I know what I am talking about ! This is the second time I have mail ordered front brake pads for this car , at first I thought I was doing something wrong -LRB- I owned an auto repair shop for 20 years and have installed hundreds and hundreds of brake pads -RRB- The pads are 3mm too thick , period , I bought a pair at the corner auto parts shop and they fit they were the right thickness , perhaps these pads fit other cars but they do not fit on the X300 . The backing plate is correct but the pads are just too thick . Other brake pad companies use the Bendix specs but the specs are wrong . What to do , I ca n't find the shippiing box it got thrown away -LRB- not by me -RRB- I keep thinking I will send them back , but I am hoping that Valley Friction can mill down the pads so that they will fit on the car . I would like to take advantage of the ceramic construction and the quiet aspect of these pads . The pads that are on the car now make a groaning noise when the brakes are cold and I am sometimes too much of a perfectionist . So with limited time to do things I will continue to have dirty wheels . Hope that I can get back to this headache , as they will probably end up in the unused parts and stuff pile and I will be out fifty bucks , So much for Bendix being up to date on specs for a Jaguar .
 the carpet is nice and they really do n't fit correct.They came with out the holes to fit correct to the car.so will have to find some hole bracketts to fit correct.It took a while to get them and then wrong when we did.Should have just gone to volvo dealer to get them.Color is correct.I think someone just grabbed off shelf and mailed them .
 According to the description of the Ventshade , it mounts without drilling holes . This certainly is not true of the one sold for the Odyssey -- the deflector comes with a couple of screws and you have to drill holes in the hood to attach the deflector to the underside of the hood .
 I recently purchased a set of the Auto Ventshade # 94152 vent shades to put on a vehicle I just purchased . I have had these vent shades on all of my cars for many years . In my younger days I put the metal versions on my relative 's cars . They should come as a factory option.This recently purchased set was a total disaster . The packaging was not crushed , but the shades were distorted from the factory shrink wrap . The shades almost lay against the glass and they do not fit properly . The retaining clips were as hard as a rock and were a real bear to install . The glue strips will not stick after 24 hours of waiting for them to set . I am extremely disappointed . Perhaps they have been in storage too long.Charlie
 take care when buying handlebars , they should be stainless steel not regular plated steel , the Steel gets rust with in a month or 2 due to exposure to water and sun bu the stainless steel never rusts and will always look good , invest some more money and buy something reliable , enjoy
 Should of listen to the others before me . I ordered this hoping that I would have better luck . Looked up the seller online and they had good reviews , however one day after ordering it was canceled . No point in ordering a second time .
 Ordered handlebars , got an eMail confirmation , 2 days later order was no longer in system . Should have had the handlebars by now , but will have to order again -LRB- Not Here -RRB-
 If you ride a standard -LRB- I 'm on an SV650 -RRB- , and want that race bike feel , go for the drag bars , not these . They are the same price and offer a better riding position that is more like a race bike . If you insist on the clubmans , you 'll also need to get handlebar risers that give you a 1 '' -2 '' rise and a 1 '' -2 '' back-offset . Otherwise these bars place your weight way too far forward and you 're going to be off balance for high speed turns -LRB- you 'll end up putting all of your wight on the front tire , which only adds to its wear and makes the back end drift too much at high speed -RRB- . Also of note ... if you ride your bike more than 30 mins a day with these , you better be about 20 years old or they 'll tear up your back something fierce . Go for the drag bars or buy the superbike bars and install them upside down . I have tried most of the variants of bikemaster bars , and these -LRB- clubmans -RRB- are by far the worst for my application -LRB- `` spirited '' weekend rides and track days -RRB- .
 This was strictly my experience ... I started installing the AVS set and the very first piece was a mis-fit . I cleaned the area before installing . The drivers door window hung up on the vent shade and wouldnt roll up . I attempted to reinstall the drivers door and it was a no go . I returned it to amazon with no problems and ordered the Weather tech set ... Ill review that set after I install it.Update
 the carpet is nice and they really do n't fit correct.They came with out the holes to fit correct to the car.so will have to find some hole bracketts to fit correct.It took a while to get them and then wrong when we did.Should have just gone to volvo dealer to get them.Color is correct.I think someone just grabbed off shelf and mailed them .
 Very flimsy plastic . These used to be made out of thicker plastic , but these ones are very cheap , and the edges are not even smooth , looks like they were cut in someone 's garage . What happened , AVS ?
 I successfully used the Targus PAPWR005U power inverter on a 400 + mile trip to power my Mac PowerBook G4 -LRB- to watch DVDs -RRB- with the kids . Unfortunately it only made the one trip . The next week , on another 400 + mi car ride , the inverter started beeping constantly and then went into shutdown mode , I 'm assuming because it was drawing too much power and was overheating . At 90 Watts , the power output matched the power draw from the Mac PowerBook , but did n't have enough umph to spare . I 'd caution everyone to check the power rating on their laptop power bricks first before using it with a power inverter . Get an inverter that is at least 1.5-2x the power rating of the device you want to use .
 The first and only time I tried using this for a legitimate need was when I plugged in my laptop to it . It started a long , continuous , high-pitched signal and flashing a light . What does that mean ? I stopped using it immediately , since it probably could n't mean something good . Was it drawing too much from it ? There are no instructions to tell you what this means . I tried going to the web site for insight on this , but just got the same info as what was on the package . No help . Nice concept , now only if it worked . I 'm returning it .
 I am very disappointed with this product . It looks like it is solidly built and provides an expectation of long life , but internal components and circuit seem to be weak . I bought it many months ago , but only got the opportunity to use it recently on a road trip and it just died within a few hours of using it . We may have overloaded it , but I would expect such devices to trip or give a audible warning or some other means of warning instead of just dying . What a waste!I see that other people are having a good luck with this product -LRB- going by the review rating -RRB- , but I would n't recommend it to my friends/family .
 Borrowed my daughter 's to test it out before buying one for myself . Plugged my Compaq R4000 notebook in and got about 10 minutes worth of computing done before the inverter 's yellow light started blinking and the `` shut me down '' alarm started chirping . I removed the plug from the cigarette lighter and the metal was hot enough to burn me.Not recommended .
 Like half the reviews here , mine worked great a few times and then nothing . It 's now been over two years since it worked properly , I guess I 'll throw it out .
 I bought this so I could recharge the batteries for my digital cameras while I was driving on weekend trips , and it worked fine the first couple times I used it , and then suddenly started making a high-pitched whine and stopped charging anything at all . Now I ca n't use it at all , because every time I plug it in it starts whining and refuses to charge anything.Something this expensive should n't break so easily.I normally love Targus products , but I 'm very disappointed with this .
 This unit worked fine the first two times I used this -LRB- about and hour or so ea session -RRB- but when I tried to use it the 3rd time ... nothing ! This was a refurbished unit I bought so I guess I get what I pay for but this will be returned .
 i only get about 100 volts out of it at a full 12 volt charge . with engine running . not enough .
 Read quite a few reviews before purchasing this for my BMW which lost the use of its air horn setup . My wife makes more noise than this when she snores ! This is the wimpiest excuse for a horn I have ever heard . Very disappointed . Would have sent it back if it was n't so much of a hassle . Reaffirms the old adage - you get what you pay for . Do n't waste your money .
 Louder than OEM in our Sportage but sounds like a freight train with a head cold . More of a loud grunt than a beep . Also they do n't last very long . One of them just gave out after just a few months . Would NOT buy another of this brand/company .
 Yes you can return them but you lose the shipping got two both will not work not even across the battery . Stick with PIAA Looks like someone else tried before me .
 If you buy it for an F150 , do n't bother . It 's not polarized so it stays on all the time . Do n't buy this thinking it 'll be an easy fix .
 Buyer beware
 Compre este pito para reemplazar el de mi Vulcan VN900 Custom SE , esperaba supuestamente un cambio radical en la potencia del sonido con respecto al pito original , pero que decepcion los supuestos 135 Db son mentirosos totalmente.Con la primera lavada de la moto el pito dejo de funcionar , comenzo a sonar como un ganso y casi inaudible ... una verdadera porqueria de pito , que plata tan mal gastada.I bought this horn to replace the original Vulcan VN900 Custom SE horn , i was looking for a radical change and expected a real power horn !! but this one was a HUGE deception !! The suppossed 135db are totally fake . !!! I washed my bike a few days after install the horn , it turns like a goose and like 5 Db !!! , A ringer bell sounds more ... it 's a crap horn ... do not waste your money with this .
 Connected up to a 12v source and it sounded like a mosquito buzz . Called the company twice and left messages for them to call me . That was 6 weeks ago and no call back . The customer service email from the website is no longer valid . I wasted $ 15 for the product and shipping .
 I bought different horns , in fact the ones i am using are not this one . This horn is just as loud as the original horn . I boght air horns , low and high tone and WHAT A DIFFERENCE !!! Get air horns instead !
 Strike # 1
 Everything was great the horn worked fine until one day -LRB- 6 months after I installed it -RRB- the horn broke into two pieces . You get what you paid for .
 Replaced factory Suzuki horn with low-tone Freeway Blaster . Not much louder than OEM , but had more satisfying tone . Horn lasted about a month and then started sounding like it had strep throat and began croaking . It 's a nice , inexpensive initial purchase , but replacing it every month may reduce cost savings substantially . For that reason , I give it no more than a 2 . It gets a 2 because I 'm sure there are other Freeway Blasters out there that last much , much longer . I 'll try a different brand next season .
 I bought this horn to replace the stock horn on my 2004 Harley Davidson FLHTC . After reading the reviews here and on other websites I thought it was just what I wanted ... WRONG ! This horn is n't any louder than the stock horn .
 This horn blows , and not in the way it is supposed to . This is the `` LOW TONE '' version and it sounds really high toned to me . The packaging says this `` FREEWAY BLASTER '' is `` twice as loud as OEM horn '' and `` big rig sound '' , a description that made me literally laugh out loud after hearing it . I bought this because the horn on my truck sounded more like the road runner MEEP MEEP and sadly this is only slightly better , and definately no louder . The only reason it got two stars is because it was functional , albeit not as advertised . Pass on this one .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 This product is great while working.unfortunately , it has stopped functioning after few months of ownership.I would expect a longer lifespan from such a product . it is definitely disappointing.Guess i 'll be sampling the alternative products for comparison now .
 I installed this on my vehicle 4 months ago and it has already failed . It still make a buzzing noise but no horn . Another cheap China product . Advise you buy something else .
 I use this horn on several motorcycles . It is compact enough to fit well , and loud enough for its size.Those who want a louder or lower pitch horn will have to look at a larger , more expensive horn.However , since they have outsourced their production to China , the quality and reliability have gone down the toilet . The last one I bought was a terrible disappointment , both in quality of construction , sound and longevity.The chrome plated model is a joke , now . Mine turned green in a couple months in a damp environment . I ride to work , so it sits out in the weather in the parking lot.Too bad . I really like my earlier Italian ones .
 I ride a motorcycle as a main means of transportation and I do n't have loud pipes so I needed to increase my audible presence on the road to help avoid getting hit by cars that ca n't or do n't see me and the Wolo Bad Boy seemed like a perfect solution for the price . The wiring part of the installation is n't as easy as the packaging lets on but at least it comes with all the hardware you need -LRB- excluding the wires -RRB- . Once the horn is hooked up it works great and will definitely get the undivided attention of any soccer mom about to pull her 2 ton SUV right out in front of you . However it 's usefulness can be short lived due to it 's poorly engineered mounting system . It 's designed to mount the same place your OEM horn with a single screw . Indeed this makes it easy to attach and tighten and feels very secure once on but after a few miles of V-twin rumble , road vibration , and maybe even a pot hole or two the horn will eventually shimmy out of it 's mount and fall off the bike completely if the wires do not hold it 's added weight . This has happened to me 3 times now in the last week since I purchase it . I 've tried different ways of mounting it short of making some kind of a custom harness but the same result still occurs . At this point I fear the horn could eventually fall off of my bike completely and be a road hazard to me or any rider/riders behind me so it has become more of a safety liability then a asset and because of that I can not recommend this horn to any motorcyclist for fear it could cause an accident !
 Stock horn was much better ; would not waste my money if I had it to do again . Do not buy .
 Only one tone sounds now . You might want to spend a little more money on a better horn .
 Do n't get me wrong ... it 's loud alright . But the tone is just awful ! Got it to replace the wimpy horn on our 4Runner and it is no better . Be sure to listen to the audio sample ... I was researching multiple models when I bought this , so I must 've just forgotten to listen to it . I have no one to blame but myself for this but want to pass on to other prospective buyers . Install was pretty easy ; it took maybe 25 minutes and that was with a run to the hardware store -RRB- .
 The Bad Boy horn is for good girls . Hooked it up to my F-250 Diesel thinking it might sound appropriate however the first time I hit the `` bad boy '' I sank in my seat and hid . My dogs were embarrassed . It literally sounds like a european motorcycle horn , not kidding.Db is decent , not great . I 'd recommend a different product unless you are touring France . I do n't think I 'll get much respect with this in Philly traffic . -LRB- a miata gave me the finger -RRB- .
 High pitched noise , not like description . Very disappointed in product . Not too manly for an SUV horn , if you ask me
 I installed it 2 years ago and it did n't really fit perfectly in my 2002 Nissan Frontier so I may have installed it upside down -LRB- maybe that 's why it does n't work anymore -RRB- , but it worked for 2 years so not sure why it did n't fail sooner if that was the case . Nonetheless , it was loud at first but now it just sounds like a dying goose when I lay on the horn . Actually kind of funny sounding . I got ta get this fixed though !
 I would n't recommend this for a Harley unless you have a place to hide this contraption .
 Advertised as easy to install . Just hook up the existing horns wires and you have it ... WRONG . If your existing relay is not compatible with the horn you get to purchase a new relay and rewire a whole new horn button somewhere on the vehicle . They also do n't tell you it is NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MOTORCYCLE RELAYS . If you get past all of this it does have a great sound .
 It sounds gilry . Too high of a pitch . Wolo-402 is dual horn -LRB- 620Hz + 740Hz -RRB- . Blowing it sounds like I 'm saying `` excuse me , did you just cut in front of my pink prius '' when I really want to say `` you @ $ $ hole , do n't get so $ & * #n close to my monster truck '' . I should have gone with a much lower frequency horn .
 Easy to install . This is loud , does have a tone similar to a air horn but after tow of these lasted less than two years I gave up . I do n't know if its because I use my horn more than the average guy of its because its in my econoline grill and must get wet during a rain , but after a few years the horn sounds like a honda civic
 This was the biggest waste of money I 've spent in years . I bought it to ` upgrade ' the stock horn in my Mitsubishi Galant because it was so whimpy . I installed this Bad Boy and it sounds EXACTLY the same . Not even slightly louder than the old one . I suppose I 'll have to get an air horn to get what I 'm looking for . Seriously , do not buy this piece of junk .
 I got this horn to replace the mechanically damaged OEM horn in my F-150 . Install is easy for anyone with a little mechanical aptitude -- you can pretty much bolt it to anything . Given the item description and the first page of reviews , I expected this thing to sound awesome . I should have read the next few pages of reviews . This thing does not sound `` like a Mack truck '' . It does n't even sound like a Nissan pickup . I would definitely characterize it 's tone as `` weep weep '' . It 's almost more of a whistle than a horn . The worst thing about this horn is that it has about 1/2 second spool-up time . That means that when the horn chirps when you lock the doors and the like , this horn does n't actually sound and all you hear is the compressor start to spool up and then stop . You ca n't chirp the horn from inside either -- like to politely remind the car in front of you that the light is green . The only thing you can do is lay on the horn like a jerk . Even worse , if you actually need the horn , often you do n't have 1/2 second to wait for the compressor to do its thing . Long story short , I 'll leave this horn in the truck to pass state inspection next week , but after that , I 'll be replacing it with something more appropriate to the size of the vehicle and more importantly , something that makes a horn-like noise as soon as I hit the button .
 It 's not loud as a truck horn !!! This horn is not even louder , than a stock horn of my Celica !!!!
 Was really pleased with the easy install and LOUD sound of this horn . The price was sweet too . Yeah , yeah , I `` tooted '' it quite a bit when first installed , but maybe no more than a dozen times . Then genuinely needed to use it about a dozen more . This over more or less a year 's time . Then just the other day , as some idiot blabbing on their cellphone , not paying attention to the task at hand -LRB- driving -RRB- , begins to pull out in front of me from a side street , I go to lean on the horn to get their attention . Nothing ! A collision was narrowly avoided , but it could have been widely avoided if the horn had worked . No previous sign it was about to die on me , it just did , when I really needed it to function .
 Purchased a badboy horn for my motorcycle October 2009 . Horn only lasted till March 2010 when it would only click .
 I just got two of these for my avalanch . They are very load and easy to hook up and mount . I had to come back and edit my review because one has blown out and the other one sounds funny w/o both working . I just ordered new horns and try to mount in a different spot . I was unaware you can Not mount these in oem position , evedently they are not water proof , soo , i will be replacing with different horns .
 This horn is barely louder than stock and it sounds horrible . If you want a air horn that sounds like an air horn do n't by this one .
 I do n't think this is any louder than my stock horn . Its a higher pitch which may give an impression of being loud but its not and I installed correctly with 14ga wire and relay . It definitely does n't give the sound of an air trumpet horn .
 This thing is shrill and not near as loud as the GM factory horn . I 'd put the old one back in if the mechanic had not thrown it away . Worthless . Do not spend the money . I 'd return it had the packaging not been tossed too .
 I 'm hoping that my problem is rare and unusual . I had this horn professionally installed almost a year ago , and the horn worked great up until about 3 months ago where it sounds like it was gasping for air . When I was thinking about getting it looked at it started working again for another few months . The other night I hit the horn when a car shot out into my lane and I was traveling much faster than it , but the horn didnt go off at all . I hit the horn a few times to test it , then noticed my brake service light went off.The next day my car was incapacitated and I had it towed and looked at . They say that the horn caused some sort of short and took out my Brake lamp switch which prevented me from getting the car out of park . I had to spend quite a bit to get the horn installed in the first place , and again to have Wolo horn replaced with a stock horn to prevent more liability problems with Honda.I just emailed Wolo to see what their response is .
 This unit only lasted me 4 months . It sounds like a big hiss now . Does not last on a motorcycle . It was spitting out water . I will not buy another .
 Although it is surely louder than the OEM horn , I was kind of a dissapointed with its loudness . I guess it is good enough , but it does n't live to its advertizement , but since it is already install , I 'll keep it .
 There are three factory stereo configurations for first generation Tundras . There is the stock OEM system with two ten pin adapters . As far as I know this adapter will fit these . There is also a `` factory upgraded '' stereo with an amplifier in the dash -LRB- early Tundras -RRB- or under the right rear jump seat -LRB- 2005-06 Tundra -RRB- . These use two 20 pin adapters . This harness will NOT fit and even if you somehow made it fit , it would n't work because the amp will not turn on . The third option is the widely known JBL upgrade.So if you are considering replacing the factory stereo in your Tundra make sure what you have first . If you have tweeters in your front doors , but no `` JBL '' identification on the stereo , then you have the factory amplifier option and this will not fit.You can buy an adapter -LRB- Tato for the JBL system -RRB- that will work on the non-JBL amplified system . Just be sure to follow all of the instructions carefully .
 Buy a $ 5.00 Radio Shack rechargeable 6 volt light and take the battery -LRB- SLA -RRB- out . It 's the same battery .
 I installed this product in about 20-30 minutes , and had no problem aligning the lasers for both cars . All seemed well , but over the next few days the lasers got progressively dimmer . In 2 to 3 days , I could see a faint red light coming out of the laser , but I could n't see the dot from the beam on the cars , even in darkness . Before purchasing this product , I read a few other reviews on Amazon that described similar problems . I was about to return it to Amazon , when I realized that this behavior could be explained if the unit were continuously running on the backup batteries . So I took the power supply that came with the unit and measured its output with a Voltmeter . The text on the supply said it should provide 6V , but the meter reported about 1.5 V . So the power supply is clearly the problem . Thank you , China ! I also verified this by connecting the unit to a universal power supply set to deliver 6V DC . The lasers became bright again . So instead of returning the unit and taking my chances with a replacement or taking time to shop again for another model , I decided to order a replacement power supply from a different vendor . If anyone else needs to do this , you can order part number T1138-P5P-ND from Digikey for about $ 8 plus shipping.Bottom line
 The lasers on mine never turned off . I wanted to make sure I was n't triggering the sensor so I setup the product in a location where I could see the lasers but not activate the motion sensor . Luckily , when I did this I did not install the backup batteries . The product worked just fine . Then I put the backup batteries in and the lasers never shut off . So , the product does not work with the backup batteries installed , but works just fine without the backup batteries . And if power goes out my garage door wo n't open anyway !
 Works as advertised , but difficult to aim the lasers because the adjustment range is limited and the motion is so tight that it 's difficult to accurately aim them .
 I received this product in record time , but after installation I realized the unitwas not as good as the ball and string I had been using for years . For one thingyou ca n't see the beam of light to aim your auto from side to side , you can only use it to stop if you are lucky enough to see the beam sitting down in the seat.I would have given this a `` 0 '' but that was n't an option .
 I do n't know if the issue is my car or the product . But as soon as I am driving inside my parking the Laser does n't stay active at all , and go off and on all the time . I am going to look if there is a way I can modify it to disable the sensor and get it turning on when my garage light turn on .
 I hoped to wear these chaps for a Halloween costume and the sticking was falling apart from the start . I am going to have to buy a new set or do a lot of repair to make them last one night . I would NEVER wear these on a motorcycle . If the leather and stitching ca n't hold up to my living room they wont do anything in a crash .
 My wife ordered me these `` chaps '' so I could enjoy the last few days of riding for the year . When they got here , the `` fabric '' -LRB- NOT LEATHER -RRB- had color coming off of it . The seams were also coming apart when I opened the package . I know you get what you pay for , and ca n't expect great chaps for $ 30 , but the chaps should at least be leather if that is what the description said . If anyone is even thinking about ordering these , do n't waste your time , money , or effort . You will just be upset by the `` quality '' -LRB- HA HA HA -RRB- of this item . I hope I saved at least one person from making a very big mistake . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!!!!!!!!! ALWAYS READ THE REVIEWS !!!!!!!!!!
 I guess you get what you pay for . The buckle is as cheap as they come and the sizing is off.I measured my thighs with jeans on and they were 1/2 '' smaller than the high range of the size I ordered . The chaps came in and they stopped about 3/4 of the way up my thigh . The zipper starts at the bottom so there was no way to get any additional slack . I got the chaps a day before leaving on an extended vacation and did n't try them on until returning home . By that time , my window for returning them had elapsed . I now have chaps that I will only be able to wear if I loose some weight .
 this thing will NOT fit a new car gas pedal . It is for pre - 70 's cars . DO NOT buy !!!!!
 I ordered this for my boyfriends truck and it was huge , like 9 inches long ... what is that supposed to fit in ?? a semi ??
 Did n't fit the Mitsubishi Galant 2001 gas pedal . This gas pedal is not universal . Buy with caution and make sure you can return product .
 First of all , am I the only one who noticed the product description is for a brake pedal pad , not a gas pedal ... execlent quality control there ... now on to the pad ... When I recieved it , the packaging the proct is contained `` claims '' hassle free UNIVERSAL fit ... this is not the case . Here is my experience while trying to install on my 1971 Chevy C20 pickup truck : The pad is installed with 2 straps that attach to the back of the pad , and are ment to bracket your existing pedal ... well the straps are helt in place with 4 phillips screws ... Hello , how am I going to tighten these screws when my pedal is onlt an 1 1/2 inches from the floor ... so ... I removed my gas pedal and linkage from my truck and took them to my work bench for installation ... here is where the fun started ... The way the existing pedal is attached to the pedal linkage , there is a hump in the middle , the straps that are ment to secure the pad are directly over this hump ... took out the dremel too and went to work grinding down the hump . and got it to where I could actually attached teh securign straps . when I tried to reinstall the pad back on the linkage , the straps were now in the way of the linkage so I too the linkage to bench grinder and removed about 1/8 inch from the very end of the linkage rod , now I got it all to fit and reinstalled it on the truck ... here is where I got really upset . The extra length the pad added to the existing pad interfears with the full motion of travel of the linkage , the pedal not stops about 1/2 inch from bottoming out against the floor.So , now that I have wasted an hour and a half out of my day , I have just removed the pad all together and replaced my pedal with a stock one from autozone . Best of all , the finish on the pad was scuffed and scratched in several places during my installation nightmare , so returning it is not going to be an option fro me . Oh well you win some you loose some .
 Stitches fell out after 8-10 rides . Quality is very and very low ... Do n't get confused by its look , safety first !
 same as abve it cant fit on my car Audi 2003 tt even when I put it it drub and can do an accident .
 THIS WAS A VERY CHEAP UNSAFE PRODUCT . I CAN NOT BELIEVE ANYONE WOULD STOCK SUCH A PEDAL . THIS LOOKED LIKE SOMETHING YOU MIGHT BUY AT A FLEA MARKET OR GET AT A LAWNFATE . IF YOU WERE TO INSTALL THESE THEY WOULD COME OFF WHILE YOU WERE DRIVING AND CAUSE AN ACCIDENT .
 Ridiculously thin leather , weak stitching . If you 're going to shell out $ 50 for a pair of leather armored riding gloves , it would be nice to get a pair that might have a reasonable chance of protecting your hands in an accident.These are not that pair of gloves .
 good material , but hands turn black after wearing gloves . you know how when u wear cheap gloves your whole hand is black afterwards ? well thats exactly the case with these .
 Chain was n't heavy enough , heavy duty does not mean heavy duty chain . If you are looking for heavy chains like used on duals on semi 's then look somewhere else .
 It seems to me that the specs . on the 01 tundra are wrong . The width of the chain is right but , I need to take a foot out of the chain to make it fit . This needs to be fixed . I would have preferred a choice on using vehicle information or tire size .
 This review is related to a set of Dually Tire Chins also.This is the first time I have had a problem with something ordered from Amazon , the Tire Chain sizing program on Amazon might not be correct , chains listed on Security Chain Companies sizing guide are incorrect also -LRB- at least for my F350 Dually -RRB- , maybe they were made wrong by the manufacture , or they just list too long of a chain assembly for smaller diameter tires , I do n't know . I just know I will have to lift the truck and re-size the -LRB- dually -RRB- chains by removing links from the assembly . Personally I will buy tire chains from a place that makes it easy to return if they are wrong in the future . I only bought them through the mail because I live in the desert and they do n't sell snow chains here . The chains for my front tires seem to fit better , but still a little too much slack . Over all price was good and quality seems OK , just have to re-size the chains , I have the tools so it will be no big deal , but if you do n't , then ... ? . Just glad I only need them a few days out of the year , when I go into the mountains .
 I ordered this chain set new . However , it seems to me that this was a used product and has been repackaged . I saw signs of rust on most of the links , but I ended up using it anyway just because of the major snow storm we had a week ago . Amazon should have checked their products before shipping it out .
 I purchased a pair of these `` perforated '' gloves because they look slick.Unfortunately , they ripped within two weeks of more than gentle use . The Velcro closure on my right hand has already begun to separate from its stitching , & no longer provides a snug fit around my hand . I emailed the Motorcycle Market on the 22nd regarding the poor quality of the gloves & still have not gotten a response.Essentially , I paid $ 60.80 for gloves that ripped in a week ! -_- I imagined that $ 60 would last me a lot longer than 2 weeks ; apparently I was wrong.I just want my MONEY BACK . - UPDATE
 These gloves fit very well and are comfortable . However , they look better and more durable in the pictures , which is kind of misleading . They are very thin and flimsy , and I do not trust that they 'd hold up in a crash . For shorty gloves they are n't bad though if you only do slow speed in town riding . It 's been 3 months and some of the stitching is sticking up , and I 'm really hoping that it does n't come apart . Honestly , I wish I had paid a bit more and gotten better full gauntlet gloves . If you just want some comfortable gloves , these are it . If you are looking for protection , then keep on looking.edit
 I purchased a pair of these `` perforated '' gloves because they look slick.Unfortunately , they ripped within two weeks of more than gentle use . The Velcro closure on my right hand has already begun to separate from its stitching , & no longer provides a snug fit around my hand . I emailed the Motorcycle Market on the 22nd regarding the poor quality of the gloves & still have not gotten a response.Essentially , I paid $ 60.80 for gloves that ripped in a week ! -_- I imagined that $ 60 would last me a lot longer than 2 weeks ; apparently I was wrong.I just want my MONEY BACK . - UPDATE
 These gloves fit very well and are comfortable . However , they look better and more durable in the pictures , which is kind of misleading . They are very thin and flimsy , and I do not trust that they 'd hold up in a crash . For shorty gloves they are n't bad though if you only do slow speed in town riding . It 's been 3 months and some of the stitching is sticking up , and I 'm really hoping that it does n't come apart . Honestly , I wish I had paid a bit more and gotten better full gauntlet gloves . If you just want some comfortable gloves , these are it . If you are looking for protection , then keep on looking.edit
 If you want to be charged big bucks for a cheap keychain ... this is the place to shop . You 'd do better to plunk down $ 7.00 at a county fair this summer and try to win something ... at least you 'll have more fun and you wo n't have this dealer tell you ... ' I have your money ... . so I wo n't lose sleep over the deal '' ...
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Item looks good but does not fit very well . In fact it is very lose . I had to use superglue to keep it in place .
 I actually bought two of these . One for my Dad 's '99 and one for my ' 05 . It fits the '99 perfectly , but the '05 fit leaves much to be desired . It 's way too loose on the '05 and will fall right out when you shut the tailgate . I 'd give this product 5 stars for a 1999 model , and 1 star for a 2005 . They really need to change the description since this simply is n't the correct part for those pickups .
 The cover broke as I was trying to put it on the truck . I was doing it correctly , but the little taps on the top that hold it in place snapped . Going to buy oem . Might be better .
 Item is smaller than original . Will not stay in place . Total waste of money and time .
 Breaks immediately . I put one on the tailgate of my dad 's '01 Silverado . It fit perfectly , snapped right into place , then we tried to open the tailgate . The product was in the way of the tailgate handle and broke the snap-hooks that held it on . The product fell right off .
 When I received it , one of the retaining tabs was broken off ! Tried to install it any way , and another tab broke off . The new one and the old one are now a perfect match , USELESS
 I purchased a pair of these `` perforated '' gloves because they look slick.Unfortunately , they ripped within two weeks of more than gentle use . The Velcro closure on my right hand has already begun to separate from its stitching , & no longer provides a snug fit around my hand . I emailed the Motorcycle Market on the 22nd regarding the poor quality of the gloves & still have not gotten a response.Essentially , I paid $ 60.80 for gloves that ripped in a week ! -_- I imagined that $ 60 would last me a lot longer than 2 weeks ; apparently I was wrong.I just want my MONEY BACK . - UPDATE
 These gloves fit very well and are comfortable . However , they look better and more durable in the pictures , which is kind of misleading . They are very thin and flimsy , and I do not trust that they 'd hold up in a crash . For shorty gloves they are n't bad though if you only do slow speed in town riding . It 's been 3 months and some of the stitching is sticking up , and I 'm really hoping that it does n't come apart . Honestly , I wish I had paid a bit more and gotten better full gauntlet gloves . If you just want some comfortable gloves , these are it . If you are looking for protection , then keep on looking.edit
 I bought these and at the same time bought some zwipes brand . While these are larger , they are the same cloth as the zwipes but are much more expensive . Not worth the cost compared to the zwipes .
 These are normal quality microfiber towels , nothing special , but not bad either . My complaint is that each one has a label attached to it that can scratch and it 's not at all easy to remove it . Very poor idea to include a label on each towel . I cut the labels off as close to the cloth as possible and am careful to fold that portion of the towel over when I 'm using it on my car , etc.But I 've found the exact same quality towels at my local auto supply store for about the same price and they had no label sewn on which is much better .
 PN # 901965 is for REAR Shock Mounting Kit . The photo is a FRONT Strut Mounting Kit.Order this PN # if you want a REAR mount kit.Order PN # 902905 if your want a FRONT mount kit
 I ask for a Jeep Compass 2007 Thermostate but it does not fit my Jeep Compass 2007 , and when I ask for sending Back this item , they offer me two optios an I Can not use neither of them , they must offer a better ways to return the items .
 The mirror was oversized - too oversized to work . If I took it to a glass company and paid extra to have it trimmed down it might fit , but that would negate the whole point of buying a `` perfect fit '' replacement to begin with . Was a waste of time and money . I can not recommend this product .
 well i got the product plugged it in and it did n't work . i sent an email to the company and they never responded , not only that but their return policy is so bad that you 'd spend almost as much as the refund you 'd get . just not worth getting in my opinion . it was a waste of money .
 Does n't charge my ipod touch . It also cuts out with my both my ipods . All in all its not very reliable .
 The trim piece was fine , it just did n't fit my application like it was supposed to . I had to do major trimming to make it fit . This was very disappointing . Problem is once you order it and get the car apart , you have to make it work . Good luck .
 seat cover fit was excellent . Only problem was that two of the loops that help hold the cover in place were torn .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 seat cover fit was excellent . Only problem was that two of the loops that help hold the cover in place were torn .
 This product leaves a film on your windshield that is only visible when it is raining and you are driving at night . Very diminished visibility . Each swipe of the wiper leaves a momentary haze or film , disappears for a milisecond , and then reappears with the next swipe . At first , I thought I needed new wiper blades and purchased them . However , I discovered it was not the blades but the Invisible Glass . I used this product last year and had the same problem . I will not use it again . I am extremely surprised at the praise for this product . Perhaps people are not using it on their windshields . It would be fine for house windows or side car windows . I highly recommend not applying this to your windshield . The film is not easily removed . The washer fluid in my car does not remove it . I am going to try Glass Plus .
 I am amazed at the number of good reviews Stoner 's Invisible Glass Cleaner gets . I bought an aerosol can of Stoner 's a couple of years ago because of the good reviews it received . For me it was terrible . It was anything but invisible ! It left a haze no matter how many times I applied it and tried to wipe it off . I tried using both lint free cloths and paper towels and it still left a very noticable haze . I stopped using the product and went back to good old Glass Plus . I recently bought a new car and wanting to detail it with the best products I could find , I decided to once again try Stoner 's Invisible Glass because of the reviews and perhaps I missed something the first go around or they improved it . This time I purchased the spray bottle and the results were the same ... a smudgy haze that could not be removed from the glass . In fact , because it 's a new car , the glass was almost perfect anyway and it actually made the glass worse . Again , I went back to Glass Plus with perfect results . I have thrown away a full container of unused Stoner 's Invisible Glass for the second time . As the saying goes , `` fool me once ... shame on you , fool me twice ... shame on me . '' If I could give this product zero stars , I would have . It 's that bad !!! Sometimes the simplest solutions are the best . Avoid this product or buy it once and try it for yourself . Just keep the good old bottle of Glass Plus on hand , cause you 'll be needing it .
 THIS IS NOT A CUSTOME FIT FLOORMAT . THE COLOR GRAY IS NOT THE SAME SADE OF GRAY AS VOLVO , THE HOLES THAT SNAP INTO THE FLOOR ARE NOT THERE LIKE PICTURED . THESE ARE THE SAME UNIVERSAL FLOORMATS YOU BUY AT WALMART FOR 25.99 . SINCE THEY DIDNT HAVE THE HOLES TO SNAP IN I JUST LAYED THEM DOWN BUT THEY SLIDE ON CARPET WHEN DRIVING SINCE THEY CANT BE SNAPPED IN LIKE THE CUSTOME ONES THAT COME WITH A CAR NEW . DONT BUY
 This store front does n't have this product , yet they continue to offer it in their store front . Do n't bother ordering this or anything else for that matter . You 'll simply wait 4 days and be told it was canceled - when YOU call to track the package !
 seat cover fit was excellent . Only problem was that two of the loops that help hold the cover in place were torn .
 Looks good went on kinda hard but ended up scratching my brand new mustang so I took it off complete waste .
 This miniature sticker was the biggest waste of money I have spent in a very long time . You almost had to get a magnifying glass to even read the print . When I saw it was a `` miniature '' , I was thinking about half the size of a bumper sticker . What a joke . This thing was sent in a small envelope , and I almost threw the envelope away coz ' I could n't find anything in it ! And the postage they charged extra for this ? It was a waste . I could have used my husband 's label maker , and it would have been larger than this stupid sticker.I will never again order anything from this company ... and if I could have given them a ZERO , for rating ... I sure would have . I hope this helps ... and you do n't waste your money like I did .
 I installed the cable chains -LRB- Security Chain Co. , SZ339 Shur Grip -RRB- on front drive wheels of my car . I tried to drive up a moderate slope asphalt paved drive with some snow and ice . The drive tires spun on the asphalt and never gained traction even after repeated slow controlled starts . I removed the chains and drove up the asphalt drive with no problem except for some minor slipping on the ice and snow . On reason for the failure could be the cable chain design . The cross cables have wire rings which just spin on the bare asphalt and never gained traction . Very disappointing ! On the positive side
 The gloves included with my set were not the ones shown in the demo video but rather cheap clear plastic ones . Tacky advertising to show something in the demo not included in the kit .
 I 've driven in the snowy mountains for many years and have used a lot of different traction devices . These were the second worse thing I 've ever tried -LRB- only the SCC basic cables without the Z pattern were worse -RRB- . I suppose they might be okay if you are driving on level ground , but if you need to climb up a hill , good luck . They were very easy to install and I was excited to try them out for the first time . I started driving and everything was fine until I started up the hills and they spun the entire time . At one point I had to stop on a hill to wait for another car . There was no snow on the road , only a little bit of slush amounting to wet pavement . When I tried to start going again I could n't . The cables are so slick on the pavement that I just spun , no matter what I tried . I tried starting as slow as possible only to spin and not move , so I gave it more gas and just spun for about thrity seconds and moved about 10 feet . After a lot of effort I was finally able to move again . When I finally got to some snow on the hill I just moved about 7 mph while my speedometer read between 20 and 30 mph - THE WHOLE TIME !! THESE THINGS ARE DANGEROUS ON MOUNTAN ROADS . If you can , get real chains or something other than SCC cables . Like I said , I 've tried a lot of products and never had this problem until I tried two SCC cable products on two different vehicels .
 I used my SZ331 chains for the first time during a recent weekend at a ski area . They were fairly easy to install and worked fine on the road up . -LRB- The road was plowed and sanded so it really was n't much of a test . -RRB- Upon leaving the area it was snowing heavily and there were a lot of unplowed areas of deep snow in the parking lots and roadways . I got stuck numerous times even with these chains on . More importantly , the passenger 's side chain came off twice in the deep snow and when I finally got going down the mountain it came off again . It now lies somewhere on that mountain road.I believe I installed the chain correctly and I confirmed that I bought the correct SCC chain for my tire size . I called the Security Chain Company -LRB- SCC -RRB- to see if I could get a single replacement chain . They said losing a chain was n't covered in the warranty and they do n't sell `` half '' sets . Asking why the one chain kept coming off in the deep snow , the rep said that the only way they come off is `` if you spin the tires . '' Really ? You 're kidding ? I 've driven with chains in the mountains for years and I 've spun tires with chains on -LRB- not excessively of course , I know not to do that -RRB- but some spinning of tires is bound happen in snow , duh !
 One of these chains popped off of my car in a massive snow storm , leaving me stranded.When I replaced this chain , I checked to see if the other was secure . It was . This chain also popped off.I was very VERY careful when putting the chain on my car . -LRB- I used a system of checks and balances with my significant other -RRB- There seemed to be no defect . Perhaps the actual sizing was wrong.I would NEVER recommend this to anyone , as I know it put me in a very dangerous situation.They are also VERY expensive , and the company I bought them from would not give me ANY refund .
 It was seriously the most low-quality piece of equiptment I have ever seen . Also , if you plan on using the customer support to help you install it ... FORGET IT &#62; _ &#60;
 bought this and have yet to install it because of poor instructions for my truck . IF YOU OWN A DODGE , DO NOT PURCHASE . they make you have to buy other parts and relays to make it work properly .
 This product did not work for me . I do n't know whether it was broken to begin with or if the shippers tossed it around too hard , but I could not get this to work . Pulled apart the door , used a test light to find conductivity , connected power and could trigger the lock and unlock manually , when all put together though neither FOB could trigger the brain . Batteries were n't dead , light up when buttons pushed , even tried the programming for a possible double pulse lock , still to no avail . I 'm sure the product works easily if it does n't arrive broken .
 This company sucks , there is no one to answer the phones anymore . I have a unit I installed 4 years ago and now I am having issues with the unit and can not reach a real person for warrenty . The phone goes on for about 30 min then tells you the mailbox is full and to try your call again . Just another company that outsourced and ruined their customer service . Do n't waste your time , pay a little more and buy an real unit from a real company and save the heartache .
 I bought this system and paid to have it installed . It sometimes opens the door and sometimes not on my brand new Kia Soul 2012 . I tried replacing the batteries at a tune of $ 7.00 -LRB- cause it takes special batteries you can only buy from places like radio shack , of course -RRB- So then I called the customer sevice and finally got someone in tech support who told me I needed to look for some special wire and possibly needed a diode and etc. . . What the hell people !!! When I buy something I just expect it to work.The man at the place I took it too said they no longer carry Bulldog cause of all the problems they were having with them . He said that they were good until some other company bought them out and it has been down hill from there . I wish I knew ahead of time !!! Best of luck if you are aiming to buy American .
 Very disappointing . I had to pay my mechanic twice to have him figure out that the first system I received was faulty from the factory . I did receive a replacement which works fine . I do not feel I should have to pay my mechanic to find out the quality of the system . Someone should have picked up the tab for the first visit to the mechanic .
 Bought in March and just got around to installing and it seems to be defective . Is this company still in business ? Have emailed them 2 times , called 800 and long distance number . LD number rings busy and 800 say that they are closed and it 's after hours . All mailboxes are full and no messages can be left . It 's been like this for over a week now .
 Installing the unit is pretty straightforward . However , the parking light confirmation of the lock/unlock function does not work . It is supposed to provide -12 VDC current to a relay you have to use with a vehicle that has a +12 VDC parking light circuit . The main module is not functioning properly in that it does not provide the -12 VDC cycle to trip the relay . I believe I have a defective unit . The frustrating this is that I have left 3 e-mails to Bulldog Security and they have never responded . When I tried calling tech support I got a message saying that they were closed for the day -LRB- it was early afternoon on a weekday -RRB- . I am unimpressed with their lack of response .
 On the up-side , the installation instructions were excellent . Their website includes wiring diagrams for many vehicles , including my 2003 Ford F-250 . Before purchasing the product , I downloaded the . pdfs and determined that the KE-1702 should be compatible with my truck . The `` testing your door locks '' procedure worked well , and I determined my truck has type C locks . The most difficult part of the install was snaking the four wires from inside the truck out through the heavy-duty rubber grommet to the driver 's side door . After connecting the four wires to the appropriate wires inside the door , I finished the install by connecting the hot wires and ground wires . When I plugged in the control module to the wiring harness and pressed the LOCK button on one of the remotes , nothing happened -LRB- other than the red light on the remote coming on while the LOCK button was depressed -RRB- . I verified continuity by actuating the door locks with the installed LOCK/UNLOCK buttons on the driver 's side door , and also on the passenger side door . Then I unplugged the module and tested to ensure +12 VDC available to the plug on the end of the wiring harness -- no problem there . Finally , I checked the remote batteries to ensure proper terminal voltage -LRB- 12.4 VDC -- no problem there -RRB- . Here 's where the fun started . I called Technical Support -- no answer . I left a message on their voice mail . I also e-mailed Technical Support with a detailed description of my problem . After a full business day , I received no reply , so I called/e-mailed again . Finally , several hours later I received a response , which directed me to remove the control module and send it to them along with both remotes . Now I 'm left with a wiring harness , no power door locks , and wondering if I will have the same experience as another gentleman who has been through five modules with no success.Oh , by the way
 A comedy of errors ... left hand does n't know what the right hand is doing . I bought this as a gift including installation but with gifts like this , I am sure in the future he will say let 's skip xmas !
 Purchased and gifted for Christmas , very upset to find that the item is listed as `` Keyless Entry System '' with packaging photos showing trunk release and light relay . Product opened just to learn we now need to order additional parts to use the trunk release and light relays . Very unhappy with the false advertising .
 Caution - the instructions and the web site offer technical support - NONE EXISTS ! The phone number listed does not return multiple messages -LRB- although it says you will be called back in 15 minutes -RRB- and emails to the tech support web site are returned as undeliveable.You can probably install it in a `` normal '' US made car but if you have a BMW you may be out of luck .
 This item is porrly produced , comes with awful installation intructions and support . It also appeared that item was already opened when received .
 No where in the description does it say that these are `` CERAMIC '' pads . It says `` Wagner PD865 ThermoQuiet Non-Asbestos Organic Rear Disc Brake Pad Set '' . Well these are ceramic pads . I did n't want this type of pad because they chew up the rotors .
 I thought I could use this product until I had enough money to put a real alarm in my new van . This product does not work like the instructions says it will . Do not buy this item .
 I could not get this product to work on my '99 Ford Explorer.I may have just bought a bad one.I did n't bother sending it back . I ended up buying one that you insert a key into the electronic circuit , and it works great .
 The advert says the product is compatible with 1-1/4 '' and 2 '' receivers . That is not true . It works only with a 2 '' receiver . Unfortunately I do not have that . In addition the box itself has several chips in the coating . All in all a very disappointing experience . Not recommended .
 Product seems to be fine and of good quality , naturally -LRB- thule -RRB- . However , it took Amazon and their carrier 2 seperate shipments to get the order here and month worth of waiting . Once it got here for the 2nd time - it was still missing a part . I have yet to receive that other part . think twice and spend the few extra $ and buy locally , perhaps .
 I chose this luggage box because it swings out of the way , but I could n't order it locally and receive it in time for our upcoming vacation . Amazon said they could get it to me in just a few days . Perfect , I thought ! It actually arrived a day earlier than expected - better yet , I thought ! NOT SO FAST - I only received box 2 of 2 ! Called Amazon - after hours -LRB- really ! -RRB- on the phone they said they 'd get a replacement order out to me , hoping it would make it in time . The day before we 're to leave , the 2nd order arrives - AGAIN BOX 2 of 2 ! I was furious ! Now I have 2 charges on my CC , nothing to put my luggage in , and am waiting for my refund . Amazon has lost me as a customer . Save time - buy or order it locally , even if you have to spend more , it 'll be worth it in the long run .
 I purchased this Torin creeper because of the low price , and I liked the adjustable backrest feature . Please save yourself the headache and pass on this crappy creeper.The FIRST time I used it , the handle to adjust the backrest snapped like a twig , making it completely unusable.I do n't think I will ever buy a Torin product again after this incident.I also noticed a lot of the supporting structure was poorly made and loose fitting . There is no way this creeper could stand up to any real use.I would recommend either making due with a conventional creeper , or pony up and buy an expensive one with this adjustable backrest feature .
 I am not really sure about the effectiveness of the product as this was only one component of the thing that I was trying to hook up which did not work overall , however , I did want to comment that there are no installation instructions included so you had better know how to install it if you are going to buy it !!
 I put these pads on my grand am and they have work hardened two sets of rotors ??? I bought rotors at the same time as the pads they stop the car insanely quick and I have not one complaint there , my complaint is with the loud rubbing noise that has come from the weird like rubbing marks that rust and pit instantly using these pads . I will not buy these again unless someone can tell me why they are not leaving my rotors clean and smooth .
 there were some o-ring seals , which I have no clue why they are there . They do n't belong in my engine . If there is a update , would be helpful if Felpro would 've included a note . There was the rear intake water outlet gasket missing . I made one from gasket material . There is two square gaskets in picture that do n't belong with this engine . They look like two , 2 barrel carburetor gaskets . Am I suppose to use them for my 4 barrel . Stuff like this makes me think that some big wig at Fel-Pro is making some good decisions.The head gaskets , and valve cover gaskets are excellent.The pan gasket is cork , which is out dated design.I bought this kit on a bargain deal .
 I 'm on my second one and they both are defective . Pump constantly leaks where it screws into the gauge end , and the parts are mis-sized so it does n't tighten . Instructions are poorly written . If you can get the pump to seal it works good .
 I bought this pressure tester having been convinced it would work on my saturn , I mean after all , it would work on Saab , mercedes , subaru , volvo , so why not a saturn?Well it didnt work on the saturn , no matter what provided attachments i tried . The saving grace of the story is that amazon took it back , paid for shipping and credited my account immediately . The amazon part was a great experience for sure . As for the pressure tester , im still looking .
 This is the first pressure tester I have purchased and used . My last car did not see to its useful lifespan due to corrosion within cooling system . Learned my lesson , and thus my purchase . To lock the pressure , this tester uses an internally inflatable rubber bladder . This allows the coolant to drain back into your fill reservoir when the pressure is released -LRB- after you are done with your test -RRB- . Unlike the tester which I have now -LRB- which works great but messy ! -RRB- , when you release the pressure , the coolant back flows out of the radiator spout into an escape conduit back into your fill reservoir without spilling any coolant . At least , this was what the design was intended to do . I did not figure this out , until I had a mechanic to look why this tool kept failing when I just got it new out of the box . The bladder inflates , however , the design is unreliable . The seal fitting of the bladder onto the pump/escape flow shaft is leaky . Rubber , when stretched , will lose elasticity , and the fitting of the bladder plug could not hold the compressed air . Thus the inflatable bladder plug can not seal the system and retain the pressure == LEAKS ! The manual/instruction sheets have pictures , but it is a puzzle ! The day I received the product , I spent almost 2 hours staring at the instructions , just trying to pump up to 5 psi . Nowhere in the instructions -LRB- aside from the picture hints , which did n't quite convey the mechanism -RRB- said in words that you have to first inflate the bladder , switch the valve , then pressurize the system . I finally gave up and asked a pro to check the tool . Now I am very happy with my reliable Stant , no matter how messy it is !
 I ordered an 18 '' and 19 '' blade for my 2006 MINI Cooper S , because I live in an area with harsh winter weather , and I wanted to try a winter blade . Unfortunately , these wiper blades are useless . They do not conform to the curvature of the windshield . Only the central 2/3 or so of the blade makes contact with the windshield . The outside edge of the passenger blade probably sits half an inch or more off the glass.I switched back to myPIAA 95045 Super Silicone Black Wiper Blade - 18 `` blade , which works well despite not being designed specifically for winter use .
 Do n't buy these . I bought a pair for my car in the 20 and 24 inch size and for my wife 's car in the 18 and 19 inch size . I am sure these were the correct sizes but the blades did not fit either my window or my wifes window correctly . Only the middle 1/3rd or so of the wiper contacted the window and they did not work . I returned them and bought simple , cheaper , non teflon blades at a local auto store and they work great.Save your money
 I was not impressed with these wipers at all !!! They are to stiff so they do n't contour to the windshield , resulting in alot of skipped area on the windshield !!
 The amazon auto part finder feature said that this wiper blade would fit my 2002 PT Cruiser . Although it did attach to the wiper arm , only about five inches of the central part of the blade touched the windshield ! The blade is extremely stiff and will only work on flat windshields . Do not purchase this product if you have a curved windshield .
 My rating is based on the design of the `` Super High '' 953 foot only , I imagine the `` low '' and perhaps even the `` high '' would be just fine . The build quality was absolutely top notch , and assembly/installation was very easy.What is a problem is putting this long of a `` lever '' on to something so fragile as a rain gutter -LRB- and I have very strong rain gutters -RRB- . There is simply no way to do this safely and effectively . After doing a little searching it seems most folks who buy these go an average of 6-12 months before damage to their vehicle occurs from the forces applied by such a high foot design with such a narrow base . I would not trust it to carry a package of toilet paper . Thule should have known better , they should NEVER have made the `` Super High '' version of these feet .
 Spark plug wires were identified to fit my 1993 Chevy 5.7 L Silverado . This was more of a universal set . Good quality wires , but one wire was missing the boot on one end and the coil wire had a connector on one end that did not fit the coil . Had to modify to make it work .
 It 's not universal ... This so called pin lock only fits the small half inch hole on the receiver and is lightweight and cheap . The locking mech sticks out only a quarter inch or less and can be broken off in a second with any screw driver.If not for the hassle and shipping charges , I 'd send it back .
 The item that I brought in the page said that is the correct for my car , I order and when I received the Item do n't FIT to my car , the cables was very short to put in the correct side . I return the item and to today 's date I do n't received the refund .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 Bought it . Installed it . Leaked for multiple reasons1 . The swivel fittings on the hose did n't seal . Spewed oil . Cut those off and put on fixed barbs . OK . Another trip to the HW store and $ 10 more2 . The spin on filter adapter cracked . Brass 1/2 '' fittings into thinwall cast aluminum is not a good idea3 . Spent $ 15 on another spin on adapter -LRB- thinking I just went crazy with the tightening -RRB- . I barely got the thing tightened -LRB- maybe 3-4 turns in -RRB- and pop ... cracked4 . Finally gave up and used the firewall mounted oil filter mount for my turbo . That has 1/2 '' fittings and did not crack or leak or nothing ... of course the wall on the thread is thicker ... duhCrap . Buy a kit with AN fittings . Not worth saving $ 50 for the hassle then end up spending it anyway on fixing the crap .
 This system finally worked after I took the casting to a machine shop to re tap the threads for the cooler lines . $ 40 later it worked as it should have from the factory . Other than the screw up on their part the unit works great .
 cheapest adapter on the net right here but will not work for a bypass filter without modification . Simply for a cooler .
 I thought this allowed you to attach an R12 hose to an R134 , nope . I guess I misunderstood the description .
 This timing light works for the most part . The cords are too short and the sensor for the plug wire does not pick up each ignition pulse , so you end up with intermittant pulses to check your timing . A bit dissapointing for the price , but it will do for now . Ca n't reccomend it unless your on a budget and can not afford a better light .
 It is a linear actuator , and provides plenty of force at a very low price . Unfortunately for may application , it had some issues which made it unusable :1 Incredibely noisy and the noise has an extremely poor quality , like a cheap electric drill .2 Does not include a pot for positional feedback .3 Has a lot of hysteresis which means you can not get precise , low speed movement and require a high threshold current to get the actuation started.In general , I just need a higher quality actuator and should n't have bought this one . Looking back , what did I expect for $ 120 . Take this into consideration before buying .
 This light was DOA , or so I thought . The spotlight would not work after the intitial charge , but I found that the area light worked well . Then the spotlight worked only intermittently . When it was working , I was very pleased with the brightness and carrying distance of the beam , and the duration of a battery charge . I would have returned it for warranty service , but I had inadvertantly discarded my sales slip.After some testing of the switch and bulb , I came to believe that the spotlight bulb assembly was defective , so I decided to just try to replace it by ordering one . The company website did not list a replacement bulb as it does for its other lights.After searching the website , I finally found an email address for technical support to ask which replacement bulb would be available . I emailed my inquiry from two different email accounts and received an automated reply to one . However after well over a week , I have not received any information about which bulb to order.I believe that the company 's customer support is nonexistent . In looking over the website , I also noted that every product listed has a `` Reviews '' button , but every one , when clicked , states `` No reviews available '' . I finally gave up and purchased another rechargeable spotlight elsewhere .
 Mats sent was different from picture not worth the money , will not place a order with Coverking.Slow about returns , be careful you may not get what you pay for .
 I am not a mechanic but can change my own oil and plugs etc.Ask for a rebuild kit from dealer for about 50 $
 This belt will not fit your 1.9 L TDI engine . You need the xx242 belt.I have no other comments on the belt or its quality ; simply that it is miscategorized .
 This item is nothing like the picture shown . Looks more like the $ 10.00 one . Also thought it came with two , as my car has two doors . It 's like ordering floor mats and getting one mat for one side ; makes no sense to me . I ca n't believe I paid $ 29.50 for one handle and some useless garment strap for the back .
 Received the package to find only half of what i was expecting to get . Nothing tells you theres only one handle in the supposed kit . Bunk !!! After market is a better value .
 My first unit seemed to arbitrary switch on regardless of the remote being on or off . I called Pilot and they called it a warranty issue and took care of it . My second unit also switches on at random . So much of I have to uninstall it . I really wish it did n't . It seems to switch on at night -LRB- and drain the battery or scare the neighbors -RRB- It 's not the buttons being hit by accident , as the switch is put away and and toggled off .
 I ordered this product to use on my emergency response vehicle to control my lights . I installed the product the right way by soldering and heat shrinking every connection . Well the night after I installed it , the unit turned my lights on at 1:30 am all by itself . A state trooper drove by and saw them on and that started a whole night of police and fire officials in my driveway trying to figure out what was going on . I called the company , pilot automotive and explained the random relay activations . He recomended I hook it up a different way . After another 2 hours of solder and heat shrink ... same problem . -LRB- now have 4 hours of work into this -RRB- Charles Jones -LRB- customer service manager -RRB- at pilot said that he would replace it if i mail the old one back . This would leave me without lights for the next two weeks on an emergency vehicle so i asked that they send out the new one and i will send the old back . He told me that he could not trust me to send it back and told me that I just want it all my way!You would think after all this mess they could bend the rules a little to help a customer that has been put through all this time and trouble!Sooo being that I am not going to be without the lights for the next two weeks and this company ca n't trust me over a $ 20 dollar item that they manufactured wrong ... and took up 4 hours of my life ... . not to mention the cops in the driveway at 1:30 am . . i guess i 'll just have to eat cost and buy a new one from another manufacturer . I SUGGEST YOU DO THE SAME !!!
 Not what I was looking for or expected . Very generic information with very little if any technical information or instructions . Mostly pictures . You 'd be better off using Google . You 'd come up with a lot more useful info and technical data . Total waste of money .
 I received my MW a few months back ... today I got to use it for the first time . It is super on the roof of my van - in the unlocked position as they say in the directions . This allows the head to move freely ... for awhile !!!! About 20 minutes in , it locked up as though it were in position A or B and will not come out . I really like the brush operation portion ... but the lock up - another story . The price shown is good ... I paid more - and now it shows `` discontinued . '' Recommend getting the bigger model - but then the head looks the same . Back to the old fashioned way .
 Battery dead and charger does not work at all . Still trying to figure out how to return the darn thing or get a new charger shipped to me without wasting more expense .
 I ordered this for my 2006 Jeep Commander and it does not fit . It is actually for a Ford Excersion .
 This MAP sensor did not bring any improvement to my idling but was a little worst , and it did not come with an o-ring of which I had to buy separately . I ended up using my old MAP sensor instead . It turned out that my old MAP was and still works fine . Do n't buy it unless you are absolute that the MAP sensor was the problem .
 Bought this shift knob from Pep Boys , many months ago , and installed . Within one month the black fabric was flaking off the plastic .
 i thought i was ordering a 12 pack of this item since that is how it was posted . I received only 1 bottle.i - emailed the seller 3 weeks ago and no response at all !!!!! none whatsoever , I would never have ordered 1 bottle for the price and shipping charge . I requested a refund and return shipping or the remainding 11 bottles and again no response at all !!! Boo to the seller you are misrepresenting the product purchase and you dont even care enough to reply back ... . The product itself looks like any other fuel stabilizer so i guess the product is fine . Seller is not good at allAmazon you shoul look into this seller and the posting they have up , makes you look bad . this is the only time i have ever had a complaint about using Amazon over the last 5 years . Buyer beware !!!!
 overall the shipping speed and package was excellent . product was of A1 quality but unfortunately it did not fit my infiniti G35 sedan 2007 as promised by Amazon . The stock spark plugs are 14mm and the ones I ordered assuming that amazon would know the specs , was 16mm . Unfortunately I can not use this product and will have to keep it as a back up for another vehicle or sell it if possible . Word of advise more product specs should be avaiable when purchasing .
 They arrived all floating around in an open package new way to tell if they are cracked . I 'll have to see if they work
 I was not happy with this product . Very cheaply made it will fall into pieces while it continues to be a constant eye sore .
 This product looks good , looks like it is quality but I wanted to get rid of it the day I installed it . The rubber insert that allows it to be `` universal '' is not durable and wore out as I was twisting it onto the shifter , so now the shifter wobbles around and is borderline unsafe because of how loose it is . I am searching for a higher quality replacement . This was soooo disappointing . My original shifter and boot were seperate and independant of eachother , this one is not . The knob screws onto the boot so you have to manipulate it so they will line up properly , pain to install . I would not buy it again or advise anyone else to .
 Where should I begin ? Hmm ... how about ... do n't buy this item . I got this item because when I got my car -LRB- a '97 Acura Integra GS-R -RRB- there was no shift knob and I did n't really know much about them so I browsed around and decided to get this one since it had a good price . What a waste of money.First , this is a universal-fit shift knob , which means there is no thread to put onto your shifter . It came with a few plastic covers that go on top of the shifter and fit the hole under the knob . none of the covers was an exact fit to width of the shifter so I had to use duct tape to get a tight grip . The knob then has 3 hex screws that are supposed to keep it in place . This would probably work out if I did n't actually use my car and had it for presentation . After driving around for a few weeks the knob started to get loose . As I would shift , the knob itself would turn . Eventually , the hex screws would wear down the plastic cover and there was no more grip . C H E A PSecond , the handle itself is n't very sturdy . I do n't drive crazy but from time to time I like to drive my GS-R how it was meant to . One day I was shifting from first to second and as I pulled toward me the black part on the knob separated from the silver part . It did n't completely come off but it stayed loose ever since . I put super glue but even that ca n't hold it very well.Overall , 1 star rating for such cheap quality . If you want a new shift knob for your hooptie , make sure to get a threaded one that fits your car . I had this same problem with another universal knob I bought after .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered four of the 6.5 '' wheel chocks . The photo image depicts a mounting plate , whereas the item that is being shipped does not have the mounting plate , but two small mounting disks . Ended up cancelling the order .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 i was hoping that it can reduce dust in the car . . but it is making more ... and it does not fit well .
 They accept the payment , but never sent the Item.Now I have to cancel after three weeks of waiting.unbelievable but true , do not send e-mail to keep you informed .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Easy to install but on the 4th day the self tapping bolts came out-stripped out of the frame . It was adjusted as recommended and I never backed up or turned too tightly . I felt it helped and will likely pay to have it welded in place . Lost one pin and 4three bolts . I would probably buy a Reese equalizer hitch with anti-sway next time but I have an Eaz type .
 This item was installed and the ball torqued as per manufacturer 's specifications
 Purchased the Camco weight distribution hitch and it was recommended to purchase the sway bar ; unfortunately , it is difficult to fit both on a 6 X 10 foot trailer . Also the hieght of the trailer frame was smaller than the base plate holes so it would not have fitted anyway . Amazon SUCKS in that although the parts made by the same manufacturer did not work together as advertised , Amazon did not care and when I returned it I only got 50 % of my money back . I now LOOK ELSEWHERE instead of Amazon since I now know several trailer company websites offer a FULL REFUND if parts do n't work together when they are supposed to .
 This unit worked really great until it was about 4 years old . From being parked outside and road salts etc. the friction pads came loose and there 's no way to repair them , therefore rendering the unit useless . I would think they would use some other way to fasten them instead of a dab of glue that lets loose when the unit gets rusty .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I received these replacement mats for Christmas . The carpet is very nice , but the mats are not as pictured and are smaller than the photo without holes to secure them to factory tabs in floorboard . I will be returning these . Cheaper to buy directly from Ford .
 Bought this to use in my car because someone I know likes it a great deal . It did n't do anything for me .
 Used the Amazon partfinder to locate this set of Lund steprails for my 2008 Chevy Silverado Crew cab LT truck ; as well as the brackets . Purchased both ; through my wife 's account and received them a week later . The brackets arrived a couple of days prior to the steps -LRB- you have to purchase separately -RRB- and the model listed on the box was the 2000 Chevy CK series . Being somewhat startled by this , I double checked with the Amazon partfinder and this was the model suggested . A few days later , the step bars arrived ; so I opened both boxes and went to work trying to make these work on my truck . Tne four backet sets , I attempted to bolt onto the truck . I will add at this point that the lund instruction sheets that accompanied the parts are worthless . You will need to locate more detailed instructions on any of the truck blogs . To tell the abridged version of this review , the brackets are way to long for my truck . This stopped the install as there was no sense in manufacturing the steps themselves with the possibility those also being incorrect exists . And I do emphasize , manufacture ; as you will need to drill into the hollowed rail so you can afix the plastic step onto the rail . Lund simply provides the components and it 's up to you to manufacture.I contacted Amazon for return on Monday and am still waiting for the UPS pickup a week later.Lesson learned on two basis , one
 Its not all that great , I would n't get it . Honestly I would return it if it did n't take so long to get it off . But I will see if it works at all , but do not get this product , it does n't even come with the proper equipment .
 The machining on this adapter is just plain amateurish . I ca n't believe believe the Hedman Performance Group sells this and puts their name on it -LRB- even if they do use the ` TD Trans-Dapt ' branding -RRB- . The entire polished aluminum surface is marred by deep saw cut marks and grinding gouges . It looks like it was hacked out by a first year high school shop student ... no , that 's being unfair to high school students , who would almost certainly do a better job . If this thing was CNC manufactured , then I 'm the new President . Worse , the mating surfaces are so rough and pitted -LRB- and even have tiny , sharp raised bumps ! -RRB- that there 's no way that you could get a seal that would n't have a vacuum leak at either the manifold or the carburetor , even using the supplied gaskets . This is n't even a case of `` well , you get what you pay for '' because there are plenty of other quality spacer/adapters out there that sell for the same price or less . It is literally a piece of junk and since Hedman Performance Group does put this thing on the market I will be very cautious about purchasing * any * of their products in the future .
 This actually made my truck run worse , It made my truck have a slight hesitation at take off . The nice thing is you can take it off in about five minutes .
 I paid a premium price for these floor mats , and I am not at all impressed .1 . No hole for the factory anti-skid hook2 . No &#34; spikes &#34; on the bottom to keep them in place3 . Color is totally off4 . fit is just barely close -LRB- ordered custom fit floor mats -RRB- I paid over $ 100 for these floor mats and expected much better . I am totally unimpressed by these extremely expensive floor mats . Take a look at the list above and you can see why . I really feel ripped off . My worn out mats stayed in place when you entered/exited the vehicle , even when you vacuumed . Not these , they do n't even sit flat , let alone fit the floor pans.These are thick floor mats , they appear well made . That 's it . Should you want to put them at your front door I 'm sure you will get compliments . Not in my Eddie Bauer Explorer . Not even close . Live and learn .
 The spacer came in cupped . So much so that if you were to bolt the carb down you would snap off the feet ! I thought I would sand it flat but then I wondered what the heat of the engine would do to it . I ended up ordering the aluminum spacer . Do n't waste your money !
 It broke after 6 months . I now do n't role the window up and down without helping it with my hands . The metal was the same thickness as original equipment . It sounds like the gear inside stripped .
 I expected a complete chilton manual . I have a v6 lebaron . There is nothing in the title or review that lets you know the manual is for the 4 cylinder engines only . When I received the manual and the title is 1981-1995 4 cylinder cars I was disgusted with my useless purchase .
 Does not fit a standard 289 Mustang engine ; only the 289 Hi Po . Does not fit as dedcribed in the auto lookup feature . Filter is still high quality !
 When I assembled the fan to the motor and installed it it would n't turn because the fan part did n't seat all the way . I had to take the fan off the old unit and put it on the new motor .
 I ordered 4 of these for my shop . I had used them many years ago and was happy to find them on Amazon . I looked at several and saw some had a square , black handle and others had the red , hex shaped handle , like I had used in the past . So , I ordered what I thought was the red handled one , but what showed up were 4 of the black square ones.Now , it does n't really effect the actual functionality of the product . However , the red ones are easier to see up under a dash and are just a nicer quality . These black ones appear to be a cheap redesign by Thexton . Seriously , if I had known this is what Amazon was selling in place of the red one , I would n't have bought it .
 I had a Thexton 436 already from several years ago . I bought another one to use at home . I received a totally redesigned one that has a very cheesy black handle , not the nice red plastic solid handle that is pictured on Amazon . They probably are all that way now , less for more .
 i purchased this from lowes because buying it from here they remove the cables and remote that come with it . then they sell it seperate . ALL units come with the cables and remote . Plus my unit turns its fan on when its turned off and NO load.Do not buy from here because its a ripoff , I took the 357.00 price in to lowes to match and mine came with everything . Also be prpared to have some serious batteries to run this-im looking at 10 rated at 210 minutes each.It is a power hog . and the digital meter never registers 13.4 . I looked here and gopower makes a 3000 . for about the same price . I was so looking forward to this working relaibly
 Amazon lists MOST Power Bright Inverters as TRUE sine wave inverters - they are NOT - they are modified sine wave inverters - not good for electronics , some small appliances or small tool battery chargers . Be aware and read as much about the inverter as you can find . I have to return the new Power Bright inverter I just purchased because of this mistake .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This pedal looks great , but the mechanism does n't move freely -LRB- it binds -RRB- due to poor workmanship , specifically in the arch mechanism in the bottom of the pedal . I will have to file down the burrs in order to get this pedal to work smoothly .
 This looks very nice it the photos . It is cheap and does not work well . Look else where for a better product .
 the running board I saw on line and what was stated , was not what I got.I doubt if Ill order anything else from here again
 Actually ordered 2 kits , 6313 , and 6314 . The first one I -LRB- 6314 -RRB- was my error , it was the wrong set for my truck . The second set was the correct set -LRB- 6313 -RRB- for my 2002 GMC Sierra . They say that this set will not work if you have high beam daytime running lights which I do not have but it still does not work correctly . Headlights still work the same . Think I will just buy a pair of projector headlghts and be done with it .
 The connectors are reasonably high quality but the included hose is garbage . It looks like it was meant to to handle only air . Leaked like a sieve right out of the box with numerous tine holes all through it . I think it is safe to say that this is the absolute last thing anyone needs in a SEWER HOSE ! It is supposed to HANDLE crap not be a piece of it !
 I had high hopes for these . Bought several sets , put them on all my three cars ' tires . Then this spring when changing back to summer tires from winter tires I decided to do pressure checks on the remounted summer tires . All had Accu-Pressure caps on them and all the caps showed green . When checked with my tire pressure gage , all were 10 psi down from the nominal value stamped on the caps.The caps are worthless junk , in my view . Car and Driver tested them a while back and found pretty much the same thing .
 You need to be informed that these locks are not compatable for all HiLites . For instance , I purchased from Amazon HiLites # 174 , KC 121 Long range , Slimlights . The bolt on the Slimlite is smaller than the bolts on the full size lights and some others . This information is available on some of the other seller 's web sites . As always , no matter how much you think that this is the product that is correct for your vehicle , do your homework , visit other sites and gather all of the other information that you can , do not strictly rely on Amazons short description . Save yourself problems down the road . Then come back to Amazon and buy them at a great price with the free shipping !!! In addition , a contact the the manufacturer reveals that they do not offer a lock like this for the Slimlites . I do n't know why , every one wants to secure their expensive lights from theft . If I find a product that will work , I will try to revise this feedback . Purchased in April 2011 for 2004 Ford Ranger FX4 with a Westin Sportsman brushguard .
 No where near as good as my previous one and I would not buy it again - even though it is $ 30-50 cheaper . last time I brought a second hand one for $ 50 and it was great - but as a friend needed one I gave him mine and when I get my new rv went to get a new one.Seeing he price difference I thought I would save my money - I should have wasted and got another one second hand , the key differences are : - it comes unassembled - which was not a big deal but would have been nice to be told self assembly needed . - the feet are smaller and are always flipping over as you go to stand it up - never an issue previously and really bugs me that they could n't have spared a little more metal to fix this issue . - the turning handle is just a straight bar that slides out and you need to put in a little holder on the side when not in use ... . not as good as you end up having to wind it up and down with your hands where previously I just spun the handles . - chain fitting is more `` clunky '' no big deal - just another season i would buy the other one - and when I see one second hand - I will buy it and sell this one.that being said - it does do what it is supposed to do so if you do n't mind some annoying features for your money this will save you $ $ . Delivery was prompt though the packaging was ripped open . Brought it at Amazon and got free shipping - so saved a few more $ $ .
 We have n't used the product yet , because it has parts missing . Package arrived with a hole in it and the chain , bolts , and locking nuts were missing . We 're in a pinch so I guess I 'll go to the store and buy the parts we need to make this work - I should have read the previous reviews more carefully before the purchase !
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 It looks the same at first glance , but the housing and fan is smaller in size than the OEM unit . I was able to use the motor in my project by installing it in my old housing and by using my original fan assembly .
 I am in property management for over 30 years and have tried a lot of gate closers on apartment buildings . This gate closer was a joke and never worked correctly -- had to remove it and it was a waste of money , time and energy .
 The first 2 reviews of this product are correct . Although this product has a rugged design , the pivot points are riveted with steel on steel contact . After installing the unit the first problem was that it would n't allow the gate to close all the way unless you adjusted the hydraulic cylinder to the point where the gate would slam defeating the whole purpose of the unit.The second problem came after several days of rain , the pivot points which were riveted together began to rust and the unit would not close at all after opened unless forced . A better design would be to at least place some type of nylon washer between the steel links to allow them to pivot easier.So unless you do n't mind making modifications to something you just purchased to make it better , look elsewhere .
 I will try not to repeat what is already reviewed here but I just wanted to emphasize a couple of points . First , when it works , it is a thing of beauty , allowing the gate to close gently just like it states.Unfortunately , it does not work all the time , it is very difficult to install and mine only lasted 18 months before it stopped working . When I took it off the fence I could see the tremendous amount of rust throughout . I would not buy this again as I certainly did not wish to spend this amount of money on such a limited time frame .
 At our homeowners association we have 6 pool gates . We have used Kant Slam closers for a few years because we did not know there was anything better and our welding company kept installing them . They have to be replaced about 4-5 times per year and keep blowing hydraulic seals leaking the fluid all over our pool decks . These closers work for the first few days then go out of adjustment , then fall off the gate even though they 're welded on . They are pretty much worthless . Try to find soemthing more heavy duty or you will be wasting your money .
 So far I 've gone through three of these . I typically replace them at least once a year now ... just outside of warranty . At first what seemed to be the perfect fit for my application has turned into a complete failure.I currently use this product for the facility at work and the `` closing bar '' that pushes the gate close as the springs/piston compresses breaks exactly in the same place . It appears that it 's a major design flaw given that not enough material or support has been added to the design to keep the stress applied to it from fracturing over time.I do n't intend on purchasing this product a 4th time , but actually re-design/re-manufacture what the original OEM has consistently failed to do .
 We installed this on a wood frame door and after a few days the wood began to crack on the frame . This product is made well but is not as the package states `` for all doors '' . I do not doubt that it would work well on an all metal frame door or metal framed gate . The key issue being that the door frame should be able to withstand the compression of the two very powerful springs that the Kant-Slam uses to close the door , upon opening the door these springs compress , and require the frame to be the opposing stress point to push against.Its a little difficult to describe how the Kant Slam functions and the company -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- would do well to create a flash video to allow potential users to see it before purchasing .
 I have a gate to a children 's play area in my yard . My kids are always slamming the gate and I cringe for little hands or fingers getting caught . I thought this might be the ticket . How wrong I was!It 's huge and ugly , clashing with my nice cedar fence and gate . OK , I was willing to go with it , assuming it would do a good job . Sadly , it was very hard to operate . My kids struggled to open the gate and it did n't always close all the way . When it did close , its closing motion was not smooth . I finally uninstalled it when ripped the screws holding it out of the wooden gate post . Upon inspection , I found that the mechanism had bent due to the force required to operate the gate with this installed .
 This thing is big , chunky , ugly , and does not work well . I was hesitant to install it and 6 months later the welds on the hinge broke . DONT BUY IT !
 After working on cars since a teenager , and installing numerous sets of headers , this was a complete nightmare . We thought it would be better to put headers on rather than use the old exhaust manifolds after fixing a couple of broken exhaust studs . The headers are poorly designed , and after many tries to get the exhaust leak stopped , we finally found out that the drivers side needed an area ground down so it would seal completely . After having them off and on many times because the U pipe would n't seal , we found that the oil filter would be next to impossible to get off . We fought these crappy things for a couple months before we got it done . If you 're determined to buy them anyway , be sure to invest in good header gaskets from Nissan , and also an oil filter relocation kit , as well as some header wrap and hose clamps to keep the U pipe from leaking . What should have been a day or so of work turned into weeks of frustration .
 This is not a cheap pump and when I read that it is direct OEM replacementthat 's what I expect to take it out and plug it innot have to SPLICE A NEW PLUG IN . TYPICAL AC/GM DELPHIeven some of the cheap aftermarket pumps have adaptersnot happy
 These shocks will not fit a 1986 camry like amazon said they will . the lower end where it bolts to the nuckle wont fit the bolt holes were the wrong size and placement . I modified them to fit my nuckle perfectly it took a angle grinder and a drill press but i made them fit it . But the shocks are way taller than the old ones so it lifted my whole front end 5 inch 's taller than stock . Then when i drove it like that the front end lifted another 3 inch 's because of the extra travel . So now that i already moded them because they wo n't fit i can not return them . If your looking for shocks for a first generation camry -LRB- 1984-86 -RRB- DO NOT BUY THESE !!!!!!!
 Comes with 2 zip ties that fit fine . Boot was made of high quality and sturdy material . I used a bit of silicone lubricant spray to get it on . Had a little mixup , with the wrong boot being sent to me , but Amazon corrected it and overnighted me a replacement.UPDATE 6/26/11 . The inner lip -LRB- on the rack side -RRB- of both boots I purchased have developed some cracking . It does n't affect the functionality of the boot , as it 's just folding over a zip tie , but it is n't comforting . I 'll keep an eye on it . The rest of the boot is in good shape and able to protect the inner tie rod end and steering rack.UPDATE 6/24/12 . After 18 months of use , the boots are cracked all over . They have a little life left , but they will need to be replaced soon . I 'd suggest looking at other boots .
 This fan is not an exact fit to my 2003 4runner just like the first reviewer said . Very tight fit but finally able to install it after a lot of wiggling and tapping . After I finally got it in , the electrical connection wo n't snap in . i was almost at my wits end . I had to remove the blower fan again to figure why the electrical connectors wo n't fit . Turns out the connectors of the blower fan was n't properly aligned . I have to get a flat head screw driver and push the connector where it will align with the socket.In the end I spent 2 hours to get this darn thing installed . Should be only 30 minutes if everything was up to specs with the OEM part . The only reason i gave it two stars is because it is now running and compared to the OEM part which costs $ 200 at the dealership , i still saved money . Only time will tell if it would last .
 Did not fit a 2003 4 Runner . I ended up retrofitting the motor to the old housing , which required a lot of modification .
 Received the Raider ATV cabin cover very quickly however the parts in the box were wrong . I received 2 c posts for the same side . Very disappointed .
 This product is n't what it says at all , not custom and not elegant . I ordered the seat covers for my 05 Dodge and found them extremely cheap . Not only do they have a very unfinished look they did n't arrive for over two weeks using second day delivery . the installation directions are lame and very vague . I would n't recommend these covers to anyone , you would probably have better luck getting a pair from a auto part store or a giant box store for 20.00 bucks .
 This product is n't what it says at all , not custom and not elegant . I ordered the seat covers for my 05 Dodge and found them extremely cheap . Not only do they have a very unfinished look they did n't arrive for over two weeks using second day delivery . the installation directions are lame and very vague . I would n't recommend these covers to anyone , you would probably have better luck getting a pair from a auto part store or a giant box store for 20.00 bucks .
 OK FIRST OFF THESE DONT COME COMPLETED SO YES YOU HAVE TO CRAMP EVERYTHING WITH IT PLUS MEASURE THE LENGTH OF THE OLD WIRES TO GET THE RIGHT SIZE . I JUST DIDNT WANT TO SCREW ANYTHING UP SO I JUST THEM BACK . NOT WORTH THE TROUBLE . WISH MSD WOULD ACTUALLY FINISH WHAT THEY STARTED .
 The lights refused to stay on . Relay box was faulty . I had my alternated tested and it was fine . It provided a proper charge to my battery even with all the accessories turned on . I ran out of solutions and the Pilot Automotive technician refused to give me any solution to how to fix this problem . Therefore , I have no choice to return this garbage to Amazon.com and get my money back . I will never buy a Pilot Automotive product again . They do not back their products with proper warranty or customer service . I would NEVER RECOMMEND Pilot Automotive products to anyone .
 ordered this for the front seat of my chevy truck , and from the picture it would have been perfect . What I got was for the rear bench . Seller needs to make sure the pictures posted truly represent what they 're selling .
 I was so looking forward to recieving my new seat covers for my Chev . Silverado Pk.Up . I was so disapointed to find covers that were totally not what I ordered ! Instead of recieving the the 3 pc set , driver , passenger and middle , I recieved a 2 pc. , one to go straight across the seats and one to go across the backs . Which obviously did not fit at all . When I called to see if the proper seat covers could be sent in exchange , Customer service was not able to help at all just saying to return them for a refund ! But what I really , really wanted was the proper seat covers just like the ones in the picture ! was that too much to ask for ??? VERY DISAPOINTED !!
 I bought this filter because I 'm hoping it does turn out to be more economical for me . I put my car 's information into Amazon to make sure this model fit my car and Amazon said it fit . I tried putting into in my car today and it was a no go . Did not even really come close . I 'm sure the filter is just fine , but I had to exchange it for the right size through Amazon and Amazon is still charging me to return it because they say the reason for the exchange was n't due to their error . I beg to differ . I 'm hoping Amazon will straighten this out for me , but until then please beware .
 I got this but it was only the filter and not the housing for it . Does not fit well air was getting in and check engine light came on . Why does the picture show 1 thing yet i was sent another ?
 I ordered a dash mat for a 2002 Dodge Dakota . . In reviewing my order , I ordered the correct year . But received 2005 to 2007 dash mat . I am in the process of returning it . This was a Christmas gift for my husband . In fear of this happening again , we will purchase it locally .
 I ordered the complete set of the Supergirl Stars and Butterflies floor mats the front floor mats are too small they do n't even cover the floor I had to buy some other small mats to cover the floor they are pretty but small
 This product is junk , my podium came in all scratched up and after a month it lost it 's sturdiness . On top of that , the owner of the company is absolutely horrible to deal with . I do not recommend this company nor the stress that comes with dealing with them .
 This is the old design without the metal skeleton . If you got the dreaded manifold leak and want to be sure you dont have to do the job again , the improved part adressing the plastic deterioration , then you want part # 98000T
 The only reason I bought this item was b/c i thought this would prevent me from loosing the straw ... well , the straw did n't line up with the nozzle properly so it wo n't spray out of the straw and it started foaming around the nozzle . I had to take it apart and reinstall it but to no avail . I recommend buying the one with the detached straw .
 The smart straw mechanism broke the first time I tried to use it . If I press the button now , it just spews WD-40 uncontrollably.Stick with the original WD-40 if you need WD-40 . And if you 're worried about losing the straw , buy some tape .
 I like WD-40 . I know it works , but I would n't from this new can . Nothing comes out from the sprayer or the straw . Thumbs down !
 The item was supposed to be stainless and it is only chromeitem is ok and I will use it but was n't stainless steel as the adsaid .
 No drill brackets I guess means the brackets have holes not that you do n't need to drill holes in your frame to mount it . After a few attempts to mount the steps I figured out that the front mounting plates marked DF goes on the Passenger Front side and the one marked PF goes on the Driver Front . Also the hole for mounting the step is cut to give you room to get past the chassis mount is cut vertically and not horizontally which means you need a hammer to make it fit . Fix those two things and make the directions better and you would have an okay product.Smittybilt JN460S2S Sure Steps Stainless Steel 3 '' Side Bar , Pair
 I installed these on my 2002 Jeep TJ . The bars were about 1/2 inch too short to reach the supplied brackets . I was able to modify the brackets to fit but they do n't allow enough adjustment to make the bars appear parallel to the side of the Jeep . Do n't get me wrong , they still look a lot better than the factory running boards . I just thought these Smittybuilt bars would be engineered for an exact fit . There were missing lock and flat washers but I had some in my hardware box that worked .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 After replacing rotor warping ceramic brake pads with the Wagner semi metallic I still have braking issues . These pads rattle as I drive down typical city streets and is VERY ANNOYING . The backing on these pads is metal and that is exactly what I hear daily , metal to metal rattle . I am certain that I have the `` anti rattle '' hardware installed correctly but they still are very noisy . I drive a luxury car and it is almost embarrassing when I hear the loud noise resonating from my front end . The stopping power is excellent and that is the only reason I gave it 2 stars . Steer clear of metal backed pads ! You should opt for a pad with a coating on the backside to avoid this issue . For some reason my car 's OEM front pads were semi metallic and that is what I FINALLY figured out ceramic pads were causing excessive rotor warpage . One emergency stop and done , warped . I chose ceramic for the superior attributes but I can not afford or wish to replace , service premium front rotors every time I must brake really hard . Now I am in search of a quality semi metalic with a coated backside . Wagners are outta here .
 I ordered a total of 5 of these switches from Amazon . Only 1 of them came with the second trim nut and the face plate that says `` On '' and `` Off '' . I called Painless and they told me I should have ordered them from Jeggs and that the guys in the Amazon Warehouse must have been stealing the parts . I asked them to send me the missing parts and Painless told me they could not . I think they were throwing Amazon under the bus to cover up an obvious issue with their manufacturing and distribution . I do n't see Amazon people stealing the exact same parts from 4 of the 5 switches.Painless has obviously drastically reduced their quality control and should be avoided . They started outsourcing their manufacturing to China and the switches are obviously coming off of the boat without the correct parts in them . Painless is now just an office with a couple of rude and unhelpful people answering phones.For the price of these switches they should be perfect and made in the USA and neither is true . Dealing with this product is definitely not Painless.Don ' t be fooled by the ` MADE IN USA ' on the package . There is a smaller sticker that says ` Made in China ' on the package . Obviously they are still using Cardboard inserts that were printed when they were still manufacturing the product in the USA and when they cared about the product and their customers .
 I received the wrong item . Item i purchased was bottle of saddle soap but i instead got tin of saddle soap that comes in a container like shoe polish . Was not what I ordered but I did n't not want to go through the trouble of complaining .
 I really love these mats and now im on my second one with the same manufactures defect that i just returned my last set for , If my passenger side mat was not cracked and looked like it wasnt sliced i would buy these but apprently 2/2 bad ones makes me a un-happy customer
 The part did not fit the application it popped up for -LRB- 1999-2003 Jeep Grand Cherokee Unlimited -RRB- , looks like it fits a later model .
 This is a great product , but AMAZON lost parts . First and second kits both missing small bearing and alignment tool . Will order different brand to get good kit .
 Box was opened , items were missing -LRB- gaskets , hardware , cd etc. . . -RRB- , carb works ok , manual choke tricky to set up very very poor quality controll ...
 This stuff is nonsense . It does not work at all . I wasted $ 23 on a bottle , it is a thicker consistency than regular power steering fluid . But it still leaks the same as before.Food for though , the power steering system runs on a HIGH PRESSURE HOSE , this fluid will not do anything for that.My car is a 98 Maxima .
 I have been hearing for sometime now that these power steering stop leak products do n't work -LRB- esp . with HONDAs . -RRB- Since mine has been leaking for a while now , I decided to give it a try - albeit very carefully . Honda vehicles are VERY picky about what fluids go in them -LRB- transmission , brake system , etc -RRB- . I contacted the manufacturer and they gave me the green light to go ahead.Since this is an actual TEST experiment -LRB- FEB 10 , 2012 -RRB- , I am only using a few ounces -LRB- about 1.8 oz -RRB- and going to monitoring it for a few weeks and see what happens . So far the leak has stopped -LRB- not that it was leaking badly - a few tiny , tiny droplets every week -RRB- . And this was overnight . The steering pump sounds slightly quieter -LRB- it had a slightly higher pitch sound to it -RRB- . I will adjust the rating over the next few months after I see any negative/positive changes.Update as of Feb 22 , 2012
 I bought three bottles of Lucas Power Steering Stop Leak to try to avoid replacing my entire steering rack , as it was suffering from seal leaks . The Lucas Oil product slowed , but did not stop , the leaks . They clearly write on their website , `` It is 100 % guaranteed to stop seal leaks in power steering units or your money back . '' I emailed them to initiate the refund process and received an error message stating that the email could not be delivered . Great customer service , Lucas Oil . * UPDATED 2/7/11 * I was able to get through to customer service by phone . They said that the money-back guarantee is good for up to two bottles and that I would have to send them the receipt -LRB- s -RRB- , as well as the barcode on the bottles . I told them that I could n't have known to keep the barcodes after the bottles were empty -LRB- because they offer no information on their website about their guarantee -RRB- and they reluctantly said they 'd still honor their money-back guarantee . I will submit my claim and we will see if it goes through .
 I bought to bottles made sure i followed the instructions and now i have to pay the mechanic $ 750 to resolve the issue . I just hope I can get my money back
 My 1999 Crown Vic recently started slowly leaking power steering fluid . After going through a couple bottles of regular power steering fluid I decided to pick up one of these . While it did last longer than normal steering fluid my reservoir got low again after a few days . I went ahead and bought one more bottle because the packaging said they do a money back guarantee for up to two bottles , but the result was the same . Still waiting to hear back from the company regarding the refund -LRB- only been a week so I still have hope they will be true to their word -RRB- . I give it two stars because it definitely leaked slower than normal fluid , and looking at the reviews here it clearly works for other people , but it did not work for me . I am back to topping of my fluid with the cheap stuff until I am able to take it to a mechanic to repair . -- update 2010/07/12 -- Just wanted to post on here that I received a check in the mail from Lucas Oil for the cost of both bottles plus tax , so they indeed stand behind their product and honored the money back guarantee . There is no risk at all in trying this product .
 Wasted money I will see if they honor the refund but this did not work it just left a nice stain on my driveway with a very very slow leak issue I thought this would fix it . It did not .
 This stuff is nonsense . It does not work at all . I wasted $ 23 on a bottle , it is a thicker consistency than regular power steering fluid . But it still leaks the same as before.Food for though , the power steering system runs on a HIGH PRESSURE HOSE , this fluid will not do anything for that.My car is a 98 Maxima .
 I have a leak on the top of my steering rack gearbox . I used this product as recommended but it simply did not do anything . It was a waste of time , however they did honor their money back guarantee so that earns 2 stars . Perhaps my leak is just too big . It may still be with a shot for some people , but keep the bottle and receipt in case it does n't work .
 This part did not fit my truck so you can imagine my frustration when I spend 8 hours taking out the transfer case and transmission just to find out the damn clutch does n't fit . I had to drive almost 2 hours and pay twice as much for a clutch that would actually fit . I 'm sending this back and I hope that you can at least reimburse me for shipping and a full refund for the part .
 Quality of the individual parts was good . However , the locking mechanism that prevents the winch from slipping in the opposite direction has a weak return spring , and is n't quite lined up with the gear . As a result , it does not lock consistently . Avoid this product if you need a working locking mechanism.I live in Hawaii , so return shipping is not worth the expense and hassle . It 's a good size for throwing at the wild pig that visits in my yard at night . Do n't need a working locking mechanism for that .
 I bought this from Wal * Mart for about the same price . I put 6oz . in my 14.5 gallon Mustang after filling up . Since then my gas mileage has went DOWN , and I notice my car idling rough . I might have got slightly better responsiveness in between shifting gears , but that 's definitely not worth the rough idle and worse gas mileage.EDIT
 I bought two to replace my back struts because I was told so . I replaced them myself -LRB- Ford Focus 2001 -RRB- and when I took it to the road there was an awful noise coming from the rear end of the car . I checked to see if everything was fine and it was . I took it out -LRB- the one I believed was making the noise -RRB- and I took it for a ride and the noise was gone . I returned it and installed a new one , problem solved . Anyway , for some reason they are `` noisier '' than stock shocks . I would not recommend these struts to anyone .
 GI spec would mean that its made of kevlar and can stop a 9mm bullet ... this is plastic and will not stop anything stronger than a paintball round . The seller of this product should be kicked off of amazon for deceptive advertising and endangering the lives of any one who buys this .
 I often wondered why they call this a G.I Spec Helmet when it does n't meet the `` Government Issue Specification '' for a ballistic helmet . It 's for airsoft or paintball , not for real bullets . It does not have any ballistic defense value except on TV shows and reenactments . Whoever is selling this should remove the `` G.I. Spec '' from the product title .
 I purchased this kit to use on a rebuild for an existing motor . I stored it very carefully so that I would be confident in the contents . When I received the motor back from the machine shop , I pulled the pristine box from the shelf and began sorting the gaskets . The only issue was that the head gasket was bent right down the middle of cylinders 2 and 3 . The fire ring around cylinder 3 has lifted away from the surrounding material . While all of this would be under pressure once assembled , I can not in good conscience use this gasket . Which means I 'm stuck with purchasing an additional gasket that I should have absolutely no need for . To add insult to injury , Amazon 's return policy does not allow for any modification to the order now that I 'm outside of the return window . I can not lay blame for the oversight with anyone save for myself , but I also feel that there should be some kind of remedy for unused defective merchandise .
 The sensor itself fits of course , but the connector does n't fit even with modification . Had to splice in the old connector which was extremely tedious and voids the entire reason for purchasing an EXACT FIT sensor .
 The rack in the picture DOES NOT correspond to the part sent to me.Product does not have clear installation instructions , only poorly written instructions.NO COSTUMER CARE , NO ONE ANSWERS THE PHONE , CAN NOT RETURN THE PRODUCT , GET MY MONEY BACK.I CAN NOT BELIEVE AMAZON WORKS WITH THIS KIND OF COMPANY !
 this is the most miserable stuff in the world to work with . it is rolled backwards so when you luckily get the clear film separated from the tint . it rerolls onto itself . it should be rolled the other way . the whole roll ended up in the trash so $ 15 , plus $ 5 for a squeegee are spent for an hour of frustration . dont waste your money unless you like getting mad .
 I wasnt thrilled with this tint at all . It bubbles like crazy and sticks to its self more than the window .
 I ordered a installation kit to tint my car windows , The spray solution leaked all in the box and i am on a schedule so i wo n't be ordering any more of this product
 Ive applied a clear bra to my car with success , the real 3m stuff has a more rubbery elastic feel and is much more forgiving during application . This stuff is plastic-like and crinkles up / creases way too easy , id say it 's impossible to apply correctly without removing the insides of the car in a sterile indoor environment , and even then i doubt it would apply perfectly . just save up money and have it done pro
 You have 4 different colors on your advertisement yet , when you order it does n't give you a choice . How do you know what color you are getting
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 The kit promises tail and side lights . It came with only the tail lights . They are fine and easy to install but I needed the amber sides . The picture and the product discription are not correct .
 didnt receive the seat cover ; got tow hook instead for some reason ; called said they were out of seat cover didnt know why they sent me tow loop .
 installed these about six months ago , they stopped firing after only three i can cleanm up and they work a week or two but they do not perform as well as factory plugs ! no way and i saw no gain on a stock 5.7 gmc . and actualy lost gas mileage !!
 The Putnam Hawkeye Fifth Wheel Head is very hard to use . The handle to lock/unlock the king pin does not move well . The 2 times I used it I needed a hammer to unlock it . It does not lock automatically like some others . I was very disappointed with the whole Putnam setup .
 Well it fit in the pipe just fine but was received with a male connector . it should be a female . So it was wrong .
 Got part quickly . Began installing . Old sensor out of manifold . New sensor screwed in . Prepared wire ends for splice . Cut wire from old sensor . Whoa ! 5-wires . New sensor has 4-wires . How to install . Not possible.Completely different outputs ... Narrowband = 0-1 volt , Wideband = 0-5 Volts . . No worky ... : - -LRB- 2003 Audi A4 1.8 T
 I just install in my car . Ran through the cycles and the engine light came back on . Again bad o2 sensor . Now i have to take out of car and ship back to proably get a another bad one from this store .
 This isthe wrong O2 sensor for a 2003 volvo v70 . You need the Bosch 13118 . I also tried the 16199 and it is the same as the 15733 with pre soldered connector . Does not work . WRONGLY ADVERTISED !
 I had to rate a 1 because it advertised that it was for up or downstream and it is not . It is only for downstream . I contacted Amazon and they were excellent in issuing a refund . Disappointed that it did not work for my car but as always I really enjoy shopping on Amazon.com . :0 -RRB-
 they are selling these parts without boxes , and without any of the weatherproofing . parts also came with a 6 inch cable instead of 2 foot , no idea where they 're getting these parts from , but i doubt it 's bosch . i told them it was false advertising to say you 're selling this part when you 're selling it without the weatherproofing and they blamed amazon . i would never buy from that supplier , and would call the supplier before ordering anything in the future !
 The product I received was not in the original Bosch packaging for the 15733 Oxygen Sensor . The Bosch packaging was to include the Posilock system for connecting the wires , but instead had only four crimp connectors . I should have spent a bit more money to have Amazon ship the correct item ... Live and learn ...
 My car is Volvo S80 T6 and according to my mechanic I needed a Oxygen Sensor . After checking the model number , engine type and year I decided to buy the product , not one pce . but two , because according to information I needed two for my car . To make a long story short , did not fit and I sit up with a spare-part I have no use for . Do n't buy this product unless double check it with your mechanic .
 I tried to avoid buying the Denso OEM too save some money . What a mistake !!! Gas milage went down 25 % would get misfire codes . Put my old Denso back in and no problems . An engineer told me that the aftermarket Ox Sensors usually are too slow to keep the computer updated in real time . Save the headache and use factory parts for oxygen sensors .
 I have a 2004 Honda CRV . I bought this sensor when my check engine light came on and I got a P0134 `` 02 Sensor Circuit No Activity Detected -LRB- Bank I Sensor 1 -RRB- '' from my ODB-II scanner . First , to be sure I was targeting the right sensor , I disconnected the sensor from the computer . I then had another error from my scanner for the same sensor , same bank.I bought an oxygen sensor wrench and pulled off the old sensor . The removal and installation went as well as one could hope . The connection between the old plug and new sensor was a bit complicated , but it looked much more sturdy than just solder and electrical tape . After installation was complete , I cleared the old error codes and took the vehicle for a spin . The engine light came back on ! I got another P0134 code with the new sensor ! I was stunned . It did n't give me the code I had when the sensor was completely disconnected , so I was quite sure it was n't my wiring . However , I took the sensor off and checked the contacts with a meter . It all seemed solid.I was sure something else was wrong with the vehicle , so I took it to a mechanic . All he did was put in an OEM sensor and the engine light is no longer on . I guess the sensor works well for some vehicles but it does not work for a 2004 Honda CRV . . unless I got a dud . I 'm giving it one star because it should not be considered `` universal '' . The sensor fit my vehicle perfectly and there was no indication that it would n't work until the check engine light came on and my old sensor is all hacked up . Plus , it wasted my Saturday and I had a pay a mechanic for something I easily could 've done myself . . ouch!I 'm writing this because I hope this does not happen to you .
 I bought this part for a Honda Element P1041 error code -LRB- engine light on -RRB- . When they say `` universal '' , they mean cutting the old connector off , and then USING it via a big blob universal wiring thingamajig with ZERO instructions on your car 's existing wiring . So , you end up with 2 grey , one white and one blue wire , needing to be spliced with black , grey and another color , but no real certitude as to connectivity ! I could n't find anyone on the web that did it for Honda Element , so I tried best to figure it out
 Frankly , these floor mats are absolutely underwhelming.Was expecting a heavy-duty , rubberized mat capable of standing up to cold weather and rough use in my 2012 Econoline . Instead , the mats are plastic and very thin . Not sure they will make it through the upcoming autumn rains and winter snow.On the plus side , well-molded and fit perfectly.But oh so underwhelming . Not saying they are not worth buying . But I am saying they do n't seem to me to be worth the price . Will be looking elsewhere for something better .
 I am not wild about this item . Maybe my technique is at fault , but ... I think this is too rough on foam pads and in my experience it can damage your pad and shorten it 's life if you are not careful with it . I prefer turning my polisher on and pushing a towel against the pad every so often to clean it over this brush method .
 bought these at almost $ 8 each and not even 3 months later , less than 2,000 miles and the center electrode had completely disappeared . Fused iridium and platinum center electrode and it completed disappeared !!! i had a really bad miss and actually lost almost 5 mpg . do not buy these !!! no return available either because they only had a 30 day return available . so over $ 60 wasted and now i need to buy plugs again !!
 The only reason I am not putting this product as a 1-star because the product is actually good . However , 50 % of the reason I bought this product instead of another manufacturer was because of the proposed rebate . The company is ridiculous because I send not only the UPC codes they require , but the entire box , and they send me a letter that they need the UPC codes . Obviously I do n't have it because I sent it already . Try not to buy from Bosch . I already emailed and Facebook-ed my friends in case they ever buy something for their cars . Rebates are usually easily follow-the-instruction deals , but this is the bad side about rebates because companies can screw you over and there 's no recourse for you .
 They work but not near as well as a cheap ngk . old spark plugs would start with one try when the truck is cold . new spark plugs take two tries when the truck is cold .
 I purchased these plugs as they were at a great price and the description says that it works for my car -LRB- 2001 Mustang GT -RRB- . When I went to get them installed the mechanic told me that the plugs will not work for my car as they will burn too cold and not pass smog here in California . I checked with another mechanic and he concurred . I wish I would have known about this issue before I purchased them . Be wary if you have the same situation as these plugs may be of no use to you .
 This part -LRB- 4504 -RRB- does not fit my 2006 Mercury Mountaineer.I checked the `` fit your vehicle '' very carefully and it says this part will fit my vehicle . It does n't . I should have gone to the manufacturer 's website and checked their compatibility list.Now I see that my vehicle is n't even listed in their database for spark plugs.I guess this is one of the hazards of ordering through the web - the Amazon website says `` it fits '' when it does n't . I 'm sending them back , but what a PITA.Now I ca n't trust Amazon 's website so I have to do a bunch of research myself or just buy stuff locally . `` Buyer beware ! ''
 Do not buy Bosch Plugs . I just got these for my 07 Ford Focus . The old plugs were original and had 99K on them , they were really worn out . These new plugs look cool and are supposed to be a huge upgrade over factory plugs . There is no upgrade , I think it 's a bit of a downgrade even from the worn out factory plugs . The factory plugs look to be NGK iridiums . The whole 4 prong thing is stupid hype and does nothing to increase power or performance.The car appears to accelerate a bit smoother but slower . And when decelerating at faster speeds the engine appears to `` misfire '' because you can feel it `` shimmy '' . I ca n't believe I wasted 30 some bucks on these pieces of junk.This is the second time I have been burned by Bosch Plugs , they were junk in my 01 Civic too .
 Well after buying these O2 sensors I thought I got a great price compared to local stores ! Well if they worked that would of saved me a lot . BUT , they are defective and of course its too late to return . Had to bring the car to a shop to figure it out . So I want to warn anyone who wants to use these Bosch Oxygen Sensors for their Chrysler Do n't !! And according to a local Chrysler dealer Bosch O2s do n't work in their cars . To late for me so heed my warning .
 This is a great looking product . And I am in to carbon fiber . But the frame covers to much of the license plate . I was afraid I would get a ticket so I did not use them . Of course this was discovered after the shrink wrap packaging was destroyed opening it . So it collects dust in my shop . Texas law states the frame can not obscure any part of the plate that would make it difficult to read . This frame will get you a $ 200 fine .
 MADE IN CHINA ... Was missing the cover for the stem . So , in other words it does not work . What a waste of money . Pure junk . I have purchased from Amazon for many years and this is the second recent purchase that is inferior , defective products made in china .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Plenty of cautionary tales for the 6V Porsche owner.I myself have had three , and that third one was the last I 'll ever own.They work really great when they work -LRB- I gave it three tries ! -RRB- but when they fail they 'll leave you dead at the side of the road . The first failure was < 300 miles after installation . Luckily , I was skeptical and kept my original points in my glovebox . The second time it failed more gradually , and I got home , but again swapped back for the points . Third time I got one as a gift . Pertronix II 91847AN6 . It worked for < 100 miles . Then the voltage threshold was too high and my car would n't start.I have friends with 12V systems that swear by them . Race cars , VWs , 356es driven in Mojave desert heat . All worked fine . You pays your money and you takes your chances .
 These are made of cheap hard plastic but worst of all they refuse to stay where they belong . I thought the Husky liners were just a less expensive alternative to Weather-tech , WRONG ! You get what you pay for I guess .
 Not what I expected when I ordered custom fit molded floor liner . It reminds me of a paint roller tray . I kick the side walls of the liner when i get in . The bottom can get slippery when wet . Not really worth the money .
 I bought this product and to be honest it never work one day apparantly it has a manufacter defect but i guess that what you get for looking at low end product
 Bought this for our monaco windsor . Really thought the description would fit our needs . Unfortunately it is not extra long at all ! . On the positive side the front zippers are great to adjust to the mirrors to prevent tearing . Would have been happier if it fit flush with the cargo drawers . It is about 1 foot short on both sides :-LRB- .
 The body of the handle section broke off from the mounting nut after only a couple uses .
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 Great price but it does n't work ! After mounting this alternator I wondered why the battery continually discharged overnight . I finally discovered , after disconnecting the battery ground one evening and checking battery status next mornng , and checking wiring and connections , that the new alternator is the problem ! I 'm trying now to get a replacement and waiting to hear from Amazon .
 Did n't fit at all . There was a 1/4 '' gap between the bar and the bar ends . Kinda sucks . I ended up with throttlemeisters after that nonsense .
 I was going to order this converter back when it was listed at $ 57.00 on Amazon . Thankfully , I took measurements from my stock converter to find that it 's not an exact fit , as advertised . For $ 57 I might have ordered it anyway , and retro fitted it . But for the $ 90 it 's slowly crawled it 's way up to ... that 's not gon na happen ! Be careful if you intend to order this item as it may say `` direct fit , '' but that 's not necessarily true . For $ 90 it should most definitely be plug and play !
 I rate this as poor as I just received the spark plugs five days late and the box smashed and half open . It looked as if a truck drove over the small box ? It was a wonder I got all eight plugs and was very disappointed in whoever packaged these plugs as it was the worst I eve have seen . There was no protection if the shipping box was damaged . I have waited and waited for these plugs and when I get them , they are smashed . Not bad plugs , but terrible packaging and makes me wonder about Amazon .
 The parts verification link and the Photo of this Spark Plug would indicate that this plug will fit a 2008 dodge 4.7 Liter Flex-fuel motor . The product on arrival turned out to be different from the one pictured ; in that the threaded section was much shorter and as such , would not seat in the engine to the proper depth . It was in fact the wrong spark plug for the application .
 Fit on -LRB- funciona en -RRB- dodge ram 1500 SLT 2007 V8 4.7 . ...
 I have a 2003 Chrysler Town and Country LXI . I used the your garage to find a thermostat for my minivan and it said this will fit my minivan . The part numbers on the box is 45209 . The correct number for my minivan is 14789 in the Stat brand . The one they sent me was to small for my minivans thermostat housing . So make sure the numbers are right before you order one of these Stat thermostats .
 Received this carb only to discover it is remanufactured not new as stated . Amazon sent another only to receive the same remanufactured carb .
 This is a loud pump you can hear the noise inside while driving with he windows down , Replaced with another pump and it is super quiet . Poor product seller has not contacted me back after emailing them .
 Cleaned everything and installed the thermostat . Saw engine running cold for a long time . Uninstalled it and found it was stuck open in cold and hot water . Garbage !
 I guess you get what you paid for . To me it 's not worth it . Maybe it 's a different story for the more expensive ones . This one covers the speakers that are on the dashboard . They 're not cut-out or pre-cut . Do n't believe them when they say `` it wo n't make any difference '' coz ' IT DOES . The highs -LRB- tweeters -RRB- are literally being covered and nowhere for the sound to come out ...
 I expected a FE0298 , but what 's really inside the box is a `` Walbro GSS310 '' . And neither the fuel pump nor the included kit are marked as having anything to do with Delphi , only the box says Delphi on the exterior.But Walbros are n't bad pumps , I thought . Except , this one appears to be one of those Chinese forgeries . Walbros have a smooth , shiny metal surface and make a sort of gasping sound when running in free air outside the tank . This one has a rough , somewhat oxidized , metal surface and sounds like a cheap whiny drill . Just check on Google or Youtube for Walbro forgeries and see for yourself.It seems there a lot of Chinese forgeries reaching the US . And most retailers ca n't tell the difference.But fake copies are your thing , you can get identical junk on ebay for way less.Luckily I can return it for a refund , phew .
 I did n't realize that you need the crimp tool to properly install these ... . I have not yet tried just a pair of pliers yetbut that 's what 's coming ... so that 's why such a low rating ...
 i own a 2001 f-150 and ordered this product along with the grille insert . the grille insert went in like the directions mentioned , the first part of june i tried to put in the bumber insert , first the license plate holder was in the way and its has rivots to hold in . the next thing the hardware that came with it was wrong , it looked like the insert was suppose to have studs because the bag of hardware was the same as the grille insert , it had wing nuts and the instructions were not the for the bumber insert it was same as the grille insert . plus there are dividers behind the license plate holder so the product does n't fit in properly . now if i looked at the ad they placed , it says fast , no drilling required , which drilling is the only option to according to the service tech i spoke with at putco , i finally got all of this information after the fact of the return policy .
 The filter assembly looks to be of fine quality , its just too damned big , and will not fit into the intake manifold -LRB- the rubber molding on the top is too thick -RRB- . Do n't waste your time on this product , its not manufactured to OEM spec for a 2004 BMW 325xi . This was assured to fit based on the Amazon part finder , but low and behold so does thePentius PAB9007 UltraFLOW Air Filter . Either its a botch at Amazon 's end , or something nefarious is going on here ... ; -RRB- In any case , Amazon made it right . They said do n't worry about returning it , shipped me out aFram CA9007 Extra Guard Flexible Panel Airovernight as a replacement , which then went in just fine . Kudos to Amazon for keeping a loyal customer .
 This Pentius PAB5350 filter does NOT fit my 2000 BMW 323i , because the rubber molding on top is uneven and too thick/wide and the engine filter cover can not completely close over the filter.Much better to go with the Fram CA 9007Fram CA9007 Extra Guard Flexible Panel Air , it is made exactly to BMW specifications and fits perfectly .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 I got these pads for my 2003 X5 3.0 i -LRB- rear -RRB- . Where to begin ... Basically after installing these pads the car started making a VERY LOUD squeal when braking . So loud I was not only embarrassed , but actually thought it might be doing damage due to vibration . After going online I noticed that there are A LOT of people saying they have the same issue , but most said it 's temporary and lasts about 500 miles . Hey , come on ! Brakes should not do this - not even for a mile ! it is totally unacceptable for brakes to be that loud , ever ! But I decided to give them 1000 miles just to be sure . But they kept squealing , they never stopped - even after 1000 miles.After removing the pads I can safely say I know the cause of the noise . The shams -LRB- or shims -RRB- , whatever , are so cheap - almost like duct tape on the back of the pads . I did n't really notice putting them on , but obviously now knowing they are so loud it is simply the material and the cut out shape of the shims . You can literally peel this cheap material off , but the pressure of the calipers will just tear or wear them to the point they do n't work . Most brakes that are good have plastic shims that cover most of the back of the pad , to ensure there is no noise . But these barely have any duct tape on the back , they just do n't cover the full area that they need to , plus the material just is n't very good.Bottom line
 I purchased 2 of these solvent guns several years ago and they worked great but have corroded and fell apart since made of aluminum and brass . The new solvent guns are more expensive , just as cheaply made , and do n't work near as well as the originals made by the same company . . Do n't waste your money !! The best solvent gun is made by Snap On -LRB- Bluepoint -RRB- . It is more expensive but what 's the point of saving money on a product that does n't work !! It 's like buying a pair of glasses on sale but not your prescription !! I also bought a solvent gun on eBay for $ 8 and it has performed excellent .
 The hose included with the spray gun is a joke - it is extremely lightweight and comes complete with kinks that do n't smooth out and which cut off the flow of whatever cleaning solvent is being used . Requires replacement with a more substantial hose immediately . The gun draws cleaning solvent poorly and therefor fails to provide a substantial enough spray to effectively clean oily or greasy parts . Disappointing product overall .
 it look good , but dont even work at all , it is waste of time and money for the junk . unless
 I bought 2 of these to spray engine degreaser and they never worked properly . I have an industrial air compressor with plenty of air to power it and had to put an air regulator on the actual gun to lower the psi to about 60lbs just to get it to spray , but at this low psi its pointless because it does n't have enough air pressure to clean properly . I wish i never bought 2 let alone 1 . Now i have a high priced air gun . SAVE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE AND DO N'T BUY IT !!
 Feed tube needs to be stiffer , it collapses on itself and stops the flow.Need to un-kink it every so often . Other than that , it works great.Edited opinion after more use . Quit working after a few uses -LRB- 5 -RRB- because ofcorrosion . Not a good product . Good packaging and fast shipping .
 Original had silicone boots and were numbered.These are ok but the coil wire -LRB- both of them ... yes 2 -RRB- did not fit original coil , the boot is to small.Yes i had it on both ways !!
 I should have spent a few dollars more and gone with the furry one . This one is disappointing and although it has bean bag type sides , not as comfortable .
 according to the item description it says
 Do not but , it totally misses the fit in my Odyssey.Web site stated it was for this carbut it is not true , I will have to go get other brand .
 I do n't like this garbage at all . It does n't stay open well enough , so when my kids put garbage in it , the garbage never makes it down far enough . It is in the way constantly and I have given up using it . I think I will have to find something more sturdy .
 bought mine at a auto store it lasted about a year before the bag itself started tearing . stay away . do not buy .
 I found it impractical ; it would fold into itself too easily . I liked that there were bags included , but they were very flimsy . You 're better off buying these at the grocery store . Returned .
 I am sure the safety of this helmet is good . I have not had a crash so luckily have not had to test that . But I am sure it will work well as a helmet.The issues I have with this helmet is that it fits the head really oddly , it makes your head look REALLY round . It looks like your wearing a goofy space helmet , not very attractive . The chin strap does not have a button to pin the slack strap to the helmet . Any slack strap just kinda hangs there in the way . Another problem I have with it , is that the visor does not fit well . You kinda have to manhandle it to get it on the snaps . It often unsnaps from the helmet and gets all crooked again . Really unless if you think this helmet looks amazing , go and find another you will probably like it more .
 For those looking at the small medium sizes . . dont bother . They design this shell one size , so if you order small the shell would be the same as the XL sizes . It looks ridiculous big on my small head .
 I will never buy a helmet off of the internet again ... This is the 3 helmet i 've sent back . I Had A mUSHROOM hEAD !!! LMFAO !!!
 Most of the parts fit . One gasket was not the correct one for this carb . Disappointing . . all parts should be correct .
 I had an old sun shade that just was n't what it used to be . So , I purchased this one after reading the reviews . I received it last night . I used it during my lunch time today . When returning to my car to drive back to work , I was very disappointed . My new sun shade had large bubbles in it in several places . Spend your money on some other sun shade . This one is not worth anything .
 It does n't worth the price . Better go to Wal-Mart -LRB- or another store -RRB- and get a cheaper one .
 THIS PRODUCT IS SO OVER RATED THAT IT 'S FUNNY !! IT DOES N'T CLEAN ANY BETTER THAN WATER !! I TRIED IT ON THE CAR AND THE HOUSE WINDOWS AND THEN THROUGH IT AWAY!IF YOU WANT A SUPER GLASS CLEANER , GO TO ; -LSB- ... -RSB- YOU WILL LOVE THIS !
 I am amazed at the number of good reviews Stoner 's Invisible Glass Cleaner gets . I bought an aerosol can of Stoner 's a couple of years ago because of the good reviews it received . For me it was terrible . It was anything but invisible ! It left a haze no matter how many times I applied it and tried to wipe it off . I tried using both lint free cloths and paper towels and it still left a very noticable haze . I stopped using the product and went back to good old Glass Plus . I recently bought a new car and wanting to detail it with the best products I could find , I decided to once again try Stoner 's Invisible Glass because of the reviews and perhaps I missed something the first go around or they improved it . This time I purchased the spray bottle and the results were the same ... a smudgy haze that could not be removed from the glass . In fact , because it 's a new car , the glass was almost perfect anyway and it actually made the glass worse . Again , I went back to Glass Plus with perfect results . I have thrown away a full container of unused Stoner 's Invisible Glass for the second time . As the saying goes , `` fool me once ... shame on me , fool me twice ... shame on you . '' If I could give this product zero stars , I would have . It 's that bad !!! Sometimes the simplest solutions are the best . Avoid this product or buy it once and try it for yourself . Just keep the good old bottle of Glass Plus on hand , cause you 'll be needing it .
 I purchased the sun shades for my side windows which they do n't work . I do n't think the description was detailed enough . So I decided to use them for my front windows . Only one shade has the ` strap ' to hook to the rear view mirror . There much bigger than expected .
 This is tiny . Complete wrong size , does not fit car at all . Does not work at all . Complete waste of money .
 I looked for one particularly looking like this one on the picture , received white one you can buy everywhere for $ 4 . PUT TRUE PHOTO .
 It worked fine for awhile . Today I plugged it to the car lighter outlet with inverter power switch was off and nothing plugged into it started to smoke and crackling sound . I thought it was going to catch fire and it would have if I did n't grab it quick and throw on the flow .
 This product fails a consumer 's reasonable expectation of service . The self-adhesive -LRB- even using the spray from the additional kit -RRB- failed completely to adhere to the glass . Even when using the rubber squiggy to smooth out the air bubbles , the product refused to smooth out correctly , becoming nearly instantaneously crinkled and scratched . Save yourself the money and have a professional service provide the tint for your vehicle .
 What a waste of time and money . The 20 % is purple and you ca n't see through it because it 's foggy . I got the 5 % for the rear windows . It 's bad , too . the bubbles do n't come out . I bought the self cling versions for practice , but I will still just save up and get it done professionally . It took about 1 hour to do 4 doors plus 2 quarter windows .
 This product is the absolute worst tinting film I have ever seen . I did n't even get the chance to see what the optical quality was because it does n't stick to the window ! I followed the directions with the extra application kit I bought and when you wet the surface , the film does n't stick at all . Then I tried applying it without the wetting solution and the film wrinkled up so much it was impossible to flatten out . If I had the choice of picking no stars for this product , I would have . Do Not Buy This Product !
 I never was able to use these goggles . The first time I tried to put them on over my helmet , the strap broke out of its hinge . The strap was wasy to small to fit over the helmet no matter how I adjusted it . I 'll probably end up buying another strap as expensive as the goggles .
 These googles are cheaply made . The seams feel sticky - like the glue was not put in place right . The foam is cheap and airy . I doubt these will last more than an hour in action .
 Unfortunately it looks like a I got a defective one . The actuator appears to have a mind of its own . It opens and closes the rec-door after I turn the engine off but it does ' t do anything when I press the button for the rec-door . Hopefully I can get a replacement soon .
 This is not an air idle control valve ! I is possibly a crankshaft sensor . Make sure you check it closely !
 Not the product that was in the picture . The picture showed the compete set , however only one replacment wire came . Not good advertisement will b returning .
 Jvc has the worst customer service ever . Do not buy their products . I sent a car radio in for service & it came back it in the worst shape . I did n't send it in scratched up . They broke the usb port & basicaly said to bad . Do not but jvc .
 I just got this tool . I ordered it new , but what I got was a used one . It was scotched taped in the package rather poorly and had remnants of oil running out of it . I will post later to see how it works . There might be a part missing inside , not sure yet .
 Very easy to install but to put a decent ball -LRB- eg 3/4 '' shaft -RRB- on this adapter you must use the hole nearest the loop and ATV . This leaves very little clearance to attach a trailer of any size due to interference from the loop and the ATV itself . -LRB- I have a Yamaha Grizzly 660 . -RRB- I 'll be dumping this hitch adapter and buying one that is more well thought out . A waste of money if you really need the ball hitch .
 I don , t know if my unit is defective but it cooks all the water out of my 12 volt motorcycle battery , if I leave it hooked up for when I , m not riding it .
 I was really looking for a battery desulfator but this ended up being more of a trickle charger than a desulfator . It claimed to be a desulfator in the product description but in reality I think they kinda put more emphasis on the charger than the desulfator . I have a couple of batteries that were just going bad and I think that a real desulfator would have brought them back to life but I think this product is only in part a desulfator and only in part a charger . This item is more a product to maintain a charge on your current -LRB- good -RRB- battery than it is to recover problem batteries like I wanted . I really looked for the cheapest desulfator that I could find so it is partly my fault . They advertised that this unit was a desulfator but I believe their to be a better product on the market . If you are looking for a trickle charger to keep your batteries maintained while not in use then this product will work fine , but if you are looking for a desulfator like I was then pay the extra few bucks and get a real one !
 I received it not working , I had to return it and buy something else locally from walmart , I do n't recommend it to anyone .
 Do n't buy this charger . Like someone else said , they do not honor their warranty and are rude on the phone . Here 's the secret their packaging and instructions do n't tell you . If the charger should lose power for any reason such as accidentally bumping the heavy charger from the wall plug , someone turning off a wall switch or circuit breaker tripping ; your battery will back-feed through the charger causing the led to light giving the appearance the charger is charging . In this case the charger is worse than no charger at all as the battery will completely discharge into the charger and sulfate . This happened at my hangar and my new -LRB- expensive -RRB- airplane battery was toast ! All the company has to do is spend a few more cents in their circuit design to solve this problem.Last week I connected the POS charger to a battery that needed charging and the charger wall wart got so hot I was afraid it would catch on fire . I found a great fix for these chargers , throw them away ! However , I need to add one more stars as my 12 year old son was able to use the battery clips for one of his science fair projects .
 Mine went bad , in just under a year , sent back and they denied the warranty , because `` it had corroded inside '' . I suppose if you use poor quality parts and solder in side they will all do this . Mine was in a garage -LRB- unheated -RRB- , minding a battery on my favorite sports car . I bought it , now paid to ship it back for repair . - All $ $ $ are LOST , since it 's completely broken .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Hi , I just fit struts all four sides but I am not satisfised because after installation my is jumping and it doesnot absorbs the shock so , I am going to return back and find some another brandThank YouBhupesh Pandya
 Not very good at blocking out sun . If you want it for looks that 's about the only benefit . With a clean window and all it always seemed to come off .
 When I opened the package for the item , I could still feel grease on the container . I was thinking may be this item was returned by someone.I filled the container with oil and noticed immediately that the container was leaking oil . Now I have a messy clean-up to do on my stairs.Even if it does not leak , the product is still pretty low quality.Amazon should not sell a defective item which was returned .
 Until this purchase , I never had to return an item for refund . And I have bought a lot of stuff over the years from Amazon . I have been a farmer and machinist for over 10 years and I can honestly say the phrase ` heavy duty ' was a work of fiction on this one . Rust resistant finish looks like it is covering rust . The pump lever uses the spout as the fulcrum . I honestly can not say anything good ; except , on first inspection , it got the best laugh of the day out of me .
 This hose was advertised as a direct fit for my RX-7 . Although length and diameter are about the same from the stock hose , this one is not bent the same way and causes a kink in the hose . This kink prevents the coolant from flowing like stock , starving the engine resulting in excess temperatures . I should have spent ten more dollars and went to the dealer .
 this is handy but extremely delicate.bent one slightly to fit and snapped off.luckily not in the engine.recommend you make youre own .
 I 'm not one to complain for something not being perfect , but this item came without the electrode adjuster , which is very disappointing and surprising . There are four wire gauges on each side , so I 'm not sure how the electrode adjuster would have fit without making the two plates uneven . either way , I think the gauges are fine , I just ca n't understand how in the world this was packaged without being complete -- the packaging even says it comes with the adjuster!I could return this to amazon , but I 'm not sure it 's worth the trouble . it 's probably best to just go to the store and pick up one of the other types of wire gauges . should 've done that in the first place . amazon 's a big place , and all these manufacturers and models sometimes get mixed in the fold . save yourself the time , make a trip to the parts store
 These pads could be of good quality but produce too much dust , if your car is equipped with steel wheels then it could be ok however if your car has alloy wheels you should look at other brands . i 'm not making this up these pads produce at least 60 % more dust than original equipment .
 this is handy but extremely delicate.bent one slightly to fit and snapped off.luckily not in the engine.recommend you make youre own .
 My beef is with this ad . It states in two places that the listing is for 4 spark plugs . Under product features it says Qty .
 I needed 2 BPR5ES sparkplugs for a Honda pump we have here , and ordered 1 -LRB- one -RRB- of this item - because it states it 's for a box of 4 -LRB- four -RRB- in several places . I figured we would have 2 -LRB- two -RRB- spares , which is n't a bad thing . Unfortunately , I did n't read the other review first stating that the description is incorrect -LRB- or the seller is ripping everyone off ... -RRB- , or I would simply have ordered 2 -LRB- two -RRB- to begin with . Now I do not have enough to repair this pump , and have to wait another week for another plug to ship to me . Dear Amazon , If the description says 4/box in several places , could you please ensure that this is the quantity that ships ? Thank you !
 I should have paid attention to the reviews because they shipped me 5 spark plugs when I thought I was getting 20 . They also blamed it on amazon not themselves . Since my company sells thru here I knew it was their mistake not amazons .
 The item is advertised as one piece but is actually 2 pieces . And it does n't actually fit nicely onto the rear passenger side floor of my 2001 RX300 as advertised . The material looks durable though .
 This product is advertised with the Msport logo on the top , however when the gear knob arrived there was an empty space on the top . Not happy at all , still waiting to hear back from the seller ...
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Now that I 've owned this for a couple years I 'd like to warn buyers that the factory paint job does not hold up . My Jeep is garaged and only has 30,000 miles on it in 5 years . Within a year of installing this guard -LRB- which is a bear , getting the bolts to line up -RRB- the paint started chipping off . I started touching it up using Rustoleum paint but the chipped areas kept getting larger and larger . Recently very large sheets of paint have been coming off so I 'm looking at removing the guard , stripping it down , treating any rust and totally refinishing it . This time I 'll be using Rustoleum primer and finish coat -LRB- s -RRB- . I would suggest any buyer of this guard refinish it before installing .
 Hello , these will NOT fit over a 2 '' pipe . Package saids for up to 1 7/8 '' So if you have a 2 '' tail pipe is not the one you want.Don
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Installed on Sep 2012 and failed on Nov 2012 , on Toyota corolla 1997 . People says Bosch do not work with Japanes cars .
 I failed smog because my O2 sensors did n't work . I bought Bosch sensors and failed again ; the reults were worse . I then bought Denso sensors and passed . The smog guy told me never buy Bosch for Japanese cars . Fortunately Amazon allowed me to return the Bosch sensors . But buying Bosch sensors probably wasted about 8 hours of my time .
 The helmet is not ECE 22.05 rated . This helmet is DOT only.Just thought I 'd clear up some misinformation , please check the AFX website and fix your description .
 The measurements for the above chrome exhaust pipe tip are described as 2 1/4 '' x 9 '' . BUT , the pipe tip is actually 2 '' -LRB- inside diameter -RRB- and wont fit 2 1/4 '' exhausts , so anyone thinking about buying this item to put onto their 2 1/4 '' exhaust should not buy this because it will not fit . OR you can buy it and just do what I did ... I ended up using a grinder and putting a 5 inch cut on the under side of the original exhaust pipe so I could squeeze it into this chrome exhaust tip . It fits great and looks perfect , you cant even tell that the inner exhaust pipe was modified to fit inside the chrome tip . I guess I probably could have sent it back , and found a tip that fits a 2 1/4 '' exhaust , which would have been alot easier , but definately not as fun ... The item description is theoretically correct when it says that the tip is 2 1/4 '' , but that is the measurement for the outside diameter , which is completely useless since the tip is designed to have another exhaust slide into it . The measurements they provide should be the inside diameter measurements which is 2 '' . So everyone would know anything up to 2 '' will fit into it .
 I bought this to remove the rust on my bicycles , for example on the quick release handles and some of the bolts . It did n't do a thing to remove the rust . I tried leaving it on longer , I tried utilizing it in conjunction with a wire scrub brush , I tried using it more than once ... but got zip , zilch , nada in terms of even removing a little rust .
 tried and not satisfied at all , i use the product for my car and did not do squat . i guess this is just for home use or something .
 I tried it and it works about 10 % of the time . I am going to look for a gel product that will stay on the rusty nail heads instead of just running off .
 The helmet is not ECE 22.05 rated . This helmet is DOT only.Just thought I 'd clear up some misinformation , please check the AFX website and fix your description .
 This product worked perfectly at first . On our most recent road trip , however , the fan died and the unit would constantly overheat . It would stop outputting power , unless I kept it directly in front of an AC vent . I remember the fan being loud before , but now I cant even hear it .
 I bought this product for the sole porpose of using it on 14-hour flight with my two small children to watch movies . It did not work . I would really give NO star .
 the product is great but instead of showing a picture of 2 shocks put a picture of what u are actually over paying for ... just one .
 If this product has the same battery as the Black and Decker VEC157BD , than stay away from it.And is thus equipped with a lead acid battery . Which will die within the first year of usage . I used the VEC157BD only when we are traveling with the RV so thats only 3 to 4 times a year . The battery is already dead and finding a replacement is impossible . And btw replacing the battery is not easy at all and will take some technical experience which is not for everyone.The type of battery is of course totally wrong as that should have been a lithium battery.If you already own one that do not deplete the battery all the way stay above 45 % depletion . It might last you more that a year.Anyway total waist of money and a perfect flashlight going to the landfill .
 The helmet is not ECE 22.05 rated . This helmet is DOT only.Just thought I 'd clear up some misinformation , please check the AFX website and fix your description .
 Note
 These are heavy stiff Herman Munster boots . I would not want a breakdown and have to walk anywhere in them . I returned them and Amazon has a great return Policy .
 First the good
 The floor mats do n't have the holes in them to hook onto - misleading man , misleading ... go somewhere else to buy your mats .
 Side window ventvisors are intended to allow the user to lower and raise the side windows of a car a small distance , without rain or snow getting into the car . The older design by Lund -LRB- AVS -RRB- mounted on the area immediately surrounding the top of the window using a secure adhesive strip . This left the channel clear for the window 's movement , but gave the ventvisor a bulgy shape , protruding from the side of the car 's doors.This new design is intended to give a slicker look , mounting the ventvisors inside the window channel , reducing their protrusion . They do look great , BUT the thickness of the plastic at the inside front and rear edges of each ventvisor protrude into the window 's path , so they block the window from rising , and force the user to push them away from the window by hand to allow the window to rise past them.If the window is lowered only a small amount -LRB- less than the height of the ventvisor -RRB- , then this is not a problem , but if the window must be lowered beyond the bottom edge of the ventvisor -LRB- such a would be needed for tossing coins into a tollbooth -RRB- , then returning the window to it 's upper position becomes a real problem.I 'll stick with the older design , regardless of the bulgy looks .
 Definitely do not buy this product ... do not try to install it yourself.My brother bought this for his Suzuki Forenza and ended up paying more than what he bargained for afterwards .
 It might be nice if the seller would include the dimensions of the carpet . Why would anyone buy a product without knowing what they were getting ????
 The instructions are generic to the product , meaning they just do n't tell you some of the key details . For the fronts it is necessary to loosen up the side view mirror trim . You must pop off the tweeter trim piece from inside and loosen 2 nuts with a metric socket . Same with the rear windows-you need to loosen up the back of the window trim by accessing from an interior trim piece.Even with that the driver 's side front fitment was very tight and the first time the window went up it shattered the bottom edge of the Vent Visor at the window rear . The rear Vent Visors also do not push up far enough into the window moulding so the window scrapes the bottom edge each time it goes down past the VVisor and back up.I ca n't recommend these to a 2005-2011 Equinox owner . We let them sit for almost 2 full days for the tape to stick well up into the window mouldings , the Equinox is just too tight at the tops for these to fit adequately all the way .
 I did not order these through Amazon , just wanted to give review for these . First off the quality is terrible ! extremely thin and very easy to scratch even new out of the box they had tons of scratches just from the packaging . The first thing I did was to dry fit them just to get a idea as to what I was looking at as far as fit . The fit could n't have been any worse I simply could not understand which groove they were supposed to go in I tried every way possible and even at it 's best fit I just knew these were going to be bad.I only attempted putting in the back rear , I took off the tape and put them in best I could . I tried rolling up the window several times only to see them come off on one side or the other . Thinking that somehow it was up to the window to actually pop these in I tried rolling the window up as slowly as I could to see if they would snap into place . Needless to say the only thing that snapped was the deflector itself . This should have been such a easy job but turned into one of the most frustrating things I have ever done if I could give these a zero rating I would I will NEVER purchase or recommend any product from this manufacture .
 Product was made to go into channel of window , however , this did not work well with the Chevrolet Equinox . Window kept hitting the ventshade , finally took them off and stuck on the outside of the channel with 3M two sided molding tape . Not designed that way , but it worked .
 i was not happy when I received this product . The picture on the website clearly shows 2 eyelets at the bottom of the floormat to be able to fit over the hook in the floor of my vehicle . -LRB- to keep it form sliding -RRB- When I received the floormat set they were obviously a cheaper knock off without the eyelets .
 Without a size I dont know if it would fit so I cant buy it oh well .
 Bought a 3A racing dual clamp on tip in fall 2009 for my 6 mnth old vehicle . It installed easy enough and looked pretty good . However , I soon noticed that the finish was not staying `` shiny '' and began to look dull and somewhat pitted . Then winter came with salt on roads and good night . This thing has rust spots everywhere . I have to polish it every 2 weeks just to get the rust off that has accumulated . Every 2 wks , rust spots -LRB- and we are talking as large as 3/8 '' -RRB- are back again . Frankly it looks pretty bad.I have had aftermarket and OEM stainless tips on my cars for 12 years , and NEVER has any been so unresistant to the elements as this one , and NOT ONE has ever rusted on the stainless surface . Yes , bolts of bolt on models have rusted , but never the actual stainless surface.Several attempts to email 3A racing with pictures resulted in NO reply . Great customer service.I can not recommend any 3A tips . Quality of their `` stainless '' is very inferior . Pay a bit more and get something of quality so you do n't have to deal with this hassle .
 This product does not fit in my car and I bought it because the product tell me
 So I decided that the reviews of products when they come right out of the box and are still shiny and new are pretty worthless -- especially for this item . We 've now had it for a year and taken it on three road trips.So first off , it was n't that hard to put together -- once I downloaded instructions online -- since they did n't come with the product . Oh , and I should mention that they were NOT available on the manufacturer 's web site . I had to find them on a third party site.It is n't complicated to mount and remove from the rack on my mini van , but it does take around 25 minutes . It 's actually fairly simple with the exception that some of the nuts provided with the mounting hardware are not threaded smoothly and are difficult to hand tighten -LRB- as they are intended to be hand tightened this is mildly annoying -RRB- . The carrier worked fabulously -- once . On our second outing , the fiberglass piece that is used to hold the rear of the carrier up and stiff punched right through the side of the carrier . The subsequent collapse of the rear end of the carrier and the fiberglass piece poking out and flailing in the wind caused the top of the carrier to become shreded . So now I have mended it with duct tape . I seem to have had pretty good luck with a water proof/UV resistant duct tape -- cheap duct tape just dries up in the sun and then peels off and has to be reapplied regularly . Though the good duct tape still requires frequent checking and occasional touch up.As far as the cover goes which is supposed to allow you to keep the cover on top of your vehicle while not in use , we have used the cover on two occasions now , and the seams are starting to come apart . Especially where the strap that passes across the bottom feeds into the buckle on the opposite side . Also , the cover has enough loose parts that when you are travelling at high speeds -LRB- sometimes as low as 25 mph -RRB- they vibrate against the top of my van causing loud noise and for all I know permanent damage to my paint job . Perhaps if you have higher clearance under your roof rack , this would n't be a problem . For my 2001 Toyota Sienna , however , definitely not enough clearance for the vibrating floppy bits on the cover and the handles built into the sides of the carrier itself . The handles are not needed and currently I just have them duct taped up against the carrier to avoid them vibrating as well.All in all , I would not buy this product again -LRB- and I wish I had n't bought it in the first place -RRB- . I wanted to avoid buying a fully rigid carrer due to storage limitations when it would not not be in use . I liked the collapsible design and the front piece that adds rigidity and in theory adds to the aeordynamics and improved gas mileage , but just too many negatives with this item for me .
 Took this on a trip to Colorado from Ohio.Negative
 On the surface this seemed reasonably well designed . I am an artist/crafter doing outdoor shows and I needed more storage space to haul my wares . When I received the box -LRB- I bought it directly fro Rola -RRB- the aluminum frame was defective as only one side would lock . To Rola 's credit , they immediately shipped out a complete replacement . It was difficult to figure out how to assemble it from the directions , but not impossible . Tightening and untightening the u-bolts in the front is a pain but the alternative would be to fold it down and put up with the noise that it generates . When not completely full it flaps mightily in the wind . And it is water resistant , not waterproof.It lasted reasonably well for about 6 shows and then it started to make a rattling noise . At first I thought it was the handles flapping but taping them up did no good . Listening to tap-tap-tap-tap-tap for 4 hours is definitely not fun . Then this past weekend I was traveling on the highway when a vehicle pulled up beside me , honking their horn and pointing to my roof . I pulled over and like many previous owners have posted , the white support piece of plastic had poked through the vinyl and was flapping in the breeze . The movement of this flapping had opened the back zipper . Luckily I had n't yet had my wares strewn down the highway . That was it for me . I could have used the duplicate cover that I got in the replacement , but I 've decided to Craigs list this one . I 'm off today to investigate the Thule Sidekick which is only a few dollars more .
 I gave a star because I had to.The carrier came in , only in tthe seller box , it had very large holes all over.The aluminum frame did n't fit one inside the other , this caused the fabric to rip.It was very diffucult to assembly and then we just could n't secure it to our SUV , we wasted a lot of time and effort.I had to buy a large box to send it back and return this item.The only good thing
 It is difficult to assemble . The instructions are very bad . It needs to be more rigid on top when in the carry position . Handles and extra buckles need restraints or they whip in the wind .
 You pretty much have to pack this thing 100 % full in order to avoid the unit flapping wildly from the wind . The plastic batten that is used to arch the rear of the unit ripped completely through the material on its maiden voyage . It also came unzipped by itself , due to the wind tunnel effects ; I had to affix a cable tie to the two zipper pulls in order for it to stay shut . In all , this piece of trash is far from trouble-free . I expect to be able to pack my cargo , lock it -LRB- locking this unit is not an option -RRB- , then be on my way and forget about it . Instead , this pile of garbage ripped , came open , allowed the cargo to get wet and to top it off , ruined my fuel mileage much worse than a hard shell unit I had prior to this . What a mistake . Go with a Yakima unit , which is what I should have done . Live and learn .
 This arrived in a box that had been previously opened and re-taped as well as squashed . The product looks to be very stable and well made . It would be nice to see some detailed pictures or a description as to what the various attgachments are for and how to use them.I read the directions and it 's hard to figure out what 's to be used for what.Frankly I 'm a bit dissapointed in Amazon regarding this product . I will try to assemble and figure out . If not , it 's going back !
 The unit arrived without any outer packing , just in the point of sale type box . That was not sturdy enough to hold and despite FedX adding tape during shipping , there were several wide-open gaps in the box when I received it.Expecting the worst , I immediately began assembly to make sure there were no parts missing.Assembly is not easy . Instructions are clear . The time involved is mostly spent trying to stretch the fabric enough to jam the aluminum frame in . Once completed , the unit appeared to be well made and pretty much what I expected.Here 's when the major problem developed . I attempted to place it on my MDX and the holes would not line up with the factory installed roof rack . This was a surprise since I had called and confirmed that it would fit . It does not.I called Rola tech support and after some research a helpful tech told me that for some reason the unit had been redesigned since being tested with the MDX . Hole placement has changed . Well , I have now tested the unit with an MDX -LRB- o4 -RRB- and it does not fit.I will attempt to mend the box enought to ship it back .
 We read reviews for this product -LRB- Rola 59150 Carrier -RRB- and they looked pretty good so we bought it . It was great in size and it was n't loud so we liked it . After 3 car trips 6 hours each we noticed a LOT of holes all over the carrier . My husband took put it on & took it off in the dark the first 2 times so he did n't notice any then . We stored in a garage , never drove with it empty and did n't pack it too full or too empty . We sent amazon an email about 60 days after we bought it and they shipped another at no charge . We sent the damaged one back to amazon w / a free ship label they sent us . The second one had holes after just 1 car ride and the weather conditions were perfect . We submitted a refund request and shipped the package back to amazon again . Amazon refunded us a partial refund of 85 % because we did n't return the opened product within 30 days originally . We were fine with this . Yes this is a great size and it 's easy to store , take on & off and it 's not loud - but it got holes right away so it 's completely useless . The only good thing about this product is that amazon was so great with the exchange and refund . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . We 're going to buy a hard top now .
 After much research for a car top carrier for my 2012 Honda Odyssey EXL , I found this product which showed that it would fit . I was excited to give it a try when it arrived . Putting the unit together was relatively easy . Unfortunately , the holes for the brackets did not line up at all on the crossbars of my roof rack -LRB- the cross bars do not adjust -RRB- . This will NOT work for 2012 Honda Odyssey EXL . Even if it did , after seeing how thin the material is on the inside that rubs against the bottom frame , I would be concerned that it would wear through with just a few uses .
 I purchased this carrier to take on a road trip over Christmas . Only two hours into a 12 day trip the drivers side zipper broke . Luckily the kids did n't notice and I was able to spend an entire day trying to re-wrap the gifts that were n't completely ruined by water ! We fought the stupid thing every time we had to use it . The straps were too long and even after adjusting them , they rubbed the paint on my new car as we drove . We had to hold our belongings in with Duct Tape and several things got wet again on the ride home . I 'm terribly disappointed in this product . I have returned mine asking fora refund . I do not recommend .
 I purchased this item for a long road trip across the U.S. and Mexico . On my first trip it started falling apart the stitching is weak and from the metal frame inside it started ripping . I never recommend this item to anyone just spend the extra money and get a hard shell cargo carrier .
 We bought this carrier for a trip from So . Cal to Kansas . It fit great on our Mercury Mariner and the metal frame mounts securely to the roof rack with no tools . The front is streamlined some what . I really did n't notice any gas mileage hit at all . Problem is it broke down along the way . The back has a thin metal bracket that helps expand the top of the carrier . This bracket poked itself through the wall lining causing the bag to collapse in the rear . The top then deteriorated and five rips/tears appeared after about three states . The wind whipped it pretty good causing the rubberized material to flake off like paint chips . We folded it flat like the instructions show and used the supplied cover on the way back . The cover ripped up on the way back so I used tie downs to prevent any more damage . I do think I can use this one more time with tie downs , but of course , the weather proofing is gone . Next time I 'll spring for the hard carrier !
 I purchased this item and had just a little trouble getting it put together due to lack of instructions . Once together I thought it was a great solution to my car 's small trunk space . However after using this I realized I was wrong , because it leaked when it rained and now the material is starting to wear away on the top of the carrier . I 've had it for only 6 months and used it 5 times . I really wish I would have bought a hard case carrier vs the Rola Folding one . I 'm very disappointed that I wasted my money on this .
 The first time we used this , it worked great on top of our 2004 Honda Accord . Loved that it folded down while we were at our destination , kept our things dry in rain , and for the price , it worked . On our second trip , with less gear , the front horizontal support bar pushed through the passenger side . I pulled over for gas and had what looked like a 12 inch flag pole sticking out the side . It had pushed through the red `` reinforced '' pocket and the material itself . I had some duck tape and fixed it and the next time we pulled over , it had pushed through the duck tape and through the drivers side . We finished our trip with it sticking out both sides . The holes are too wide to cover , and now I am purchasing another one -LRB- Thule , NOT Rola -RRB- for this years trip . Disappointed with this product !
 Initially this product was a great alternative to an expensive hard shell carrier . It was easy to install , the frame is strong , and the access and space is excellent . However , the zippers are extremely poor quality , not suitable for such a large and flexible item . The zippers often split apart and the material holding them has started to tear . When its cold it is very difficult to grip the small zipper pulls . They buckle and are extremely hard to close . With a torn zipper , this product with its other great features , becomes completely useless - unless you do n't mind your stuff all over the road behind you .
 Lights work great but the covers that came with the kit were not the ones that were shown in the picture of the product -- which is why i oredered this kit , now i have to order the ones i want to match my other lights at 18 bucks for a single cover .
 Product says it has a 3 '' inlet which means in the automotive world it should slip over a 3 '' tail pipe . Not so ! Yes the inlet is dead on 3 `` s same size as tail pipe and thats just the start . The way the clamp system is made for this item it can only be used on a 2 1/2 '' tail pipe the way it comes . I 'm a retired ASE Master Auto Light and Heavy Truck Tech , so I knew how and had the special tools to modify the tips and weld them to my 3 '' tail pipes.The average person even if he/she has the knowledge do n't have the special tools to use the things . This was the most misleading add for a product like this I 've ever saw . You need to show clear photos of the inlet and clamping systems of these tips and tell the truth about what they fit . I will say this after two hours a tip so I could use the they are the best looking tips I 've ever had , and they do stop the popping from a high performance engine with headers on it .
 The lights are great and I was really impressed with the quality when I installed them , but now I 've had them for less than a month and the two screws -LRB- that hold the lens on ? -RRB- on each light have begun to rust . I live in an area where we have n't had snow yet so the roads have n't been salted . I did n't even notice those screws when I installed the lights - it was the rust that caught my attention !!! So I emailed KC HiLiTES basically saying what I just said above . I was n't making a warranty claim , just wondering if that is normal . A company that cared about its customers and its reputation might have sent out an apology or at best , a set of new screws . Instead , I received this terse reply -LRB- verbatim -RRB- : `` Screws are not stainless steel , I have them on my vehicle and the screws will show rust but that is what will happen over time . If it is an issue , get some stainless screws at your local hardware store , we do not have any to send you . `` No kidding they are not stainless , that 's why they are rusted . And I understand that screws will rust `` over time '' , but does that include less than 30 days out of the box ? I do n't live by the ocean . Anyway , the KC lights work well , but I would n't buy them again for three reasons :1 -RRB- Customer service believes that if rusty screws on a brand new product are `` an issue '' , I can fix it myself . They did n't even tell me what size screws I need - I 'll have to figure that out for myself . Even so , I doubt I 'll find black screws , so I 'll need to paint them myself if I want them to match .2 -RRB- The reply that I received from KC HiLiTES bordered on rude
 These lights die not perform like the manufacturer said . They thru out a narrow beam instead of the wide flood that they should have .
 Did not receive the three sets of lenses , kc switch , kc covers , or a choice of lights that were described . Amazon needs to stop lying to loyal customers . Consumers be careful .
 What good is quick delivery when you get your items and they are not as described in Amazons advertisement for whats in the kit . I ordered the KC516 and KC517 kits , The KC516 is a complete kit , exactly as advertised . The KC517 is not the same as described , The instructions state your have to order the auxiliary wiring harness -LRB- KC 6303 , add on kit -RRB- which has a switch to turn on and off the lights , THIS IS IMPORTANT for anyone that may backup into water , you ca n't turn off the lights and you could short out your electrical system . Also absent is the KC light covers and the 2 other sets of lens . All that stuff comes with the KC516 set . If you do n't need the switch , lens , and covers , then you will like these lights , mine are still in the box because I need that switch but I really liked the quality of the lights for the price . I 'm going to demand Amazon honor it ad . I like the kit that much , I do n't want to send it back . It 's Amazons mistake and they need to correct their description of the product on their site . I hope Amazon places this review in the most helpful category because you need to know about the differences in the kits . For your reference the KC516 is $ 92 and the KC517 is $ 66 They are both the same size , but only the 517 is for reverse and has flood light lens . Otherwise the 516 would be a better deal with all the extras it come with . UP DATE
 I ordered the back up lights twice and both times recieved the wrong part.Summit racing apparently ca n't read part numbers on orders . Amazon has been exceptional in their help to get me a refund , but I still do n't have the part I wanted .
 When i received this shipment it was the wrong item . I then tried to return it but our post master told us the barcode that was given to me was not regestered . The company that sold this to me still owes me over $ 60 . Do not buy from them they just ship u any old thing if they dont have what u want .
 I purchased these for my 2012 F150 pickup . Anyone who has a recent model F150 knows what I am talking about - the back-up lamps on that vehicle are decorative at best - they throw no light behind the vehicle . I also tow a 30 ' travel trailer , so having bright floodlights that throw backup light off to the side is nice since backing into a campsite at night is always tricky . So the lights are mounted at an angle.The package comes with everything you need - wiring , relay , etc. . I have my own wiring harness and control module , so I did n't use the included relay or wiring . I was really only interested in the lights . Installation on the F150 is very easy , because the vehicle already has mounting holes in the trailer hitch frame . I am guessing the engineers at Ford anticipated this requirements . It took me about 30 minutes to install the lights and connect them to my pre-wired harness.I was immediately disappointed with the light they threw . These are * NOT * flood lights , as advertised . They are spot lights . They throw a tightly focused spot beam , which means they only illuminate a narrow region of the field of view behind me as I back up . They are * NOT * at all suitable as back-up lights . They are so limited in their field of illumination that I am taking them off the truck , and I will mount them on the back of the trailer itself . I will buy better replacement lights for the truck - probably wide field LED lights.If I had n't cut the wires to splice into my existing wiring harness , I would have returned these . I recommend you do * NOT * purchase these as back-up lights .
 save your money . cheap plastic stuff that wont work . it wont stay on the mirror it is supposed to attach to . falls off blows off .
 Does not fit my 2000 Chev C2500 truck.Besides that , if it did fit I 'm not convinced about the clasping design and how it would hold but apparently other reviewers think it fits fine so maybe it 's just because it does n't fit my mirrors.I now have , for me , a pair of completely useless extension mirrors .
 but the tool thats helps u find the right one for your truck said this was the one i needed , that tool needs to be fixed
 Passenger side was fine , but the driver 's side was stripped or something . The plastic thumbwheel screw only went 1/2 way in before there was little tension and did n't continue to tighten .
 While a coworker of mine has these mirrors and loves them , I can not share his excitement . When purchasing these towing mirrors , they smartly ask for the make , model , year , etc of your vehicle to presumably match the correctly sized product to your specific vehicle . I thought this was such a smart idea that when I received the product I tore them out of the box , did the peel-and-stick pad onto the fastening brace , and threw away the packaging , assuming that they would fit . When I went out to install them the next morning -LRB- the day before a long weekend camping trip towing our 5th wheel -- I was so eager to get/use these that I paid for express shipping -RRB- I was suprised to find that they did n't fit . I tried a number of physic-defying approaches , since my coworker had said that they go on `` kind of snug at first '' , but once I got the tape measure out and measured the depth of the mirror vs. the product , I saw that there was no way these would work . Upon further investigation , the company said that according to their specifications , this is the correct product for my truck -LRB- it is stock , with the original factory mirrors -RRB- . So , I can recommend them based on my coworkers word
 Does NOT fit a 2001 Chevy Blazer even though it said it would . Good return policy though ... hence the extra star .
 After using the provided program , to make sure that they would fit my veicle , I purchased these mirrors . Guess what . THEY DO N'T FIT !!!! No problem . I just return them . WHAT !? You want to charge me to return them ? Because it 's not your fault that I want to return them . Guess what . It is your fault . I would n't have purchased them if you had n't told me that they would 've fit.Thanks a lot .
 Items are very Cheaply made , and hard to install . Better off to upgrade to the factory towing mirrors . Saves you time and money .
 Not as described by K&N , way larger and useless to me . I 'm stuck with it . Called K&N and got no help .
 Besides the smell , which my wife does not appreciate , I really did n't have an opinion one way or the other as it seemed to work OK but not really any better than the generic blue wiper fluid . But when winter blew in , my opinion went from `` OK '' to `` Prestone , what the HECK were you thinking ???? '' I now have three cars with windshield reservoirs with frozen and unusable slush . Apparently Prestone saves money by not formulating the bug wash with anti-freeze and it froze on me - creating a challenging and dangerous situation.I WILL NEVER BUY BUG WASH AGAIN !!!!
 cheap , cheesy , dont really stay on well and the mirror on the extension should be convex , not flat ! What were they thinking ? i could not recommend this product to anyone . I sent them rite back , put on two spot mirrors and the problem was solved . However ... the paint on my stock mirrors will be forever scrached having tried this product .
 I needed to install this after my antenna cable on my ford ranger rotted out . I was unable to fish a new cable using the old one so I need a new antenna . I read the reviews and this seemed to be good for my application . It does not work as good as the factory antenna . I live about 50 miles west of NYC and 60 miles north of Philadelphia and I would be able to pick up stations from either city depending on what side of the mountain I was on . Now neither come in and my local stations come in with static . Once I am within 20 miles of NYC it works fine .
 Got off to a bad start with this transaction - the seller did n't put enough postage on the package , so I had to waste over an hour and $ 1.79 to collect it from the local post office . I was not impressed.I was also not impressed with the way this antenna works either - it does increase the signal strength , but it also increases the noise so there is only a marginal improvement.I am still looking for a better solution .
 Shipping was timely , the until came packaged adequately.There was a small amount of text on the Label to the Package that indicated that the extra wire should be connected to a power source and that the Radio should be properly grounded.I have connected this Antenna to my power for the Radio , I have connected it to the Antenna input on the back of the Stereo and althought I get some signals input is is very weak . I can barely pick up any stations unless my car is sitting still.The antenna did not come with any suggestions of where to connect the unit that would provide the best signal input so as it lays below my Dash Board I am unsure if I should use the Double sided tape connection.The antenna also did not come with any directions regarding if the double sided tape is conductive and would work best if pressed against a metal surface or if it does not matter and could be pressed against plastic or if I chose to have it exposed if it would work against Glass.I think it would be better if there were some directions regarding the best location to connect the base unit to as well as if it would be best to keep the entire unit under the Dash or run the wires out through the firewall and connect it under the Hood , or run the wires out and connect the unit somewhere in the rear of the car for increased Signal Strength .
 I ordered a new Metra brand hidden antenna , however I received a used/or returned Antenna Works brand antenna packaged in a dirty sandwich bag . In the bag was an obviously not new antenna and the remnants of a Antenna Works package label . Complete scam and waste of my time and money . -LRB- by the way this is your second request for my review , which I previously sent -RRB- Too bad ... I am now reluctant to do further business with Amazon .
 Did not fit . outlet of filters does not match carb dimensions at all . Perhaps there is an adapter that is needed as well . Listing did not mention thi sat all
 The product did not fit my car like they said it would it does not fit the Yukon Denali 2001 and up bit other than that it was new arrived on time
 The product is a soft peice of rubber with two strips of double face tape to hold it on . The tape is always coming off causinf the tailgate protector to fall off . It is only a matter of time before it comes off while I am driving .
 The product was awful didnt stick to truck had to cut to make fit didnt the width was to short etc
 I bought these towing mirrors for my 2008 Dodge Ram . They were very easy and quick to install . However , the glass mirrors vibrate so badly that the image in the mirror is blurry . In fact , it is so blurry from the vibration of driving down the road that you ca n't see a clear image of the trailer that you are pulling . I returned these mirrors to Amazon because they are completely useless . Does n't the manufacturer test these before they place them on the market ? Shame on them . Spend the money and buy the factory towing mirrors instead . They cost an arm and a leg , but they work , unlike this product .
 To prevent the mirror from vibrating , I had to put a lot of foam around and in behind . I would n't buy it a second time . Pay more and go for the real stuff !
 I was hoping I had found an inexpensive alternative mirror for towing the travell trailer . I was partially correct , it was inexpensive . They look good and the mounting to the factory mirrors is rock solid . The problem is in the CIPA mirror itself . The mount for the actual mirror in the housing is not very good and allows the mirror to vibrate so bad driving down the road that you can barely see anything . Even at idle in my diesel truck there is a little vibration , I can tap on the inside of my door and these things just bounce around with no movement from the factory mirrors . The only thing these mirrors are good for is backing , so if that 's all you need they will work , other than that do n't waste your money or time .
 I got these mirrors after verifying with Cipa customer service that they would fit my '08 Dodge and calling my Dealership and asking if my mirrors were the same as ' 06 . All was good to go . Got the mirrors and they fit perfect , Black plastic housings were solid as a rock and looked great . Had to fold them in to back out of my garage the next morning before sun up . Got out to the four lane and headlights , from cars behind me , in the Cipa mirrors bounced up and down an inch in either direction , -LRB- My Dodge were not vibrating at all -RRB- I reached out and put my finger between the plastic housing and the actual cipa mirror itself , and it all stopped . Their housings are stable but The mirror is mounted to a very unstable mount inside . These mirrors jiggle so bad you ca n't make out anything in them at all . I did as was asked by the gal in customer service and e-mailed her with my feedback . I told her the whole story and she seemed at the time very interested , and would get back with me . After no response in a few days I e-mailed her and asked what she found out and why are these mirrors the only ones that have bad reviews . She said her tech 's said it was my '08 Dodge Ram that was vibrating too much ... LOL . BUT she would send me some foam pads to dampen the vibration . After a week I e-mailed her again since I had not received anything , She said that she would send some more . That was almost two weeks ago and obviously there was nothing sent . I can sit these mirrors on a table and flick the housing with my finger and watch the mirror in it jiggle for several seconds , kind of like a bobble head . I definitely would not recommend these mirrors to anyone , and should have paid attention to the other reviews .
 Had to tape the things on to keep them with me . They need a better attachment system . Also the mirrors vibrate to the point of being useless ,
 Worthless if you back into your garage and the garage door is open , Laser beam is so weak you ca n't see it .
 Had to return Item , the site says this item will fit a 2011 Ford Explorer and it does not as soon as I opened the box , the package stated 02-10 Ford Explorer . I opened just to check and since this is a redesigned model they dont fit .
 The website claimed this would fit my '02 Sport Trac in the little drop menu . Wrong!It may fit the Explorer Sport , but it was the wrong size for my vehicle .
 It worked for a couple months . Then one day , I went to unlock it from my steering wheel and the key would n't turn . I tried every key that came with the product and none would work . So guess what my cousin did ... he took a saw to it and took it off my steering wheel for me . So , I 'm thinking , it was n't as anti-theft as I assumed and was n't worth the money .
 I purchased these for my husband for Christmas and , after opening and appling the front window ones , the back ones we found are curved ... but his back windows are not . The pictures on the box and instructions are straight as well . Totally confused and very disappointed . Trying to figure out how to contact seller -LRB- amazon -RRB- on how to fix .
 dont buy from this store they double charge u so i 53 plus 53 106 bucks and they keep ur credit card info so they charge dont buy from them i want my 53.23 back my contact email is evoking516@aol.com i would like the money back name ricky
 The towing mirrors installed nicely and stayed on the entire round-trip of 2,400 miles pulling a trailer . However , the mirrors vibrated so badly that they became useless at highway speeds . They were difficult to adjust since the mirrors interfered with their surrounding plastic frames and would not stay adjusted during the trip . Also , the mirrors were too small for practical use . The product would have been much better if a stationary convex mirror had been used .
 Although fit was tight and good -LRB- so tight it marred the mirrors finish -RRB- the extension allowed me to see around the TT , but vibrated so much you could n't see anything but forms ...
 The helmet is not ECE 22.05 rated . This helmet is DOT only.Just thought I 'd clear up some misinformation , please check the AFX website and fix your description .
 The helmet is not ECE 22.05 rated . This helmet is DOT only.Just thought I 'd clear up some misinformation , please check the AFX website and fix your description .
 I bought this hitch following the CURT website and Amazon.com fit specifications . It is supposed to fit my car , IT DOES NOT FIT , the exhaust cut out does not leave room for the exhaust and the drivers side mount holes are off by an inch.I called CURT and the man on the phone basically told me I was wrong or that I had some sort of anomaly of a Subaru that had different mounting holes . He said they are all fit tested on every car , well if they fit tested this on a 97 Impreza they would know that not only are the mounting holes spaced improperly but the exhaust does not fit up into the space provided , a poor design coupled with sub par customer service equals a company to be avoided . Very disappointed as I need this on my car by the beginning of next week and do not have time to order another .
 This hitch DOES NOT FIT a 2001 or 2000 Impreza RS !!!! And after reading the other reviews , does n't fit the Impreza 97-2001 . Based upon the Amazon 's fitment guide and Curt 's website I purchased this and had it shipped quickly -LRB- Shipping was great -RRB- . The holes are off on the driver 's side by about an inch and the exhaust is not able to hang without rubbing against the driver 's side of the hitch.I am heading out west for a trip next week and had to make this one work . It require me to re-drill and cut the driver 's side mounting hole . For the exhaust I could only drop the exhaust to the lower mount on hitch and left off the right side muffler hanger . When I return , I 'll have to cutout a section of the driver 's drive mounting area and drill a new hole for it to hang in the stock location . This was NOT a 30 minute install , which it would have been it it really fit the car.Once I got the new holes/slots drilled it does seem like it will work , but definitely not an easy fit .
 It really does not work with your dent.It might be useful on a big dent , but do not try on a dent that smaller that dime size.But !!! I can use the glue gun for other purpose ^ ^
 At first glance , this bumpersticker is a humorous rejoinder to all those `` My child is an honor student '' bumperstickers . The second star is for the humor , sick though it is.BUT this sticker also glorifies bullying . Bullying is a serious , non-laughing matter in schools all over the U.S. Had bullying been taken seriously , the Columbine massacre and others likely would have never happened . Also , if you have a child and buy this sticker , think of the message this message send to him -LRB- or her -RRB-
 installed these on a 1996 dodge ram 1500 4x4 ... this was supposed to add 1.5 to 2.5 inches of lift.we measured before and after and it was only 1 inch ... not very satisfied with that.the components seem to be good quality and the fit was perfect ... too bad they underestimated the lift .
 I bought these bulbs thinking it would have a Cool `` BLUE '' look to my car but it looks like the same stock yellow lights .
 I bought these and the 9006Cb and they do n't have a hint of blue in its illumination contrary to the marketing claims on the packaging and were n't much different in brightness from the OEM.Buy only if you need replacements .
 NOT Blue , Silver , or any other color that is n't the regular yellowish white you 'd expect in cars . Calling it `` blue '' is absurd .
 These blue headlights suck , nothing blue about them.You will get the blues if you order them waste of money . I would never recommend this product to anyone .
 I also bought these lights and have the same opinion as the other people , they are not blue and I spent money for nothing but new bulbs . Save your money if you are thinking about this product .
 I installed a pair yesterday and there is nothing &#34; Cool Blue &#34; about it . It 's a standard bulb that emits that standard yellowish light and not the blue/bright white light that I was expecting . It works and that all .
 I ordered driver and passenger mirrors . The passenger mirror had a textured finish while the driver mirror was smooth . The price is right , but these are much cheaper feeling compared to the OEM mirrors and about half the weight .
 i bought this items for 2 of them but it made from china which is low quality.i do n't recommend to buy this item.Becasue it costs more than thier quality .
 The order clearly shows 2 rotors that are either slotted or drilled and the product I recieved was only 1 rotor , plain .
 This product is for a stamped steel control arm . There was n't an option available at the time I made my purchase for the aluminum control arm . Moog has always produced fine equipment and I will continue to purchase Moog . A better description of the product would have been would have made for a more pleasant experience .
 I do not recommend this product at all . There is no scent to it , so it 's just a waste of space -LRB- and money -RRB- .
 The Freshner never worked . Good look though.given two stars only for the looks .
 I expected more scent from this thing , and I have had it in my car for 2 months , and I can barely smell this thing . And now the oil or something at the bottom is changing colors ... like it 's dirty . It was a waste of money !
 Belt size is one of the most important things you can do to make a snowmobile run well or not . This thing is not even close to what the belt charts said it should be . Get it right or dont sell it .
 Does n't come with tail gate piece as pictured in the ad . I am disappointed in that it shows it in ad but does not come ? Do n't get it ?
 According to the product page after entering vehicle info , this muffler is supposed to fit a 98 Civic Hatch . Unfortunately this is not the case . It is way too long .
 The pipe which connects to the resonator part is not bended at the right angle . because of this there is a gap in the junction and gasket does n't help . i 'll try to insulate with Teflon tape , but i do n't know if it helps . Wagner should do better quality control with their products .
 This item did not work , I tried did not get it to work . I took it to a shop and no one there could get it to work either .
 I tried and tried to get the thing to work to no avail ! I looked online for more instructions , put new batteries , the fob just dosent work . I 'm going to return it .
 Ordered 2 units , one works fine the other -LRB- identical -RRB- does n't . Changed battery etc , still nothing , price was great but considering one of two does n't work it cost twice as much
 This seemed like a good deal on a made in the USA tool . Until I received it . This is the impact driver only . No case . No bits . No drive socket . No bueno.I 'm returning this and need to order another to finish the project . Lame.Update
 Product was mis-shipped and little help to correct issue from supplier was received . Only impact base unit was received in a cardboard box and no red plastic box or screw driver attachments included as was advertised in product photo . Supplier was made aware but did nothing to correct so I am very unhappy with this supplier and will never buy something from them again . A Life lesson was learned about this supplier in this case .
 product is not as pictured . You only get the impact part of the driver . Useless unlett you have the other parts . I was looking for a full set , as pictured .
 I guess I should have read the other reviews , Guys a crooks shows a whole kit all you get is the driver , no tip holder , no bits , no case . -LRB- RIPP OFF !!!! -RRB- Guess i 'll go back to E-Bay they would have pulled this guy along time ago and would n't have let him continue ripping honest people off . DONT BUY FROM THIS SCAMMER !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lisle 29000 3/8 '' Hand Impact Tool
 You can see the photo consists of a blow molded case and accessories . That is not the case here . This is just the impact itself without accessories . Other wise a good product .
 I 'm usually pretty trusting when I see that Amazon.com is the seller . This habit failed me , however , as I neglected to read the reviews stating that the item was the driver only , with no 3/8 '' bit holder or case -LRB- as pictured -RRB- . As the other reviews state , this product will not be as you see pictured on the product page .
 They are junk , started to fall apart the 2nd week I had them , little pieces of rubber all over , had to throw them out . Amazon should be ashamed to sell this poor of a product
 I bought these at a local store for my truck and in less than a week the tread began breaking off the mats . Now where there was once tread , there are nice irregular shaped holes in the mats . The logos are even tearing off now ! Avoid these like the plague !
 These were purchased as a Christmas gift for my son . When he opened them this morning for Christmas , one floormat was torn almost completely in half and the other was partially torn . How do I go about getting my money back or a replacement ??????????
 Unfortunately i have to agree with all the negative review . I am amaze that amazon is still selling this item after all the negative remarks . Purchase these mats for my honda crv and a friend saw thm and practically beg for them because it matches his interior so i sold it to him.Two days later he return them all torn and with holes .
 My son opened his Christmas gift to find floor mats that fall apart in your hand !!! Dry rotted rubber by chance ??? Then I ask for replacements and Amazon says they are out of stock but when I looked them up they are $ 5.00 cheaper and in-stock . All I wanted was my son to get his Christmas gift ... . I do n't want the money back I want quality merchandise sent to my son .
 These are truly a great product , but very hard to mount on a 335I BMW , they hang to low and can be broken easily . I would recommend strongly for trucks and vehicles that have more room under the vehicle .
 Ok , so I had the headlight covers that appear to be in the picture until i was hit by a deer and broke one . they were great , looked great , and just poped on and off over the regular headlight . I liked them soo much that I decided to buy another pair . The pair I recieved , however , was not what i thought it would be . What I got was 2 flat peices of black plastic shaped like headlights . There were mounting brackets with screws or sticky tape to secure to the car , and then velcro to secure the brackets to the headlight covers . I have not put them on my car yet -LRB- Im not very happy about stcking stuff to my car , and I 'm NOT going to put screw holes in the front bumper -RRB- , but I 'm not very optomistic about the look either .
 I received the box with the front plastic cover cracked , but with no damage on the amazon box . The tool looked used or had been scratched and marred during shipping . When I used the tool the first time there was a snap sound and it was broken.Complete garbage , considering it was twice as expensive as the Harbor fright version I purchased later in the day to replace it I expected better . The Harbor freight version worked perfectly .
 `` Tried '' to use it for the 1st time on 5/23/09 to remove 8 screws that hold the 4 brake rotors on a Honda Odyssey . 1st screw worked fine and the BIT BROKE ON THE 2ND ONE INSIDE THE HOLDER !!!!!!!!! NOT A VERY HIGH QUALITY TOOL .
 This tool probably has some value for those instances when the impact required to remove a stubborn screw is not so demanding . But , I found it totally useless to remove a screw securing my Audi TT brake rotor . Because this is basically a broad handled screwdriver , the unit can not be held solidly when striking the end . It automatically turns in your hand as it tries to loosen the screw . But , it is heavy . It 'll make a nice boat anchor .
 KC Hilites This is not item describedamazon refuses to change or removethat is why i am not using amazon anymorestill not correct decription 7-16-09light bulb burned out in 1 monthwater leaks in lightsstarted rusting in 1 week
 I wasted 2 cans of freon with this kit before I discovered it had been made wrong . There is a check valve in the tee that the gage is attached to.In my kit I could read the system pressure but the check valve would not allow the freon to go from the can into the system . Before you attach this kit to a can , and preferrablly before you buy it , open the fitting that attaches to the can and blow into it . You should feel air coming out the end that attaches to the low pressure fitting . If not try another or buy a different kit . The second kit I bought , made by interdynamics , also had a problem in that I had to push the low pressure connector onto the fitting to make it open the schrader valve and allow the freon in . I did get my AC recharged finally and it probably was a lot cheaper than paying some shop even with the two kits and 3 cans of freon but it was harder than it needed to be . Oh the joys of cheap stuff made in China !
 I bought this * & ^ % $ kiit thinking it would fit either my 2005 GMC van or my BMW 324 ... both have 14mm A/C fittings ... . but noooooooooooooooo this kit has 13.4 mm fitting . WTF ?????? Check your fittings befor you buy this kit !!! Mike CecchiniBethesda , Md. .
 Critical Review : Helicoil 5546-6 M6x1This is my first review on Amazon.com.I am a diy auto mechanic who takes pride in performing maintenance work on my BMW 325 xit , 2003 with 78k . Aluminum housing on auto transmission revealed failed pan bolt holes and redrilled all 20 to insert helicoils per manufacturer 's instructions.Unfortunately , despite following instructions per exact detail and insertion of coils 1/4 to 1/2 turn the coils did not remain in place as expected . Some coils extruded to the distal end and some retracted beyond the proximal end . Net result was failed sealing with new gasket in place despite tightening to torque spec . Had to re-insert coils at least two times and still was not successful in securing a satisfactory seal.Advice or recommendation
 I bought this from TopSalesDepot . There was no warranty card in the box and the only paper was a manual for a different model . Since it is a charging model , I hooked it to a brand new marine battery and plugged it in . The charging portion seems to have been working . I plugged a 300 watt work light into the unit . It worked fine . I unplugged unit from the wall and the inverter portion took over properly . I plugged it back in and tried the remote on/off . Again , it worked properly . I thought this was pretty good and wanted to show my son . When I hit the remote button it clicked and the blowers came on but the light did not . I turned it off and back on and it started beeping and I saw small sparks inside the unit through the blower hole.I tried calling the number listed for TopSalesDepot and got an answering machine for a company called Qaulitek . When I e-mailed TopSalesDepot requesting warranty information , I got a response saying I could send it back to them if I would tell him what was wrong with the unit . I sent basically the same information as you just read and did not get a response . I waited a couple of days and started e-mailing and calling everyday now for over a week . I have received no phone calls or e-mails since the first e-mail . One other thing to note , this is supposed to be capable of 20 amps . The outlets on the unit are the standard 15 amp receptacles and I 'm nearly certain that the 110 volt power cable is rated for only 15 amps .
 DO NOT use this company !!!!! I purchased an inverter from them which was very over-rated . It has taken me a total of thirteen emails to get to the point where I could send it back . I returned it after one test re-wrapped in the original plastic and in the box as if it had never been sold . The only way I knew they had received it was because of the return receipt I purchased . Now I am getting run in circles as far as getting my money back . After some research , I am finding out this company will delay you until your time runs out on being able to file an unauthorized purchase with the bank . I have also filed a complaint with the BBB .
 This power inverter is garbage . I bought it from Top Sales as a referbished one and tit did n't work on the ac side input . I took it apart and found that it was wired wrong . Fixed it my self , worked good for awhile then shorted out.no AC charger left . Looked at again and found all sorts of repairs were done to it.After reading other feed backs will not be sending it back will just see if I can find parts .
 I bought a 1000W Power inverter Charger Model PE-1000WC . The shipment arrived in ameture brown carton packaging . Chances are it was a return from someone else that was sent to me as new.I used it to back up a sump pump . It did not work . Never connected the pump to line power as it was supposed to and drained the battery . I was lucky that I caught it before my basement was flooded.Dealing with them is like pulling teeth . Phone calls go to voicemail and are never returned . e-mails were not answered until threatened with stop payment.I returned the item and am still waiting for a refund.NEVER DEAL WITH THIS DISHONEST RUDE COMPANY
 I ca n't really review the product because Amazon 's `` Make Sure It Fits '' stated that it goes on a 2008 Honda Accord . This is in fact not the case , but I found out after the return window . So go buy it from another website that can be trusted for auto parts .
 These mats were purchased for my mother 's car . They were extremely odorous when removed from the shipping box . My mother laid them outside for four days to allow them to air out . Once she placed them in the car the smell did return a bit . But she also found that it was difficult for her to move her foot from the accelerator to the brake due to the raised texture . So , she called the company , was issued a return authorization number and she shipped them off . Cost almost $ 20.00 to return and of course they only refunded the product cost to me ! So , these mats cost me $ 17.00 and cost my mother almost $ 20.00 to try them ! We wo n't make that mistake again !
 these were great 10 years agonow they make poly replacementsthat last longer and function betterand are easier to installwhy not make these obsolete ?
 I purchased these long range lights -LRB- KC Hilite 800 Rally 800 -RRB- to complement my other hilites -LRB- namely a pair of KC Hilite 802 Rally 800 - short range driving lights -RRB- , for a total of 4 KC lights on my Randy Ellis light bar -LRB- 2 lights per circuit -RRB- .4 months in , I noticed condensation in one of the lamps after driving for a couple of hours through heavy rain - not a good sign .6 months in , and the same lamp stops working altogether . The other long range lamp on the same circuit works just fine - must be a quality/build issue with the one lamp . Could be a faulty bulb , but Im suspicious of how well sealed these are -LRB- especially since I havent tinkered with them and they are still factory sealed -RRB- . These are long range light - so they are very `` spot '' intensive , meaning a very long narrow throw -LRB- 200 + ft -RRB- . If your after close in lights with a wide spread , go for the 802s -LRB- which incidently , I am very happy with - they light up the road without undue reflection , and worked well during Seattle 's ` Snowmageddon ' 2012 -RRB- . Another thing ... I purchased both the 800 and 802s at the same time . The harnesses for both sets were different lengths , which I found very odd - one would think lights from the same manufacturer , of the same size -LRB- 8 '' -RRB- , same wattage -LRB- 130w -RRB- , same series , would have the same length harnesses - apparently not!My short range lights have worked out fine , and will I be returning these 800s for the 802s .
 My Wagan 2253 Air Compressor is worth about what I paid for it - not much ! Arriving DOA , it failed to pump up my car tire and J&R Music and Computer World was no help in securing a replacement .
 They are adorable . But they came in a box with other items I ordered and they didnt have a plastic cover or anything to protect them . They came all scratched up . I can not use them like this ...
 This item does not have one thread pitch compatable with any threads on this planet . The garden hose connection is incompatable with U.S. threads as are the tire valve adapters . This product is very well made but totally useless except as a paper weight . I gave it one star because I was not able to assign it a minus 1 star .
 I wasted my money on this purchase . I thought it would fit a regular water hose , but it didnt . I tried to screw it on a couple of water hoses , but still it wouldnt fit .
 The flange that connects to the down pipe was off by about 15 degrees . As a result it will not connect to the hangers and the catalytic converter . I had to undo the weld at the flange , rotate it in place , mark it and reweld it . Turned a very simple task -LRB- I already had the exhaust disassembled -RRB- into a long and frustrating process .
 Bought last month in anticipation of a trip . Everything I read described the horror stories about the holes not lining up on this hitch . I thought after so many years surely they had better quality control by now . How wrong I was . Only one hole lines up on one side . With out enlarging the 2nd bolt hole , it wo n't fit . On the other side the holes are off over 1/2 inch . Like others , this will take major modifications and bending to get it to fit . Amazon is misrepresenting this product but stating it fits my 2008 Prius . I give this 0 stars if that were a choice because of the major work involved to make it work . What a rip off .
 Installation on a 2006 prius.I got one bolt in really easy . The second one I tried to put on that side would not go on because the holes were drilled about 1/8 '' too far apart . A few minutes with a small round metal file to make the hole bigger fixed that . Now for the bolts on the other side . No . The thing was almost 1/2 '' too short , width-wise . I put each of sides in a big , sturdy floor vice and bounced up and down on it until the holes were far enough apart . I ordered this off of amazon and it came with some scratches where I presume the person who bought and returned it before me was beating on it before he/she gave up . I will say that it is built very sturdy ... it has to be to withstand the abuse you need to put it through to get it installed.I think Curt needs to check their manufacturing tolerances . Maybe they just got in a hurry when they went through and refab 'd their stock of the previous model to correct the defective design that made the exhaust melt bumpers . It would have been a ten-minute job if the holes lined up .
 The holes are off by at least 1/2 inch . Without buying more tools or slowly drilling the holes bigger , there is no way to put it on . Very poor workmanship .
 Missing the standard ball hitch in the box . I did n't realized it until I finished installing the tow hitch for hours . It was hard to install because of the holes are off centered and needed a tension bar to spread the ends to align the 4 holes . Good luck ! It took 3 1/2 hrs instead of 30 mins . I need to contact amazon to deliver the missing item only . I do n't need to return it .
 I previously mounted a Coastal hitch on my 2006 Prius to use with my Hidden Hitch bicycle rack . It was a quick and easy installation . When I sold the 2006 Prius the purchaser made a point of wanting the hitch as part of the deal.I purchased a 2009 Prius new but held off buying another hitch until last week . I found out the Coastal hitch is no longer available so I researched the Curt version . I read the Amazon reviews from 2010 and 2011 and thought `` surely Curt has remedied the problem with the bolt holes not lining up ... '' - So I ordered the Curt hitch . It arrived quickly and I was impressed with the shiny black paint/powdercoat finish . I set aside an hour on Saturday afternoon to install it.Well , after removing the cover and propping the hitch into place , I found the spread on the mounting brackets to be about 1/2 -3 / 4 inch too short . I could tell from the heft of the hitch that this was not an easy thing to bend/spread to line up the mounting holes . Almost three hours later , and several failed mounting efforts , I was able to complete the installation . What is sad is I had to use my bench vise to bend the mounting plates and the repeated action -LRB- even using a cloth cover -RRB- resulted in multiple scratches and gouges that I am sure will rust over time . When I finally was able to mount all four bolts I lowered my arms and just lay on the ground for about five minutes . I physically felt sick to my stomach after the repeated installation attempts.I trust that Toyota builds each Prius with the frame mounting holes in the same position . Why ca n't Curt craft some type of mounting hole jig to fix their problem ? Also , it would have been extremely helpful to include a paper template to show how much of the plastic cover must be removed for the cover re-installation . Not wanting to butcher the cover I wound up with 4-5 test fits before I had removed enough plastic - a marked template would have saved another 30 minutes of installation time.Because so many previous reviews mention the bolt hole spacing problem I assume that Curt has not and will not do anything to improve the quality control of their bolt hole spacing process - I 'll close with applauding other reviewers that took their hitches to U-Haul or another vendor and paying $ 35-40 for the installation . My Saturday evening time is at least worth that much.This hitch is one of few options Prius owners have for light towing and bicycle rack mounting . I suggest potential purchasers of the Curt hitch plan on spending $ 35-45 additional installation dollars and have a better experience than I did .
 These are pretty small and since the color didn ' t match , they look pretty stupid in my car . Measure before you buy . Someone else mentioned the staples that hold the package together . Very hard to remove without destroying the product . Whoever designed this should be sentenced to 30 days of just taking these apart . Then there would be new packaging .
 These are the worst quality mats you can get . I dont think it will last even 6 months . Utter waste of $ 30 , They are small and the carpet is thin , Go to Costco and pick up their mats for $ 15 and they are much better
 Rubber Queen 70553 Plush Carpeted 4 Piece Mats - BeigeI 'm very disappointed in these mats . I was unable to find any nice mats comparable to the OEM GM carpeted mats locally so I took a chance on these . I will admit they are a little better than the cheap ones sold at the auto parts stores , but not by much . These are light weight and the `` plush '' is not very plush at all.Edited to say these mats are awful . I only used them for a few weeks because it was shedding so bad . It was all over my pants every time I got in the car . I washed them , vacuumed them and they still shed ...
 this 3 wire replacement does not fit my existing 4 pin socket -LRB- for california -RRB- 99 subaru legacy -LRB- brighton 2.2 l engine -RRB- as stated by amazon 's `` find parts '' system to be 100 % correct fit . bummer .
 The caps look good but Amazon sent me a used item . The caps have double sided tape to hold them to the pickup and one of the caps they sent had the protecive tape removed , the caps were stuck together , and they were not in the protective plastic sleeve that the manufacturer originaly used -LRB- The sleeve was just jammed into the packing box -RRB- . Obviously someone had returned the item and Amazon did not inspect it before reselling it to me.I did get the caps unstuck and the tape looks sticky enough to work but I expect better from Amazon .
 This Fuel Pump is Defective ! When it was first installed it would show full then go stright down to empty even though there was fuel in the tank . Now it does n't show the level at any time . My recomendation is to pay full price for the fuel pump and be able to see how much fuel is in the tank . Now I have to purchase another fuel pump and pay for the installation labor again . I only saved $ 50 on the purchase price by getting this defective Fuel Pump . When you factor in the cost of labor and the cost of a working fuel pump with a working gas tank level indicator that $ 50 savings ends up costing about $ 400 ! It does pump fuel properly though
 WHEN I GOT THE BOX IT CAME IN IT WAS SMASHED.TOOK OUT THE SUNSCREEN AND IT WAS WRINKLED AND CREASED , WHICH MADE IT NOT GO ON THE TRUCK VERY GOOD.NEVER GOT THE WRINKLES OUT AND IT LOOKS BAD .
 I own a 1996 Bronco which this part is supposed to fit.BUYER BEWARE !!!!!! It Dose n't . It 's not worth sending back for a refund so you get screwed .
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 I received this decal today went to put it on the metal of my snow blower and even after cleaning the area with alcohol waiting 30 minutes it just did n't stick well . The decal is beautiful , But the quality of the material is n't much better than plastic tape . . I wish there was a way to let the company know about this without writing a poor review . . HELP !
 Just received this in the mail and when I went to peel of the paper some of letters did not attach to the paper . Then one of the legs on the Deer broke off and I just threw away the item . I have put graphics on before and this is by far the worst !
 From the color which was n't correct to the hold down grommets that were not there , they just did n't even fit . Save your money and do n't be disappointed like we were
 Both amazon and Denso websits state that the sensor should fit . However either this information is inaccurate or I got a defective product . Specifically , the 2002 Acura RSX service manual says the resistance of the heater circuit in this sensor should be 10-40 OMS , but the reading for this Denso sensor -LRB- at least , the one I got -RRB- is only 3.8 OMS.Amazon customer service was really helpful and agreed to issue me a refund without me returning the sensor since uninstall it will cost more than the price of this sensor . However in the end of the day I still spent more than a hundred dollars on labor for installing and troubleshooting , and am still missing a fully functional O2 sensor.I have also tried to contact Denso directly . Their website says they usually only deal with business-to-business issues and they wo n't share product specs with end-consumer , so I do n't have high expectation on their response . But I will update this review if I do hear something from them .
 The description states that it will fit 2 1/2 dia exhaust pipe but the description is wrong , it does not fit 2 1/2 exhaust pipe . The ID of the tip is 2 1/4 &#34; .
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 It is too big for my car . Luckily my moms a seamstress and she can alter it but amazon is so deceiving . They said that it can fit .
 I ordered this battery to replace a worn out one in an APC UPS . First the battery is n't labeled as being a BB Battery but appears to be of comparable size and build quality . The battery was delivered very promptly but the packaging was defiantly lacking . It came without a box and was simply wrapped in a US Postal Service bubble wrap envelope . Franky I could n't care less as to the packaging if the product arrived in one piece , but in my case when I opened the envelope I found that the battery had leaked in the plastic bag in which it was enclosed . I wiped it off with a damp paper towel and hope it did n't loose too much electrolyte , and that it wont leak while it 's installed in the UPS . Also the terminals are a little smaller than the battery it is replacing so you do n't get a very firm connection but it does seem adequate . Overall if the battery holds up it seems to be a good price for what you are getting.UPDATE : The battery lasted 4 months and is DEAD . I though I was getting a good deal . But its off to the recycle bin . This is definitely one of those items that you get what you pay for . Basically it appears to have been some sort of a cheap imitation and was a complete waste of money .
 I purchased a B.B. brand battery but was sent a generic , instead . the photo and item name both mention BB brand but what I was sent was not the type shown in the photo -LRB- same size and voltage but not a name-brand item , that 's my point -RRB- . I would not buy from this seller again .
 This battery will not hold up in the Rotax Kart . I bought 2 batteries and neither lasted for over 30 minutes . Both failed such that the voltage dropped to `` 0 '' volts under any kind of load and neither battery would take a charge . This battery is junk for the Rotax application .
 I placed an order for a 7.2 AH 12V B.B. Battery . Recieved a 7AH 12V B.B. Battery . Waiting on response from company . First experience with company not so good ...
 These pads are designed to be low dust , I find that incorrect.Lots of noise and dust when braking . I have over 2000 miles and these have made noise and dust since day one.I will be upgrade sooner rather than later due to the poor performance of these pads . These pads do a great job of stopping the car . Just not ideal with dust and noise .
 These brakes are emit a lot of dust and make way too much noise , the basic model you get at autozone does n't even have these problems . They will stop the car however .
 slap this sticker on your bumper . Some of the rejoinders to the honor student bumperstickers are somewhat amusing . This one is simply crass .
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 First of all , the installation instructions are very bad . The verbose tells you what to do , but because the illustrations -LRB- simple pictures without any callouts -RRB- leaves you to guess what is they are referring to . Also , no indication at all what way should it be installed -LRB- there are two possible ways to install the spacer , I 'm sure one of them wrong ! -RRB- I have previously installed throttle spacers from Poweraid on two other vehicles , and even their instructions are not perfect , they are better that those from Street Performance.The second problem is that the components do not really fit without modifications . The aluminum bracket -LRB- the one with four holes in the picture -RRB- is too thick , so it forces the throttle cable bracket into the input manifold . At that point the holes in the aluminum bracket do not align with the holes in the throttle cable bracket . I did n't want to drill the cable bracket that 's part of the input manifold!The third problem is that there is a hose coming from the manifold into the throttle body assembly and once you place the spacer between the manifold and the throttle body , that hose is a bit too short . You could force it , but being made of soft rubber it wo n't last -LRB- potential for trouble -RRB- . The fourth problem is that the internal diameter of both gaskets that come with this product is smaller than the internal diameter of the inlet of the input manifold , and also smaller than the internal diameter of the throttle body and the spacer . Who designs these things?I spent well over two hours trying to install it , then had to fall back to the original installation . As I mentioned previously , when I installed two different kits from Poweraid on two other vehicles , it took me about half an hour on each and both fitted nicely . Maybe the other Street Performance kits are better than this , but do n't bother with this one.IMO , a bad design and very bad instructions.Street and Performance Electronics 93002 Helix Power Tower Plus Throttle Body Spacer 1996-2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse 2.4 L 4G64
 i bought the steering wheel cover , the mats , and the CD holder to match . they were a nice asset to my interior . the steering wheel cover is cute , but it did n't last long . the hearts -LRB- which are glued on -RRB- , started coming off and the material began to unravel . i drive a lot and share my car with two teenagers . this could be a factor on the wear and tear of this cover . but it fit the steering wheel perfectly and i enjoyed it while it lasted . a good product , just not very sturdy with extensive use .
 Hearts Steering Wheel CoverThe 2 steering wheel covers were advertised to fit a 15 inch steering wheels and both my husband and I could not get it over our 15 inch steering wheels following the directions given . I had trouble finding out how to return them but did finally find an address . I did have to pay return postage for something that I could not use .
 AFTER AN HOUR AND OF EFFORT WITH TWO SCREW DRIVERS AND GLOVES AND ULTIMATELY CUTTING THIS IN TWO PLACES I FINALLY GOT IT ON ... WEAR GLOVES OR SUFFER BRUSH BURNS ... I ORDERED IT AS REVIEWS SAID IT WAS LARGER THAN NORMAL COVERSONE REVIEW STATED SOMEONE GOT IT ON AN 18 INCH WHEEL I DO N'T KNOW HOW THEY COULD IN MY WILDEST DREAMMY SUBARU WHEEL IS STANDARD I THINK 15 INCHES OR 15.5 NO TRUTH TO THE CLAIM `` IT JUST SNAPS ON `` I AM A PENNEY PINCHER SO I CUT IT AND GOT IT ON RATHER THAN RETURNING IT POSTAGE YOU KNOWAND IT DOES NOT SMELL AT ALL AND IS PRETTY BUT OH BOY WHAT A JOB INSTALLINGi PROMISED MYSELF I 'D TAKE THE TIME TO WARN OTHERS WITH A REVEIEW IF I GOT IN ON OR NOTEVEN THOUGH MY FINGERS ARE SO COLD HERE IS THE REVIEWAGAIN WEAR GLOVES
 IT IS VERY CUTE , HOWEVER I HAVE A NEW CIVIC , IT FITS BUT HAS MAYBE AN INCH EXTRA . I WOULD RECOMMEND IT FOR ONLY THOES WITH LARGER STEERING WHEELS .
 I have not put this cover on my car due to the smell . I 've had it for almost a month and no amount of Febreeze or perfume will make it go away . I even washed it and it 's sitting on my porch . If you have a breeze that awful smell will come right in your windows . I ca n't return it since I washed it so I 'm most likely going to throw it away . I would n't even give it away !
 This is a nice , well-made coupler lock , HOWEVER YOU MUST MAKE SURE THAT IT WILL FIT YOUR COUPLER BEFORE BUYING IT . It is NOT UNIVERSAL !
 let me first say this , we 've always bought and liked and trusted the masterlock name and products . this lock was a total disappointment and i was totally surprised that master would sell something like this . we needed something strong to lock our boat up while it 's unattended in the driveway . i know every lock can be beaten when someone really wants your stuff , but this one was just too poorly made.first off , this lock body seems to be made out of some kind of thin cast metal that i wasnt even sure was metal instead of plastic . it feels like it could totally be knocked off with a single hammer blow . second , the part that mimics the trailer hitch ball that goes up in the coupler is flat and enables way too much play in this lock once it 's attached . it 's so bad , i took it back off and tried it again several times to make sure i was attaching it properly . thirdly , after trying it just about a week , it was already starting to rust so we returned it to amazon.again , this was a total disappointment for a masterlock product , and after much more searching , we decided to go with a trimax umax100 . it 's a much stouter , more secure lock than this masterlock . it 's more expensive but when you 're locking up a pretty expensive boat , the difference is well worth it , you definitely get what you pay for . and you can get it here on amazon as well . http://www.amazon.com/Trimax-UMAX100-Universal-Die-Cast-couplers/dp/B000OC3Q2I
 I ordered the trailer coupler lock that was all solid metal . hey send me the newer version with the same part number that was plastic and thin metal . A good whack with a heavy hammer would knock it off . It appears Master lock changed to a cheaper version using the same part number . However , the website had the older chrome metal one and the newer one . I ordered the older chrome one but got the newer version.The complaint is the web site was deceptive in advertising the older and better coupler , yet sending the newer one of which I did not want . Master lock is responsible because they allegedly went to a cheaper and less protective coupler .
 The lock is cheaper than the picture shows and barely fits on my trailer because of the type of coupler on the Haulmark . I bought two locks , but have 3 trailers so I can use them on the other trailers . The ball that fits up into the hole I thought was solid metal , that 's why it is not shown in the picture , it is just two pieces of metal tacked together in the shape of a ball . It does n't do what I need , so I 'm looking again . I own two , but wish I did n't .
 I have a 6 year old premium bass boat trailer with 2 inch coupler and surge brakes . The tongue style is UFP . This lock does not fit snugly against the tongue ... it angles away with a 1.5 inch gap . Someone could easily get a pry bar between the lock and the tongue . A thief may not remove the lock but they will seriously damage the tongue . I am going to get stuck with $ 13 in wasted shipping returning this junk . Do n't make the same mistake !
 Just a warning to all . This device seems to be made well , but the `` hood '' does not actually fit a standard 2 '' hitch . Yes , the ball fits inside the hitch just fine , but the hood is not wide enough to actually slip fully over the outside of the hitch . So putting this lock onto my hitch even one time fully scratched up the hitch . The hood can not fit around the hitch so it just ends up rubbing the hitch.But , the lock does work and it stays locked on with the hitch clasp in the up or down position . So I still give it two stars . But for me , I will glue some rubber strips into the inside of hood and then at least it can function as a good lock without scratching .
 Got the lock and a trailer to fit it in Oct 19 , 2008 and on Feb 9 , 2010 somebody stole the trailer with the lock right on it out from in front of our house . It was also full to the top with rubble from a bathroom rehab . It was trailer # 3 stolen . DH had painted it the most bizarre set of colors , orange , green black to thwart thieves but they took it anyway . We are going to keep the trailer in a garage .
 I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY 2003 SL500 TO HELP WITH BRAKE DUST PROBLEM AS I KEEP IT IMMACULANT AS IT ONLY HAS 28K MILES , BUT THESE THING INSTALLED WITH NEW ROTORS AND BROKE IN / SEATED PERFECTLY ARE THE SUEALINGEST THINGS EVER . DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT CONSTANT SQUEALING . WILL BE BUYING FACTORY AGAIN AND WASTING A LOT OF MONEY .
 BAK TGPC52 ProCaps Truck Bed Rail CapThis not Bed cap rails is 77 in . -LRB- 6 ft. 4.9 in . -RRB- it is the the tail gate cap not the sides rails like it said . very disappointed and amazon was no help at all
 The ad clearly states ` Matching tailgate cap available '' this causes confusion . Makes you think the sale is for the side rail caps . Not the case , what I got was a tailgate cap , had to return it
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 Some thing does not seem right on all the feedback I read , if I am not mistaken at least the first two feedbacks sound like they are posted by the seller . I am permenant shopper on amazon and I susually read comments and feedbacks from other customers before I will make big mistake.I saw diffrent model and brand which seems very interesting but it sounds it can help only with GM , Ford and Chevrolet cars , here are list of cars my family and I own , 2001 , VW Jetta VR6 , 2001 , chrysler PT Cruisser LTD. 2004 Mercedes Benz S600 , and 2006 Toyota RAV4 , if this machine can not work for all the above vehicles for me it has no value since I do n't want to buy 4 different one for 4 diffrent vehicle.The one I am really interested in is Equus 3150 Innova ABS + Professional CanOBD2 Diagnostic Code Scanner for OBDII Vehicles , but I want to know more about it specially if it will work for any vehicle , I am ready to buy it.Please can someone e-mail me let me know for what kind of more vehicles it works better beside GM , Ford and chevy?Thanks .
 For those to whom it may be important , and it is to me
 Here 's the one and only question I have for you , potential Actron Car Diagnostic Code Scanner Buyer : Do you have an AutoZone , Murray 's Discount Auto , Pep Boys or other national chain automotive supply store anywhere near your house or place of work ? If so , did you know that all of these fine stores offer this exact same service -LRB- scanning codes and resetting CELs -RRB- for FREE ? Oh , as an added bonus , they 'll give you a print-out that gives you possible causes for whatever code the device pulls as well as some solutions.Unless you live prohibitively far from a national chain auto store , there 's no reason to purchase this device . It 's a terrible deal . Thumbs down to this one .
 I may have bought this scanner but was mis lead . The scanner I need is the one for the the cable kit I bought.I do n't have any way of contect for the phone # I have no answer has been made yet
 I owned mine for 13 months -LRB- one month past warranty -RRB- when it scrambled it 's messages . It probably was less than 13 months , but I procrastinated . At any rate , the repair cost quoted , with shipping , was $ 10 less than the original purchase price . After telephoning twice , e-mailing the same , Actron would n't budge . Half that might have worked for me , but not full price.In other words , it works for a year and then they want you to buy a new one . I will be looking elsewhere .
 The manufacturer does not support this product . There is no info on Actron 's website related to this model . The software included does not cover anything after 2002 . An email sent to the address on Actron 's website came back undeliverable . If I had known these facts , I would have bought a different brand . The unit does read codes , and displays a short description of the definition of the code . But since the software does not cover my 2005 , I am wondering whether the codes are correct and complete for my vehicle .
 I 've had mine for a few years and have n't used it much at all . Yesterday I tried to use it an it was completely dead . I checked it on 3 vehicles and it would n't even power up . I took it with me to work and showed it to one of my friends . He said he has one exactly like it and it 's completely dead too.I called Actron to inquire about getting it repaired . The lady who worked in customer service INSISTED THEY HAVE NO RECORD OF A CP9135 AS ONE OF THEIR PRODUCTS !! I informed her that is was one of their most popular scanners . She said there is no way she can help me , except that I can send it in . I then spoke with another person in another department that blindly told me to send it in . They could n't answer anything about estimated repair cost or the amount of time it would take . Naturally I needed it fixed soon . Her response was for me to go online , register on some stupid website to get a repair order , then send it in.Finally I insisted on talking to a technician . In 5 seconds he told me not to bother sending it in -LRB- that potentially save me a lot of wasted time and money ! -RRB- . He basically told me that they do n't fix them and I 'd only end up oweing them $ 75 for evaluating it . Even if mine was under warranty they 'd substitute it for something else . I was very thankful that at least he was informed and honest .
 Ordered this product for my husband a month ago for $ 69 through Amazon.The excellent spouse asserts that he used this product a dozen different times on various makes and models of cars . After a few weeks , the lights on the read-out screen dimmed and the cord exhibited a faulty connection . Attempts to jiggle the cord and restart would work for a few minutes , and then the unit would shut down . After a few such efforts , it failed to restart at all.He 's having trouble getting hold of the manufacturer Finding this scanner to be of very poor construction , he 's extremely disappointed .
 I purchased this as a gift two years ago for a weekend wannabe car guy in my family . Because his cars were all new , he only had a chance to use it one or twice . I ended up borrowing it a couple times , as did some others in my family . The last time I borrowed it about 6 months ago , it did n't work . Now , granted , it probably spent a year in his garage doing nothing , but should n't it still work ? And word to the wise , 2 years ago I paid $ 75 for it so wait for a sale . I contacted Actron to see if they offer any sort of repair or service and I hope that they are reasonable about that.But when it did work , I really liked the item and recommended it to countless friends and family . Now that it is not functioning , I have to go to Advance Auto or AutoZone to scan , but luckily there is no short supply of them . I 'm at a loss if I should replace the gift since I was the one who discovered it broken , I guess I need to find an etiquette book .
 The tool took quite a while to arrive , and when it did it was the wrong size.We had to pay a local shop to install the part for us .
 gripper is fixed length 7/8 '' , needs 1/4 shim to fit Alero and similar GM intermediates , even then could n't get a good enough grip , tang too small . Hard to exert much force on it either , and a lot seems required on old car .
 I purchased this item to replace the bad , squeaky hub bearing on my 2003 Ford Ranger 4x4 . Within a 1,000 miles and a couple weeks , the new one I had purchased already went bad and squeaky . I purchased a Timken bearing because of their reputation for quality , but I was obviously mistaken . I wo n't be purchasing any other bearings from Timken in the future .
 It was for my Toyota Camry 2000 that I drove in California . I wish the detail indicated that this is a universal item and will not pass emission test . I had to purchase a specific item that cost me three times more .
 Ordered one and the voltage between the ground and heater was too large for the onboard computer -LRB- ECU -RRB- to register a functioning sensor . Returned for a replacement only to have the same problem . The manufacturing tolerances not good . This was for a 2003 Toyota Camry .
 This oxygen sensor was a ` universal ' type which means you must reuse your old connector . The problem with my application , my 99 Prizm was originally equipped with a sensor welded onto a metal mounting plate . I did not take it off to look at it before hand or else I would have seen that the ` universal ' screw in sensor would not work . I returned it easily and got a Bosch O.E. type which does screw into it 's mount so if I ever need to replace it again the universal type would work .
 This is NOT the right sensor for the upstream fuel air on a 2004 Honda Civic as I was told online !!! I wasted $ on this and can not return it cause it was installed !! Here is the exact model needed . Denso 234-9017 Oxygen Sensor -LRB- Air and Fuel Ratio Sensor -RRB-
 This is NOT compatible with your car if your car needs a Air to Fuel Ratio Sensor.This is ONLY an O2 SENSOR ... NOT COMPATIBLE WITH 97 - 2001 CARMY Solara . BE AWARE !!!!
 I bought this for my 2000 honda civic because the check engine light was coming on and said it needed a new one.When I received this one in the mail , I had to cut the connecter off my old one to wire to the new one because it onlycame with the wires but no connector to plug it in . Needless to say , it did not fix it and I will have to spend a little moreto buy a good one .
 The denso universal is not actually universal as it turns out it WILL NOT WORK WITH FLEX FUEL VEHICLES . No tahoe from my own personal experience and from what the tech said from denso when I called it will not work with any of them . So if your car can use e85 gas you can not use this sensor and it will set heater codes and make the car or truck have issues . To top it off desno knew of this issue when I called and did nothing for me on it and said go back to the vendor which amazon gave me my money back on it even though not really their problem so kudos to them for helping there and standing behind what they sell . Makes me fell better about shopping here and not having to worry about product issues as they will stand behind what they sell ...
 First of all shipping was fast , second thank you for the fast refund of the product ... I purchased this O2 sensor to replace my original which has 278K on it . I followed the wiring instruction provided and less than a mile of driving I ended with a CEL . I even tried switching the ground and signal wire but the CEL came on even faster . I ended putting back my original O2 sensor which cleared the CEL . No more universal sensors for me . I will be purchasing a direct plug and play sensor locally so if any problem I can go back and replace it.BobSan Antonio TX .
 It is so wired that the sensor fails very soon after the return date expires . Usually it should not fail so fast , I do n't know what is going on . I doubt its quality very much .
 Received this air flow sensor very quickly and at great price . installed it very easily , including modifying the wiring . check engine light came on within 1 minute . assuming part was ok , i ended up at the dealer and had him diagnose the problem believing it was a wiring problem . 100 bucks later , the resistance measured at the terminals is too high , therefore it 's the wrong part . yes , i did go through the applicablity questions and the screen shows that it is applicable to a 2001 RAV 4 .
 Guys this sensor might work as an upstream sensor in non Ca emmision vehicles but it will not work in vehicles made for CA . The reason is Ca is very strict on emmisions so the computer is programmed to only work properly with an Air Fuel Ratio Sensor such as the Denso 234-9007 or Denso 234-9009 . If you own a non Ca vehicle then most likely in your state regular Oxygen sensors such as this one are used upstream and downstream .
 I bought this denso oxygen sense 234-4209 universal back in march 22 of 2011 . Weather has been bad in the chicago area , so i just replaced the o2 sensor may 3 2011 . Reset the computer , so it can detect the good sensor well after driving over 50 miles and two days later the engine light came back on and guess what bad o2 senor the same one i justed replaced with this denso garbage.Trying to save money bought it through amazon which did save me money initially but know i 'm out money for a part that never worked and now i have to spend more money on something i already bought , i will never buy automative stuff from amazon again . Bob is very very upset that amazon will not give me refund . Even though the part never work they sell JUNK .
 I bought this Denso 02 sensor as it was half the price of my local auto parts store . And i do like the Denso brand as its OEM for most import cars . Not a hard job splicing the wires to adapt the OEM harness and doing the heat shrink is a breeze . The hardest part was getting the old sensor off . PB Blaster is a must.Autozone rents the needed socket for a small deposit also . This will be needed as well as a breaker bar with a 1/2 inch to 1/4 inch adapter for the 02 socket . Let the car sit with battery unhooked for 15 min and the let it relearn its idle upon starting for another 10 min . Everything looks good check engine light is remaining off or is it ? I get 2 miles up the road and Bam !! There its again . What a piece of s#@* is all i can think . Just to be safe i have the car code scanned one more time and yep its the O2 sensor ... what a waste of my time . Save yourself some effort and get it at a local supplier.Much easier to return if something isnt right . 99 % of the time something will go wrong from my experience working on cars . Your still coming out ahead if your doing the work yourself the way i look at it .
 Amazon ... please stop your crossreference fit calculator . Denso 234-4209 is not comparable with RX300.I wish I could return these items but I due to its applicability I had to make the wires shorter .
 Althought the web site said that this universal sensor was compatable with my 2001 Toyota Rav 4 , it proves to be anything but ! I followed the detailed -LRB- very consise -RRB- instructions , the part was not usable on my vehicle . I ended up taking the vehicle to a repair facility and paid $ 432 . oo to have it repaired . The tech . said that the sensors were not sending any signal to the computer at all.Sorry , good idea , but , NO-GO !
 _ Perfectly fine product and , as always with Amazon , got it at a GREAT price . But it did not work on my friends 2001 Toyota . She has a 2001 v6 Camry automatic ; the 1mz-fe engine . It has 2 upstream `` air/fuel '' sensors -LRB- NOT to be confused with ordinary oxygen sensors , despite what you may have heard on forums or elsewhere -RRB- , and downstream there is 1 ordinary oxygen sensor -LRB- not to be confused with an air/fuel sensor -RRB- . That 's a total of 3 sensors in the exhaust system . Yes indeed ... only 3 . We were trying to save some money when buying this sensor . But sometimes saving a couple bucks does n't pay ... apparantly.For those of you that do n't know , the p1135 code means that there is a problem at the exhaust system 's upstream sensor location called `` bank 1 sensor 1 '' . That is the trouble code her car had , and the sensor I set out to replace . But this Denso 234-4209 did not work . My suspected reasons for it not working are either that it is totally incompatible with the car , or that the other upstream sensor at the location called `` bank 2 sensor 1 '' needs to be an exact match to the one used in bank 1 sensor 1 . Since her car still had the original sensor at B2S1 -LRB- which is a Denso 234-9021 -RRB- , it is very possible that is the case.I do know this much
 Products were shipped in a timely fashion . They were NOT as advertised . Only one of them was NEW . The other , though it worked , was clearly used , with definitive signs of exposure to an exhaust stream . Just because someone wraps up the lead wiiring in rubber-band and puts it in a plastic bag , does not make it `` NEW '' . I now worry about how long it will last . IE
 Despite the title of this kit being `` Timing Belt and Water Pump Kit '' it did not include the water pump ! Since I was in a hurry to get my car back up and running I simply purchased a water pump locally and still installed the timing components of this kit . It does include the timing belt tensioner , idler pulley , and timing belt for a 2000 Focus 2.0 L DOHC , but again , no water pump.If I was n't in a hurry I would have returned the kit for a full refund . The title and description are misleading .
 3A Racing 47-61571 1157 LED Dissapointing . Brightness was 1/5 of a 1157 , which it , as avertised , should be brighter . Too small an item to return.NOT AS ADVERTISED
 Image shows an LED based bulb , what was delivered was a dual filament incandescent bulb that does not fit a standard indicator socket.I plan to return these for credit .
 This is probobly one of the sickest things i have ever seen . Anyone who buys this has no soul and is pure evil . I cant even think what kind of a sick , twisted individual would buy something like this . I am absolutely disgusted .
 I would sentence anyone insensitive enough to sport this bumpersticker with 90 days working in a soup kitchen and with having to read and review Nickled and Dimed by Barbara Ehrenreich.I 've known middle income people who became low income by a sudden health crisis and/or job loss . I 've also known wealthy people who became low income by misfortunes such as having their store go out of business or finding out their business partner was a criminal . I 've also seen divorce dramatically lower people 's standards of living . Being low income in our society is really one of those `` there but for the grace of God go I '' circumstances . If you have money , one way to hold on to it is by avoiding foolish purchases such as this one .
 As the other review says , these bulbs are very dim . I definitely suggest using other bulbs .
 It was supposed to bright more than the regular ones . Well , the regulars give more light than this one . I just threw away my money . I recommend not to buy this product . It 's the worst I 've been with
 Picture is a clear bulb , says it is Super White ... what came in the mail was a Hyper White bulb that was actually a blue-glass bulb ...
 I only obtain 1 shock , instead of a pair , since i live in Dominican Republic i cant send the item back , its more expensive than buying another oner .
 Do n't get confused with this product . Amazon should n't put pictures of sides too . It comes with one cap , a complete rip off and misleading . Be careful on what you order here ! Customer care was rude , and hard to understand what they were saying .
 I would like to repeat something said by that great philosopher Frederick of Honolulu . He said `` Repeating silly quotes is the highest form of bad form . '' Only a liberal nut-job would consider `` dissent ... the highest form of patriotism '' , not reasoned and rational dissent , just mere dissent . Using that sort of messed-up logic would make all the enemies of my country -LRB- the USA -RRB- , patriots , since they certainly are dissenting . It is a silly saying . Dissent from anyone that so highly regards this absurd and ridiculous motto .
 The book does not contain a schematic diagram of the 40 IDF , one of the most popular carburetors for Porsche 356 and is not of much value to me . I would not have purchased it if I had known this .
 I returned this product due to workmanship . Sized wrong , stiching imperfect and leather had several noticeable places on it . I did receive a refurnd after a couple of weeks . I do n't think this was a new item . maybe a previous return .
 I bought this jacket a couple of years ago , and loved the style ! I was so excited for about the first month , until the leather started falling apart . Shoty stitch-work , showed abrasions and wore out quickly !! Just wore the jacket for casual wear , this should not of happened!Would not recommend this jacket to anyone .
 I bought the DEI exhaust wrap with this purchase and tried -LRB- & tried -RRB- to use these clips to secure the wrap to my motorcycle pipes . No luck at all ! Used hose clamps instead and threw the rest away .
 While these straps were cheaper than anywhere else on Amazon.com , they are a terrible product . They are extremely difficult to tighten down . Don , t waste your money , I used regular screw down , stainless clamps . They held tighter and were way cheaper .
 After they 're fully tightened they loosen up a little before they fully `` lock '' . They transmit a lot of heat when wrapped around the insulating material . Not buying them again .
 Ties are ok . I found that stainless safety wire did just as nice of a job for securing exhaust wrap
 I bought these to go around my exhaust pipe and hold the exhaust wrap on tightly , but they are so short that I ended up having to hook two together to make a connection around the pipe . I would have been better off simply buying another type of clamp .
 I bought these to do my exhaust wrap . The wrap went fine , but could n't get the ties as snug as I wanted , and then the ties were tough to cut . Pulling hard with pliers the ties slip and rotate . Holding them in place with a screwdriver helped , but I still ended up using hose clamps in the end . Some directions in the package would have been nice . I still wonder if they needed to be crimped or why I was n't able to get them tight .
 Within a month after installing drum appears yellowish of rust . Make a car look no good for years . I can recommend use Centric brand . Affordable and almost no rush .
 I have ordered a seal and a clutch set from Parts Authority a month ago . I have been waiting for more than a month but I still have not received the products yet however I was promised to get it within 5 days . I ca n't use my car without it , the seller have not responded my e-mail . I would give a negative rating but there is no such option .
 This Mini Cooper mat did n't fit . It was way too small , and the vent holes were mostly covered . It was poorly constructed and very flimsy . A complete waste of my time and patience .
 If your looking for stickers for your young child to add to their school notebook ... . these are the ones . Too me these would look really cheap added to a car .
 I just purchased this part from Amazon.com . This is the wrong part for my car . With a little more on-line research , this part is for a 1996-2001 Toyota Camry , not the 1995 .
 The gasket was cut to the right lengths and would have worked if the gasket would have stuck to the timing cover . I cleaned the covers , peeled the white strip off the gasket and attempted to coerce it to adhere to the timing cover . The adhesive was either too old or otherwise compromised and I could not get it to stick at all.I was n't able to use this product as intended and would not purchase it again .
 I did not purchase this product . It is not clear to me why Amazon asks for a review from me !!!!
 It works , but damn this thing is noisy . It has quieted down a `` little '' after a year , but that 's not saying much . For the first 6 months it was embarrassing driving around with this thing . I 've tried every trick I could find to get rid of the noise , but it 's just a whiny pump plain and simple .
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 I have been trying to find a cup holder like this but when I put it into the driver 's side window , it popped right out when the window was put up . The description stated that it would not do this . I tried it several times thinking I had done something wrong . However , there are n't too many options to try . It did not work as stated it would . I sure thought I had solved my problem .
 Could not get this to work in my vehicle . Regardless this should be a $ 2.99 item in my opinion . Wish I had returned . The flap is too flexible and would n't fit on my windows .
 Fits snug between the window and door , holds drinks fairly well but makes me nervous because the arms are so flexible , i put a large cup of water in it and every bump i went over made me sweat nervously cause it looked as if it would just open its arm and let go of the water making my day worse than usual . HOWEVER it has yet to do this , so i 'm only dinging one star for making me scared to order a beverage , * edit/update * after my drink flopped out onto my lap a few times i decided to put a rubber band around it , this helped a lot with the issues of the arms opening while holding a beverage . however a little into a month of use one of the arms just plain old snapped off when i was getting off the freeway spilling hot coffee all over my brand new pants . so i removed my stars rating and gave it two .
 This cup holder scratched the windows glass of my car , in addition , once you set it up , its like `` hanging loose '' , except you 're holding something with considerable weight.Didn ` t like it at all .
 This product was very flimsy and by the original picture I saw before I ordered it , it looked alot different . I returned it and never got a credit ! So that was a waste of 4 $ $ . Oh well !
 This cup holder is FLIMSY . Also , when you roll your window up , the cup holder comes out . Soooooooo , if you had a drink in it at the time , you would have a big mess . I threw the thing in the trash .
 Flimsy , does n't stay put and it probably cost 30 cents to make . You can do better , was n't worth returning the postage was more than the item .
 I recently bought this cup holder , but it does not fit in the window unless it is open . I tried in 2 different cars -LRB- Audi & Seat -RRB-
 The hanger part is n't how it looks in the picture . The cup holder part is okay , but the hanger will NOT stay in the car door window slot . There were no instructions , so maybe I 'm doing something wrong . It will stay for awhile , then eventually fall off . I bought this for my `` lighted car ash tray '' which is n't nearly as heavy as an 8 or 16 oz drink . Unless you can figure out how to make this stay , do n't put a drink in it or you 'll be in trouble when it falls off ... especially of you 're driving !
 working perfect outside the car , but only 50 % of chance to point the right direction when it sit inside your car ,
 Do n't waste your money . This compass does n't work . I attached it to my rearview mirror as suggested on the packaging , only to learn that the compass was frozen on NW and did n't move when the vehicle changed direction . I took it off and tried other locations in the vehicle with no change . The direction float moves , but does n't indicate any direction other than NW . If it did n't cost more in freight to return the unit than the actual cost of the compass , I 'd send it back in a heartbeat . I think this is a good example of getting what you paid for .
 I purchased this for use in my Ford Mustang and am very disappointed . It 's calibration is distorted every place I tried
 This is the worst thing I have ever bought off of Amazon.The compass always points West.What a piece of crap .
 Type S 10002 Black CompassThis compass worked fine in the HOUSE , but once in the vehicle , it became stuck , did not turn properly , and the adhesive for the installation was weak . This is the first thing I have purchased on Amazon that was a dud ... It 's definitely a dud though ... get something else .
 this amazing compass only points due north . so only buy if you are using the compass for decoration . also , do n't turn the knob of the compass too hard , otherwise you will need to quick glue it back to 1 piece .
 I bought this for my 2003 Ford Sport Trac 2 wheel drive expecting an easy , no problem install based on the description . Not the case by a long shot . No drilling is required , but the receiver will not mount at all without using a torch and cutting the lower portion of the bumper bracket to allow the receiver to pivot and line up to accept the 2 perpendicular bolts . The description also indicates that a hitch plug cover was to be included . It was not , although Amazon did allow an adjustment to my bill to compensate . All in all , the receiver seems pretty robust , but do n't think it will be an easy 10 minute install .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 The reflectors are of very poor quality . They are not properly aligned and seem broken inside ! The black framing is very thick and it does not bend to be applied on a curved surface for eg , a helmet !
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 By the end of 2 weeks I had to tap it to get it to move as my car moved . It did work ok for that first two weeks though , lol . I strongly recommend you not buy this .
 This compass does not word well . Often fails to give correct direction , by over 90 degrees . It 's no good .
 Bought 2 , 1 for each of my two cars , because they were cheap . They do n't work no matter where in/on the car I place them , likely the magnetic fields of the cars making them totally inaccurate.You get what you pay for in this case .
 Two stars because I bought this to replace an identical unit three years ago.I bought this VDO fan assembly to replace the first VDO unit that burned out three years ago which I bought to replace the original unit in my 2003 Dodge Ram 2500 truck . Maybe this one will last more than three years.BTW this CAN be installed without completely removing the AC condenser by cutting out a small tab of plastic on the fan housing where the condenser pipe passes through the housing . Once the tab is cut out the condenser will lift up and out just enough to get the fan housing to slip up and out . Just be careful and do n't force any of the lines .
 I sent the packaging review with a photo . Arrived shredded box w scraped finish . I see other people have the same issues . Amazon -- you fulfilled , You 're not listening to customers.Then straight to Home Depot .1 . No -LRB- red -RRB- reflectors at all , as shown in product photo , so had to purchase my own today . 2 . Replaced the hardware / all made in China . One good bump or a little brush and it would be off the hitch . 3 . Having hole for hitch re-drilled and moved closer to vehicle so weight will be distributed better . Would definitely not repurchase . Will rethink purchases like this from Amazon .
 The Beck Arnley 101-3554 Tie Rod Assembly seems well made and is listed by many automotive parts sites as being proper for a Peugeot 505 , but it does not fit . The inner rod is about an inch too short . With a cut-off blade in a circular saw I was able to cut 2.5 inches off the end of an old inner rod , cut 1.5 inches of the new inner rod and cut the threaded part off an old outer joint . I assembled these into a working inner tie rod . I cut about 1/3 inch threads off the new outer joint , and then installed the now workable pieces .
 bought these mats because the ad said they had the grommet hole to stay in place . Hole non existant . flimsy rubber and thin carpeting . I went with OEM for the same price on another website , trust me save your money and go OEM or another high quality manufacter .
 bought these mats because the ad said they had the grommet hole to stay in place . Hole non existant . flimsy rubber and thin carpeting . I went with OEM for the same price on another website , trust me save your money and go OEM or another high quality manufacter .
 I bought this muffler on a recommendation from my exhaust shop . I put it on a 96 Jeep Cherokee with the 4.0 L motor . It sounded great while it lasted , but after a couple months now the internals of the muffler are rattling like a tin can festival ! Really bummed about the quality .
 Have to push it in real hard and keep pushing on it to get it to light up and remain lit . For $ 20 , not worth the trouble .
 I have received just 4 valve cap and when I bought it I saw that sayed 8 valve cap , I am unhappy with this product .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 Well , it looked great , except that it did not fit in my civic , despite amazon 's system said otherwise.Could not install , looks nice and shiny tho .
 These are pretty good however you get screwed over in shipping by these greedy SOB 's ! I was n't going to order until I saw how much shipping was but because of either these people or amazon website , or a combination of the 2 , I was charged way to much before I could give a final approval . Someone said you can get the same thing from Sears for about $ 1.60 , look there first unless you want to pay almost $ 7.00 to ship something that coast only $ 1.39 to ship and another $ 0.30 for package to ship in .
 The product was well made and appears as original . BUT , I have a 1980 Shay -LRB- 1929 Ford replica -RRB- and the running gear is all Pinto and the cable was about 12 '' shorter than the original . So maybe I was mislead but the fittings were identical and looked great ---------- but too short . Maybe Pinto had other applications , but that was not mentioned in the order form .
 I really liked the way this hitch cover looks - the face plate is very nicely painted and all parts are made of very nice , heavy metal . The problem is there is no way to join the face plate with the hitch mount ! There were holes drilled in the hitch mount and screws provided , they just forgot to drill and tap the holes in the back of the face plate - there was only one hole completed . I thought this was an error so I returned the first one as an exchange for another one . Nope , the second one was the same way . I even wrote a note to Amazon to let them know , but sure enough I ended up returning the second one too for my money back . I normally do n't say this , but `` DO N'T BUY THIS - YOU WILL JUST BE RETURNING IT !! '' I ca n't imagine anyone selling something this messed up without a way to take feedback to make sure this does n't happen again . If it was made correctly , I would have kept it . It is as simple as that .
 I have used many after market bulbs with Nokya brand . But this one blew out after 2 weeks of use on my honda accord with Spyder halo projector headlights .
 I recieved my meter quicker than they said but was dissappointed that it did n'tlook nothing like the picture . Different color , and a lot smaller . It was less than5 inches long and the add said 9.3 / 4 '' . Just about half the size the add said and awhole lot cheaper looking than the picture . The 60.00 dollar list price must of been someone 's April Fool 's joke . It really is n't worth the 29.00 and the shipping madeit even worse of a deal .
 spent a little extra for a liquid filled and nice looking guage-guage continually walked all over . Baught a cheap mr gasket guage and works great . do not recomend this guage .
 I ordered this bulb thinking I was getting a bulb with led 's in it but what I got was a metal covered with I do not know inside . Yje picture shown and the item I received have nothing in common .
 After about 3 months , it is sunddenly broken . Just holding it in my hand , the reading can jump to anywhere between 4 to 98 . I can not image how my hand can produce that much of pressure . It is totally useless .
 I had one of these on my keychain thatI bought in a parts store off the counter for about 2 years but then my keys got ran over and I wanted another to replace it . So I bought one from here and it showed up reading pressures from really low to really high every time I used it . Upon further inspection I realized that it was broken inside and the two black plastic halves were moving . Do n't buy these . There is no telling if you will get a working one or not .
 Biggest piece of garbage . You would get a better reading pushing your finger against the tire and guessing .
 This helmet is very poorly constructed , even for a `` novelty '' helmet . It is much smaller than a real XXL and _ reeks _ of chemicals . The plastic trim aroung the lip of the helmet does n't meet in the back and leaves an ugly gap of almost an inch . The biggest problem is that the straps are not riveted at the same point on both sides , making for a very sloppy look and uncomfortable feel . Do n't waste your money on this one , you 'll be disappointed .
 Arrived well packaged with a hairline crack on the bottom that was invisible to naked eye - but not to the oil that spilled EVERYWHERE . 1 star for packaging well done .
 I purchased this to loosen the exhaust studs on my Harley . I followed the instructions , but all it did was turn making the studs completely stripped and worthless ... A little heat and visegrips is what worked for me .
 Every mechanic knows to get the right tool for the job . SRT Manufacturing makes a stud remover that removes frozen studs in seconds simply by sliding the tool down onto the stud and using an impact wrench to rotate the tool counter clockwise . Frozen studs come right out . Google `` studpuller ''
 Water spots everywhere ! I totally agree with others who have used this product . Oodles of long lasting suds ... yes ... but ... Oodles of work removing water spots ! I read reviews before I started and figured I 'd eliminate the spotting issue by immediately rinsing and wiping off sections as I progressed . You almost ca n't get the water off quick enough before spots on finish appear . Also , they are almost etched into the finish . There must be an ingredient in this wash soap that causes this since I have never had a problem like this with other wash soaps . I will certainly not use it again and delegate the remainder of the bottle to the dump .
 I used this only once about a year ago and my car 's finish has not been the same . It stripped all of the wax from my car and appears to have damaged the clear coat as well . I was shocked to find that I was left with a dull finish as soon as I rinsed it off !! My car looked worse than before I 'd washed it ! Ever since , I 've tried various other washes and waxes -LRB- other brands -RRB- and the finish on my car was damaged so badly by Meguiars Deep Crystal Car Wash that I 'm now looking into possibly having my car 's clear coat re-done ! What an expensive mistake !!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!
 I used it today on my new Fit and was not pleased . Nice suds , but I feel like it left a weird film/water spots all over the car . I ended up washing it again with something else -LRB- Armorall wash and wax stuff -RRB- and was much happier .
 Nice scent , lots of suds ! But try to get them off later!I washed truck in shade and rinsed every 3 feet-over & over . Apparently the key is to dry as soon as you wash a small area.I have to wax 3 times now to get `` fun bubbles '' off , and need to use special glass wax on windows because streaks are so bad!I love Meguiar 's Cleaner-Wax . Have used it for years ! But even that wo n't clear away the soap streaks!Today I had to polish with Meguires , then with Simoniz Super Blue , then Mequiars again -- and I still have spots!I 'm 57 yrs old & have detailed many a car/truck ! I 'm going to pour this product on the weeds in my driveway now!I 'll never use it on my truck again!I 'm looking at two more days of triple waxing just to remove the streaks !
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 The site streetperformance.com links this kit to a 98 BMW M roadster . After taking out the transmission I found that it does n't fit . Amazon should not allow this to happen .
 Worst filter purchase in my life . Removed it from the box to install and the plastic end fell off . Then after looking saw that the other end was about to come off . Looks like the ends of the filter did not get glued to the paper correctly . Compared to OEM item this was not even in the same league . Purchased for 2009 Pontiac G3 .
 This filter is 1 inch too long to fit in a 2011 Aveo5 , the manufacturer of the vehicle has moved the location from where it was in previous years . All the replacement parts are made for the older style , apparently the after market manufactures have never bothered to look at the 2011 model or even read the owners manual which clearly shows the new location .
 a battery with no asid is like a car with no motor , thanks a lot ! now what do i do ???? i know , send it back , it 's bull shit .
 i was hoping that it can reduce dust in the car . . but it is making more ... and it does not fit well .
 They accept the payment , but never sent the Item.Now I have to cancel after three weeks of waiting.unbelievable but true , do not send e-mail to keep you informed .
 This looked like it was going to be a good part , but once I put it on and started the engine , I noticed a major wobble in the pulley . When I took it off I saw that the holes were drilled nowhere near center . This part was defective , and of quite low quality . I returned it and wo n't be buying this brand again .
 I bought this for my stepdad since he really loves Harley Motercycles . When I recieved this , lo and behold , a closer look revealed that this is NOT a Harley Davidson product as the title clearly stated . No HD , no eagle , no nothing . Where the Harley Logo on the bike was supposed to be , there was a foreign language in its place . What I thought was cool buttons were actually pictures of `` Crotch Rockets '' I was told that it was new . HA ! The `` red velvet '' was broken in a corner and clearly dented in some areas . I am none to pleased .
 The `` cap '' on the drain tube does not seal sufficiently to prevent the contents from seeping past . Also , moving it around under the car causes the contents to slosh over the sides regularly . It would benefit from some rollers on the bottom . Would n't take it for free .
 I like this drain pan 's relatively high capacity . Unfortunately , that 's about all I like about it.With just one handle on the rear of the unit -LRB- and your other hand on the spout -RRB- , it 's not particularly easy to carry and manipulate when it has more than a small amount of fluid in it . I ca n't understand why Blitz would put three handles on their 2-gallon drain pan , but only one handle on this 5-gallon drain pan . I also ca n't imagine trying to handle a couple gallons or more of fluid with this thing . I 'm not clumsy , but I do n't like things being made more difficult than they should be , either.As another reviewer mentions , the spout really should be pointing up , not down . One time I drained about four quarts of fluid from my vehicle , and accidentally sloshed the fluid a bit as I dragged the drain pan out from underneath . It did n't spill over the sides , so I thought I was fine . Then I opened the cap to prepare for pouring the fluid out , and found that there were several ounces of fluid that had been pooled against the cap , just waiting for me to loosen it so I 'd have a nice spill on my garage floor . -LRB- If you look at the product image , you can see what I 'm talking about . -RRB- Also , because of the spout design , I find that when I pour fluid from the drain pan into another receptacle , I have to rotate the drain pan a full 180 degrees to finish pouring . The bend of the spout prevents me from lifting the drain pan high enough to accomplish it any other way.I found that the cap breaks easily as well . If you have any toddlers around the house , you may want to have them tighten it to avoid breaking the cheap , thin plastic .
 ... do n't expect the cap to last long ! It was broken by trying to tighten it enough to keep the oil from dripping out . The pan is great for catching the oil , but not great for when you want to move it .
 Blitz has an oil collector with a sloped lid to aid in containing sloshing oil as the pan is moved -LRB- dragged -RRB- along garage floor . I have used both types , yellow & black , go with the black plastic model with closed top unless you have a high end garage with ` lots of room ' and really good tools at hand .
 I returned the first one due to crinkling and streching in the material . The replacement was the same . Amazon wisely refunded my purchase and did not send a third .
 Not that I expected much for the price , but it only worked for 3 days and when it did you had to be within 10 feet of the vehicle if not right next to it . Rip off
 This remote would program just fine , then after a few hours it would lose its program . I then would need to reprogram the remote and once again it would last for only a short time . Save your money and buy a good one not a cheap one for here .
 I chose it for the price . But you get what you pay for . I bought two and neither one was any good . Company says they will replace one . I hope so if the new one works .
 The battery it came with was weak so I put another battery and I got through the programing stage . I wa able to get it to unlock the door but not unlock . Defective ? Not sure . .
 Looks identical to the original remote that came with my F150 . So very easy to activate I should of bought one years ago . I now have a remote for my spare keys too!Don ' t hesitate , buy one today ! Updated
 At first I was happy with the remote ; it was fairly easy to set . BUT after a while the remote worked occasionally then stopped working completely . I have to keep resetting it which can be really frustrating when I need it drive my elderly father and he has to wait until I can open the driver 's door then go back around to open the passenger door to help him . -LRB- He 's the reason I bought it . -RRB-
 Range on the generic ones ordered was terrible , had to be right next to vehicle in order for them to work . Contacted company and they were great , sent me new ones that were brand name and they worked great
 Im not happy with this remote . i programmed the remote . i had to push down hard to get it tofor work.A couple days later the remote stoped working . I got a new battery.but still not working . Would like s new one .
 Sometimes they work and sometimes they do n't . And forget about being any distance from the vehicle . Poor product but you ca n't expect much for the price .
 Remote functions well , but the quality of the plastic halves is s#@$ . Halves fit together akwardly . 4 more words required
 For some reason it does n't work unless we use the old clicker -LRB- reprogrammed them all at the same time.I would not buy again as we never know if they will work or not .
 Product said it would work on my 2008 Ford F150 . I purchased two of these remotes and after programming them to my pickup one of the remotes would lock the doors every fifth or six try but would never unlock the doors . The other remote did the exact opposite . It would ocassionally unlock the doors but would never lock them . I did take them both to work and programmed them to a 2004 Excursion and they worked flawlessly .
 I purchased this to replace a remote that was only working about 50 % of the time . This one is no better . If it does work , it 's only when I 'm standing at the door , and even that close it 's a 50/50 shot of it not working.Waste of money , it is not any better than the remote I was replacing , except the buttons are not as worn down .
 I was very disappointed ! I received the wrong remote and it did n't work for my vehicle . In order to get the right remote I would need to send it back and include $ 8 to get the right one . Very disappointed with product , and customer service .
 I ordered the Ford Three Button Keyless Remote . A few days later I got a blank key . I emailed the company and they sent out the remote right away . I was happy about the fast shipping but the remote would n't program . I tried the troubleshooting tips and still nothing . So , I 'm stuck with a remote that can not be programmed .
 Do not buy this ! After I finally found a dealer that was willing to program an after-market remote , it was n't even programmable ! It did n't work at all on my Chevy HHR .
 i did not realize it was complicated to program or that it would need programming . one more item for my junk drawer .
 This unit is a cheap copy . It died after just 2 weeks . I even changed the battery to no avail . Also keep in mind , that if you have the original remotes , and you program the truck for this unit , the old remotes no longer work . Get an OEM remote and if you want a spare then you need to buy a set of matching remotes .
 Sorry !!! This idem did NOT work !! I had to reorder from another E bay company . You did n't have the right Key less entry in stock so it rolled over to the wrong idem.Cost me $ 12.00 It would cost me $ 5.00 TO SEND BACK . NOT HAPPY !!
 well at first it worked just fine . then after about a month it wouldnt work so i checked the battery and it was still good so i tried to reprogram it , and that fixed it . the keychain loop broke within about a week , and now i have to reprogam monthly . it seems to loose its memory on a monthly basis , which suck when you come out of the store or are runnin late to work and you go to hit the button and it doesnt work . im back to using my original remote that is just cosmetically damaged
 As the previous review stated , this only comes with one arm . What I thought was a really good price on this , turned out to be a rip off . I can find a pair of these online for about 140-150 . Having to buy two of these , no deal at all . Returning and buying something else .
 You get what you pay for here , it sounds `` awesome '' , if you 're a teenager who wants their car to sound like a race car . This muffler does not produce factory sound , it actually makes the car louder . Not my idea of what a muffler is intended to do .
 This item worked great ! For the first week then it quit working . This is the second one i 've had that have quit working within the first week . Do not buy this product . It 's junk !
 I bought this for my office from another website and paid $ 20 for it . Within minutes of plugging it in it began to make this super high pitch squeal ! I tried everything to fix it , with no luck . The whole office would laugh when I turned it on ! I agree with the other reviewer ... this was junk .
 After 2 months of loving this product and how genius it is -LRB- a mini humidifier to keep my over a/c 'd office from being so dry -RRB- - it completely stopped working . I tried every fix-it as listed on the documents that come with the product . but to no avail - i get no mist , and now its starting to squeal . I guess it was pretty inexpensive , but still , I would expect it to work a bit longer than 2 months . Will be looking for a new humidifier with better reviews , even if I have to spend a little more . = \
 as per the features it supposed to stay for 6 - 8 hours , 6-8 hours is a n average trip . but i have to fill this for every two hours .
 Unlike most of the other unhappy customers , my product worked TOO GOOD . What was supposed to be a vapor mist was way too wet and not a mist at all but rather a wet almost stream of moisture that got the dashboard , gearshift and everything else near the unit sopping wet ; the mist was too dense to be effective as a humidifier that is designed to relieve dry air throughout the vehicle . Thus , this unit was of no value for me .
 The first one of these lasted a week . the company was good enough to send me another one , which lasted 3 days , then stopped.I do not need a third one to tell you this is junk . Please save your money .
 I live in the desert and the lack of humidity causes me to get shocked every time I get out of my car . I was hoping that some moisture in the car might alleviate this , so I bought this personal humidifier . It worked fine for about 5 minutes , then died . Fortunately the seller was very accommodating and refunded my money .
 Having a roadside safety kit designed for women was a such a great idea , it 's too bad they had to skimp on quality . The lantern especially was so poorly made I could n't even get it to open and shut properly . The gloves are flimsy , the tire gauge looks cheap . I was real annoyed at having to pay $ 9.99 to return this , because it was n't my fault it was of such poor quality . My advice ladies
 It was my fault for not noticing that the battery acid was not included.It like selling a car with out keys you ca n't use it untill you go and get the battery acid
 The seat covers were fine but the head rest covers do not fit properly and do not have straps to hold them on . Thank You .
 First use of the product the barrel flew off , dew to a defect with the threads . When greasing it is difficult to tell if any grease is flowing .
 I 've had it for a year and the gun works fine but the batteries do n't . At a year old they run down too soon . Have too take them to Batteries r Usto get them rebuilt for $ 46 each .
 We were excited about the prospect of a `` custom-fit '' seat cover and the price was right too . As we were installing the covers we noticed the covers were quite tight , which could be a good thing , but there was no stretch or give at all . During the installation process , without any abnormal pulling , the covers started to rip at the seams . Before anyone had even sat on the covers , there were large holes ripped in the seams . We immediately contacted Amazon who quickly offered to replace the covers for us . We thought -LRB- hoped ? -RRB- perhaps this might be an isolated incedent , but no such luck . The exact same thing happened with the next set . Apparently the price WAS too good to be true . Coverking must be able to keep the price low because of the quality of the fabric and stitching . Guess we 'll have to find some other way to keep our seats clean .
 I ordered seat covers for my Mazda 5 directly from CoverKing 's web site . The second and third row covers came within a couple weeks , but the front row covers took 34 days to arrive , with no explanation.Three pieces of the second and third row covers were sewn/assembled incorrectly . One seat bottom cover included two indentations for the seat belt buckle , one on each side . The rear seats have hinges to fold flat , each with both a narrow and a wide hinge - the covers came with two narrow hinge pieces on one , and two wide hinge pieces on the second . They need better quality control processes!I contacted customer support , and provided pictures of the problem areas . Customer support seems to generally take several days to respond to inquiries . Instead of offering to take care of the issue , they insisted they needed additional pictures of the car before they would do anything . After receiving the pictures , they needed several numbers from the shipping boxes , which of course had been discarded by this point . Apparently , the order number alone is not enough for them to process replacements?So , I still have three pieces that do n't fit , and while they finally agreed to prioritize sewing new covers , it will be another week or two before they arrive . * If * they make the replacement covers correctly , it will have been at least 50 days from the time I placed my order , to when I finally have everything installed.On the positive side , the covers seem to fit well , except for the arm rest pieces - they 're significantly baggy . No seams ripped while installing , and they 're relatively easy to secure . Not sure how they 'll last in the long term , but so far , spills wipe up easily .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I bought this motorcycle battery from Powersport Superstore . There was no electrolyte included . There is nothing in the description to say that their batteries will requiring filling by someone else at additional cost before they can be used . I contacted Powersport Superstore and they said that this is the way they sell them -LRB- dry -RRB- and they could do nothing about it . They state that Amazon makes up the product description themselves and that the store had no control of the description of their products on Amazon . It cost me an additional $ 5 and a trip across town to have this battery filled so it could be used.One would certainly expect a battery to be usable as received unless told otherwise ...
 the one I received was non functioning . Tried it on an obviously functioning electric fence . Did not work . Not worth the money to return it though ...
 These Coverking floormats came quickly . But they do NOT have the precut holes as shown on the picture . There is no way to hold them in place , so they slip around a lot . Bad deal .
 Not what I thought it would be . Made to dash look really sloppy . First thing I have returned .
 The decal is nice , color as described , but the size of 6 ' by 8 '' is the size of the packaging . The actual decal is only about 5 ' round . This is very misleading ! I ordered 2 and would have sent them back but the cost was n't worth it . Delivery was timely , postage was high for flat paper product in an envelope .
 I was not aware that what I was buying was not the Assembly manual , but a stack of loose copies of pages from the manual . The pages are punched for a three ring binder which is not included . They do n't appear to be in any particular order , nor are they numbered , and there is no sort of index . When I have time , I suppose I will be able to go through them and put them in some sort of order . Maybe I should buy a copy of the 1957 Chevrolet assembly manual to find what order the pages are supposed to be in . Very Disappointing !!!!!
 The kit appeared to be good quality however after the first test drive both sides were smoking . The caliper pistons would not retract completely causing the pads to drag on the rotors . The overheating ruined the new Centric pads and could have warped the new rotors . Both calipers were in excellent shape and should have functioned correctly after the rebuild , the `` O '' rings were not the correct dimensions making the pistons stick .
 The bolts that came with the kit were too short and I could not use the spacer until I purchased longer bolts
 How can this be the highest rated at 350 ft lbs when the 1/2 drive cordless Milwaukee is rated 450 ft lbs
 I PAID THE EXTRA MONEY FOR THE BRAKE CONTROLLER TO GET HERE FAST . IT DIDNT ARRIVE SO I CALLED AND ANOTHER WAS SENT OUT . IT ARRIVED TWO DAYS LATER . THEN THE NEXT WEEK THE FIRST ONE CAME . SO I SENT IT BACK .
 Seller said it was made and machined in the USA and it came and it 's made in CHINA and I cant get my shipping and price paid back NEVER AGAIN will I buy from AMAZON NEVER !!!
 received this product , missing pilot bushing and clutch alignment tool.what good is it without the tool?now my car will be up on jacks till i get the tool , not happy.the picture shows both included , again NOT HAPPY .
 I ordered this gauge to replace a defective Roadgear gauge that did not read correctly . This gauge came with two dead batteries . The LED would not light and the display would not register pressure . I removed the batteries and found that one battery was in stalled correctly but the second battery -LRB- CR2032 -RRB- was installed backwards . I checked both batteries with a mete and one battery was +1.66 V -LRB- instead of 3V -RRB- and the other was -0.91 volts . I checked the accuracy of this gauge and it 's pretty much right on with three other gauges , one of which has been calibrated recently . I 'm still considering returning this one too , I should not have to buy new batteries for a brand new gauge .
 I like the fit & finish of this tire pressure gauge , and the large backlit display is excellent . The small built-in LED light is nearly useless unless you plan to air up your tires in the pitch black night . If there is a streetlight or a flashlight within 50 yards of your vehicle , the LED light is rendered useless.The rubber cover over the measuring end slides forward every time you press the gauge onto the valvestem , which is about 3 to 4 times per tire because the gauge does not contact the valve stem very well . I tried holding it several different ways and only 1 in 4 pressure checks were successful . The remainder of the time I either got 00.0 psi or about 20 psi , which is 15 to 20 psi below what I know the tires to have.I would not buy this product again . The sheath it came in is fantastic , though , and probably where about 45 % of the purchase price went . Oh well . I 'll use it for about a year or two then probably throw it into the dumpster in frustration .
 Has several good features , grip , accurcy and fancy case but I HATE this gauge . It is an absolute pain in the A ** to align perfectly on the valve stem . It has no rubber seal like found on most cheaper guages . The hard plastic is very difficult to position quickly for a good reading and most always loose air trying . Do n't waste your money on this one . If you still want one you can have mine .
 I have purchased two of these guages and the results are the same , poor . It is very difficult to line this guage up with the valve stem to get an accurate reading . My daughter tried it and lost air trying to get an accurate reading . This product is a waste of money and its accuracy is in doubt .
 The lithium battery is NOT replaceable.Checking my tires every few months for five years depleted the battery . Somewhat short of a `` lifetime '' . This refers to the prior model , `` Accutire MS-4000 '' which appears identical to this `` Accutire MS-4004b '' . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005AXI4/ref=oss_productIt worked well while it lasted .
 I ordered this tire gauge a year ago and the first one was DOA . The light worked but it would not produce a pressure reading . Returned the defective one and received another one of these . The second one worked for about 9 months then it failed . Replaced the batteries -LRB- more money ! -RRB- and same thing - the light works but gauge produced no pressure reading . I kept the gauge in the house in the planning desk to keep it warm , all to no benefit . In my opinion this item is junk . I 'm going back to non-electronic gauges .
 Batteries died after a year , not dependable because 1 year just is n't enough especially when you need it . Batteries were a major pain to replace . Have to hold it just right to create a good seal . Hard to read LCD at night . Going back to old school large dial gauges .
 Im sorry but i had to send it back , it didnt work , waiting for repayment , will buy the same one and try it again ...
 Purchased and installed both a B&M SuperCooler and this transmission fluid temperature gauge . The installations were relatively easy however I suspected that the gauge was not reading correctly so I tested the sender and the gauge . My results indicated that the gauge reads approx 20 % low on the low end of the scale and 20 % high on the high end of the scale . It is fairly accurate at mid-scale -LRB- 160-180 degrees -RRB- . I think that this amount of variation is unacceptable and wrote 2 letters to B&M asking for their assistance in correcting this issue . They have not responded to either of my letters . Because of B&M 's failure to respond I would not recommend this product and I would be hesitant to purchase any of their products . Poor customer service does not sell products .
 Installed gauge with little difficulty . Sending unit defective . B&M sent new sending unit , needle sticks on gauge . B&M -- when I finally got to speak to someone -- said Amazon sold me a defective gauge , and offered no further assistance . I 'm past the 30-day return period , so am out lots of time and 60 bucks . B&M used to have a solid reputation . However , I would advise anyone other than a masochist to avoid buying this product .
 This is the second one I 've had to buy in just over a year . I put it in a Jeep that I hardly ever drive and the gauge part of the unit went out just over the 1 year warranty period . The new unit looks like the fixed the problem of the sending unit grounding out accidentally . Hopefully this is the last one I have to get . The price was right and the shipping was fast .
 Ordered a nitrous solenoid , received a nitrous repair kit . If you order part # 72200 you are going to get a repair kit . Ad is listed wrong .
 The upper and lower ball joints do not have a permanent dust boot . This is misleading , it goes on like all the others , press it in and then install dust cover not permanent and be removed . Second problem if you are missing parts your screwed . My lower ball joint was misssing the permanently attached dust boot , it was not in the package . Big hassel mcquary norris will not deal with you directly . You must go back to who u ordered it from . I waited three days no answer on what to do . Their rep never contacted just suspension . Their answer was ship it back at your cost because we will not pay for it and mcquay norris cant believe their is something missing . I paid $ 75.00 for a permanetly attached dust cover that was not permanent and was missing . If you cant get them at a store and return them dont order them on line .
 We purchased this cover because it was advertised as 100 % waterproof . The first time it rained , it leaked . We gave it the benefit of the doubt , thinking maybe it was condensation or something . The next time it rained , same thing . Seat and trike all wet . We tied it down so nothing could get underneath with the wind , but nothing helped . We live in New England and do not have a garage so we depended on this product to live up to it 's advertising . We are very disappointed , especially since the seller will not issue a refund . We now have plastic garbage bags underneath the cover to stop the trike from getting wet .11 / 17/12 - I wanted to add to this review now that we have had the cover for a couple of months . We could not return it , and using the garbage bags was not ideal , so I sprayed the outside and inside with Camp Dry -LRB- a waterproofing spray used on tents , boots , etc. -RRB- Did this twice . Since the spraying , the cover has not leaked . The stitching is very good . It survived Hurricane Sandy and the Nor'Easter we recently endured . So , for an additional $ 7 we rectified the problem . The waterproofing part must have been missed in the manufacturing process . The rest of the item is good quality . We will use the waterproof spray again in the Spring and hope it continues to prevent the trike from getting wet . We are just lucky the spray worked .
 Bought this mirror at target , along with many other Eddie Bauer baby products available there . This mirror is hard to install , and everytime you hit a bump it falls down , rendering it useless . It is just very poorly made from cheap materials . I am very disappointed with the Eddie Bauer line at Target . Almost every Eddie Bauer product I bought ended up breaking in a week or I just returned due to such poor design . Target needs to stop selling these items , they are a waste of money .
 we bought this mirror because of the swivel feature - which worked a little too good . the mirror kinda sticks out so that every time i got in the back seat to get baby out , i 'd hit it and knock it out of place , so i had to readjust it all over again . sometimes when we 'd hit bumps , it would fall and become worthless . finally , my little girl 's arms got long enough that she could reach it , and it ended up breaking .
 I bought this mirror at Target . After 2 weeks the mirror broke off as I was trying to adjust it ! So I returned it to Target and exchanged for another one -LRB- exact same type -RRB- ... after a week it broke again while I was trying to adjust it to see my baby ... needless to say I am disappointed !
 This product is no good . Does not work with my 1997 Camary . Floppy , poorly constructed . The only upside is that it is an actual mirror not plastic . The other Eddie Bauer Delux model is even worse -LRB- not a real mirror and more $ $ -RRB- Skip this propduct .
 Agree with other reviewers . This thing is flimsy , hard to install and needs to be readjusted just about every time you drive . HATE IT !!! DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I 've had this thing for about 3 weeks now and have n't been able to use it . I managed to jimmy-rig the mirror to my car 's backseat as the directions specified , but it 's impossible to see it from my rearview mirror . The thing falls down even before I can get the car to move . Sounds like a great design , but I really wished I had read the reviews before purchasing . Great in theory , but just shoddy engineering .
 I installed this mirror in our car two days ago . Today it was in my daughter 's lap when I went to get her out of the car . The mirror broke off from the base . I bought it because it seemed safer than the other types of mirrors -LRB- suction cup attachment , etc -RRB- . I would not recommend this product .
 Sent harness loose in an box with 5 parts missing , and on top of that , it was the wrong item!After 15 fustrating emails and days describing above including pics , they finally issued a return S/H label for somebody else , had to send 6 emails explaining that was not me before reissuing proper S/H Label.Several weeks later and still no refund issued to CC.Overall , a very fustrating and poor online expericence .
 There are a lot of guys trying to sell these , but most are scams . Unless you have the matching code that goes with the remote , it can not be programmed into your car.Each remote has in internal code , and it is not written on or in the unit . Most of the units being sold are used , and the seller has NO IDEA what the code is . They sound very straight up , warning you that a Volvo dealer must program it into your car . However , you will get to the dealer and he will ask you for the code , then apologize that he is unable to help you out.So unless the vendor provides the code , it is a useless piece of junk . Ask . Notice that this vendor does n't mention the code . I believe the reason is because he does n't have it , or else he would be advertising it in big letters to set himself apart from the scammers .
 I have owned this generator for several years now and it has had nothing but issues . I actually tossed it in the trash this weekend and ordered a Honda . Same price , $ 899 delivered no tax . Check online .
 I bought on price and of course name , a Purolator cabin filter for my Ford Focus , i was shocked to find in the nice box no electro-statically charged media layers with a layer of Activated charcoal sandwiched in between . oh boy ! Just a Plane jane Paper filter nothing fancy at all . I bought a paper and charcoal filter at the local auto parts for the same money ! Purolator makes a nice package and what a pile of malarky they feed usnot worth sending back only i will not be fooled again
 It 's impossible to close the housing cover after install it even though Amazon , Autozone , Oreilly auto all indicate that this model fits 99 Honda civic LX . Too bad that I have to return it .
 BEWARE !!! Cheap Chinese knock-off of an item never made by AC Schnitzer . I would rate this zero stars , but it would give me that option . This is a scam !!!
 So I 've been using Armor All Tire Shine for years . Then I order this particular product . Instead of a nice lathery foam , I get an impotent sputtering spray of nothing but oil . In order to get it to come out , I have to hold the can UPSIDE DOWN ! Hopefully this is just a one time defect , but I 'll never order this particular kind of Tire Shine again .
 I got it and it would barely even spray . Dont waste your money . I didnt notice the difference when I put it on my tires .
 High hopes , expectations and price ... poor spray pattern ... much more time consuming than similar cheaper products ... shine and durability mediocre ... please save yourself time , money and frustration ... buy another brand ...
 This tire shine gives the shine that I want -LRB- minimal , not really shiny just a bit of gloss -RRB- but does not last more than 5 days or so . Unfortunately , after 2 uses the can no longer works - it makes noise but nothing comes out , unless you turn and hold the can upside down the whole time you are spraying . It also stains my driveway with crescent moon shaped swoosh-marks where I spray the bottom half of the tire wall!Final note , it arrived with a broken cap , and I believe the cap was broken prior to shipment because it appeared the only way it fit in the shipping box was because the cap was squished .
 Just used the Purolator C35479 in my Avalon and found it to be lacking in the comparison of the oem filter . Oem had foam rubber on sides to stop air from getting around filter and the oem was reinforced with a fiber mesh for strength . Compared to the oem , the C35479 should have cost half as much , for the 22.00 cost from dealer , I will try to plan ahead and get a Toyota filter next time . Its a lot of work to replace and I want a better filter next time .
 The Amazon.com web site said the this cabin air filter would fit a 2009 Lexus Es350 . The filter had to be cut to fit the frame and was not as thick as recomended by Lexus . It did work but probably will not last as long because of the reduced thickness
 I purchased this pump on Feb 19 2010 and installed the pump in my 2001 Silverado . Easy to install into the truck ! On Aug 2 2011 the pump started failing . The fuel level sensor is starting to go , the fuel indicator on the dash started going to empty and then back to the level on fuel in the tank . I called the manufactor and they stated that they can do nothing for me and to buy another unit . Amazon also only has a 30 day warranty on the sale . So if you buy this unit from Amazon make sure you under stand it only has a 30 day warranty . The manufactor will not warranty the 1 year on the pump to the end user . So the warranty is useless . I would not buy this item again or anything from Amazon where Amazon does not warranty the manufactors warranty . I 'm going to a auto parts store where the warranty is up held.Greg A.
 I never ever got my stuff and I emailed the person about it and they never replied or anything this is a money stealing piece of crap it 's been almost a year and still no reply or item !!! Stay away do n't give your money away here !!!!
 I had this on my 1996 Toyota Avalon and my lower radiator hose blew off . I contacted Stant and they sent me a new one which before I used it I tested it 's release pressure with a hand pump and it did not release even at 30 psi . I hate to bad mouth a well known company but I will just use Autozone brand , at least they test right with my pump .
 then it just blow !! , that 's it , no more to say about it . I think better invest ina more robust one
 unfortunately is a shoddy article , I put on my honda accord on a new radiator , and in less than 15 days began to let out the water pressure , after some tests , this cap could not resisted more than 8 psi of pressure . so it must return the old cap and the problem was solved .
 This item stated that it has a strong magnet that adheres to any metal surface , the opposit is true however , it has a very weak magnet and would not hold up to anything that moves or any area where it can be brushed by body parts , trees etc. it is so much inferior to the Master Lock that I alos purchased .
 Just what I wanted but 1 magnet was broke in 2 pieces and will probably fall out . Not worth my time to return .
 The magnets suck . They are n't strong enough . I tested it on my fridge , and stuck pretty well . But when I went to put it on my vehicle it would n't stick anywhere underneath the car only on the top which defeats the purpose of hiding it if I can only keep it on the exterior parts of my car . So I rated this as a bad product . I only spent five-dollars for the thing , and to me , it 's not worth going through the trouble to return it . But I suggest going elsewhere , and find a better product . I really wish I would have known the strength of the magnets and how many there were because there are only two small magnets . And even if they we 're strong , I 'd hate risk losing my spare keys while driving . So all in all , this product is n't the best please go elsewhere !!!!
 This supposedly is designed to be strong enough to stay on the wheel well of a car . Yeah right . Maybe if the car does n't move . Ever . It does hold a larger key , so when it finally does come loose and fall off , all you 've done is lose a more expensive set of keys .
 The hinge pin came loose , the lever flew off , and when I tried to remove the cap , it exploded , showering boiling water everywhere . I was very lucky not to be scalded . BEWARE !!
 I ordered these for my 2003 Toyota Tacoma . The installation instructions required you to `` screw '' the liners into the vehicle carpeting using supplied fasteners . I did n't want to mess with the factory installed carpeting so I sent the Nifty liners back and went with Husky liners . The Husky liners fit right in without any difficulty . I had Husky liners for 15 years in my 1996 Tacoma and they were great . The only vehicle modification required with the Husky liners was removing the factory floor clip that kept the carpet floor mat from moving . I would recommend going with the Husky liners over the Niftys .
 Medium gray was the same color as dark grey and not what I needed . Expected medium grey to be a lighter shade than dark grey .
 Immersed in 175 degree water , this gauge read 215 . Wire was supplied for illumination , but you have to supply 18 gauge wire to connect the sensor to the indicator , as well as 12 vdc and ground to the indicator . You also need to supply small nuts to connect the three wires . I returned the unit due to the lack of accuracy .
 dont waste your money on this ... go for an msd coil -LRB- only 10 $ more -RRB- it lasted less than 1 year in a weekend only jeep
 After installation they lasted 120 miles before creating misfires and trouble . I reinstalled my stock coil packs and never looked back . I will not run an Accel product again .
 About 6 months ago I purchased 3 of these coils for my Firebird , after only a couple of days 2 of them went bad !! I had them replaced with the help of the amazing Amazon customer service ! Then about 3 months ago I started to notice that my car was skipping , I check the coils and now I 'm going to have to replace all 3 coils again !! What a waste of money !! Now I know why the local parts store 's only give you a 90 day warranty on the Accel parts !! If you buy this part , ha , ha Good Luck !!!!
 Hi , I did a 100,000 mile tune-up on my 1997 Cadillac Concours and replaced all my coils with the Accel 140017 's . After 3 weeks one of them has failed -LRB- ~ $ 200 for mechanic to trouble shoot -RRB- . The Vendor , Summit Racing was nice enough to RMA the coil , while I purchased a quick replacement at a local speed shop . I was good for 1 week , when another one failed . I replaced them all with very reasonable cost coils on E ** y -LRB- Part # D-555 -RRB- , 4 weeks and doing fine . Doing a limited search , I think the Accel coils require a higher mA current than is being supplied for this application . Thank you .
 Did n't last 2 days , car ran fine for that long . After 2 days It began to misfire constantly . Even the cheapest brand at the auto parts did better than this . I finally gave in and bought the 45 $ a piece AC Delcos . The car ran as good as when I took it off the lot . I even tested the resistance prior to installing and they were as bad as the chep brand 20 dollar units you can find .
 Bought 3 to replace all coils in our Firebird . One was defective out of box a second one failed after one month.Have used Accel products before and I was pleased but this junk is n't worth it .
 from purchase date upon testing resistance did n't measure up to my other Accel coils I bought 2years earlier , it measured the same as stock ,5.7 K on secondary 1.7 on Primary , coil body was slightly larger anyway coil failed a 2 weeks later , they are not the real mc coys , but look the same
 I have purchased four of these coils . Two were to replace a failed unit after 3-9 months of usage . Running in a stock Saturn -LRB- two coils -RRB- , so I dont understand why they failed . Have my fingers crossed that the remaining -LRB- installed -RRB- two last a lot longer . If either fails , I will definetly try a different brand . Much to my dismay , ACCEL seems to have dropped the ball on these -LRB- at least , this batch -RRB- .
 As soon as I received three ACCEL coil packs for my 3.8 L car in september , I put them in with new wires and they worked fine . In mid-December , as I was clueless to what it what until now , where it 's almost May , the coils started running funny , and one of the posts for cylinder two went out . From there , I 've spent a lot of money trying to find out what was wrong with cylinder 2 , including taking the engine apart myself to find NO stuck valves and nothing wrong mechanically . Finally , I got an actual spark test done and each of the coils fires sparks at VERY different intervals , and the post for cylinder 2 does n't even fire at all . This whole time , I thought I 'd be carless in a month or two , when the whole problem was these expensive good for nothing coil packs that have ruined my gas mileage and possibly damaged my engine for the past 4 1/2 months . Granted , they worked well for 2-3 months -LRB- not much difference from stock -RRB- , but when they stop working properly , they are your car 's worst enemy , and are a complete waist of money .
 I bought these to replace my stock coils on my Monte Carlo . They worked great at first and then 4 months down the road I had misfires . I did extensive troubleshooting to include my O2 sensors since I doubted a brand new coil could go bad in such a short time . I replaced all sparks and wires , then I eventually tried putting on my old stock coils . At that point I found a nice corrosion mark on the ignition control module right beneat one of the coils . The coil started firing through the bottom rather than through the post . I would suggest only buying these if you are looking for a temporary performance fix , but not if you plan to keep your car running for the long haul .
 I ordered the tool with the 7/16 '' hex and received a 1/2 '' square . THe box was right but the tool was wrong . Both Amazon and the manufacturer claimed that the tool I received was a reworked version of what I ordered . I lost respect for Milwaukee tool on that one . I was also told the right tool was not available and was offered the opportunity to return it . I do n't plan on ordering reworked tools online anymore .
 In the product discription its says it is a 6 '' lift kit and list all the parts that are included in the kit . But all you recive is the radius arms and still have to buy another 1000 $ in parts to complete the lift . Also ca n't get ahold of amazon witch is the seller to find out why the rest of the parts they say are included are not . Do not buy this kit if your looking for a full kit .
 would n't recommend it if u want to carry something compact in ur pocket . with all the floating material in it , too puffy
 Do n't buy this unless you live in California !!! The EX series power commnaders are ONLY FOR CA RESIDENTS . You wo n't get nearly as much performance from the EX series .
 Showed in stock . Called to check if it really is . Nope . Just like all the other dealers .
 Dont buy this product if u dont wan na lose your money . . Bad quality . . Bad material . . I 'll never gon na try this brand again . . too disappoint with this product .
 This is the most frustrating thing I have ever tried to do ! I used brand new razor blade in my utility knife , and instead of cutting the film , it just rips ! Save yourself some time and stay away !!
 I purchased this Item and it was delivered damaged badly . The outside -LRB- amazon box -RRB- was basically crushed in half . There was no packing materials inside the box at all and the tint itself was basically folded and creased in half . I put in for a return and Amazon -LRB- as usual -RRB- promptly sent a new one with a well packaged box with stuffing and all . The box that the tint comes in from the manufacturer arrived in MINT condition . I unrolled the tint and cut it for the first window . The first 8 or 10 '' were damaged somehow . Seems like a manufacturing issue so I discarded it . I did the first window and went to the passenger side . I unrolled the tint for the next window to find the last 3 feet was JUNK . Completely creased and folded . I do n't understand how the factory can package this stuff . I ripped the tint off the first window -LRB- I do n't want to drive with only ONE window tinted -RRB- and threw everything in the trash . Never again . I will use 3M from now on . I used it for 30 years with no issues . $ 15 lesson learned .
 I am generally pretty good with stuff like this ; I 've painted both of my vehicles , redone the interior and I always do all of my own engine work . That being said , this was my first attempt at tinting my windows . What a waste of time ! I followed the directions exactly and even purchased the application kit to make sure everything went well . The first attempt failed miserably , the tinting being so full of creases and bubbles that it was just shameful , and while attempting to re-stick the stuff , it ended up sticking to itself and turning into a giant mess . That 's okay - there 's enough for another . This time I took the glass out and laid it down so application would go better . This worked much better with far fewer bubbles of creases , but there were still enough that it looked stupid . The happy ending is that after two days I rolled the window down to go through a drive through and the tint fell off all by itself so I did n't have to worry about removing it.I gave this two stars because it does come as advertised - it 's a good dark tint , does seem to reduce heat , and is pretty good about being scratch resistant and it 's fairly cheap as far as tint goes . However , the application is not simple and probably not for the inexperienced such as myself . It was difficult to apply , kept sticking to itself , and fell off quickly.If you 're anything like I am , you 'll read this , think `` This guy is a loser , I 'll do a better job '' and order it anyway . Do yourself a favor and buy several so you can practice and do n't drive around looking like a d!ck . Better yet , save yourself the hassle and money and just take it to a professional , like I 'm going to have to do now anyway.Good luck !
 I buyed 2 rolls of Gila Electric Blue , but when Open the Box I seen the films come with scratchs all rolls , I feel dissapointed , The 2 Rolls was send me damaged , I seen this and was straight to the trash ... I lose my money ... Is sad but true ...
 I ordered these floor mats and waited 3 weeks for them only to dicover upon arrival that the two eyelets that were supposed to be inserted in the drivers mat were no present . Had the eyelets been present I would have given this item 5 stars as the mats are very well constucted . Now I have to return the mats and wait another 3 weeks for them to be delivered . That 's bogus !!!!
 Just arrived , you can tell as soon as you open the box that it 's a lite duty part . The picture on the box has it securing three rolls of insulation , probably at it 's limit . Nice price if you do n't expect much .
 I purchased 2 of these bars for my truck and with barely any use over a couple of months , one spring flew out during normal ratcheting rendering it useless . Early oxidation is a given if exposed to the elements for any length of time . They were relatively inexpensive and the quality is reflective of this . They are cheap bars which do not last . I 'm currently searching for a quality replacement .
 The ratchet broke on the third use , I would not recommend buying this item it simply did not last , POS .
 Spend the extra $ 5 or $ 10 and get the better one . First thing that happened was the ratcheting system give and that was only after the first day .
 Assembly makes bar feel loose when in place . They need to make another position fine adjustment for that in between adjustment .
 These mats are cheap thin and junk . I would never recommend them to anyone . Very disappointed . I got them for my husband and he does n't use them because they are cheap .
 I bought the red LED lights to put in our windows for Christmas . They were much too dim . The LED lights in our Christmas tree were much much brighter . Our house sits about 150 feet from the street , and if you were n't looking directly at the windows , you would hardly notice there was a red light in each window . Rather pathetic . By contrast , the Christmas tree is easily seen . Each of the red LED lights on the tree are much brighter and easily seen . Not sure why the C7 replacement bulbs ca n't put out just as much light . . Was very disappointed , returned the LED bulbs and went back to the incandescent type . Maybe they 'll be better next year .
 no sirve para nada es pura apariencia el mismo dia que lo estaba montando se cayeron los adornos azules y rojos ya que vienen pegados con tape.y la manguera no es de las mejores
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 Amazon said this product would work as a rear wiper for a 2001 Honda CR-V . Amazon was wrong -- the brackets on the wiper are too close to the pivot point when compared to the older version of the Bosch 13 '' wiper .
 I ordered these because they were offered when I specified new wiper blades for my 1991 Toyota truck . They are about 5-6 inches too short .
 The handle bar mittens have a small opening so they were hard to put your hands in if you are wearing gloves . I returned mine for this reason .
 I bought two of these for my Subaru Forester and both of them burst about two weeks after I installed them . When I took the first one off , I noticed the metal was incredibly thin , almost the thinness of a soda can . If I had n't stopped and seen the smoke coming out from under my car -LRB- oil on manifold -RRB- , I might have ceased the engine.Well , I figured maybe I 'd nicked the filter when putting it on . So when I put the next one on , I was extra careful not to scratch or nick the can in any way . DId n't matter . Same result.Cheap-o filter ... no wonder nobody likes Fram filters .
 These are n't what I thought they were . . I thought these were actual vents , I hate to say they tricked me , because I 'm a girl !! haha Jk No I just thought that these were real vents , I figured they were n't chrome considering the price , but never the less I thought wrong , so of course my husband is replacing everything on his truck with chrome parts , I thought I 'd surprise him with these and when they got here he laughed and said . . hahaha . . Oh . . Your Serious . . Yeeeeah I 'm not putting those on my truck ! sorry . hahaha . Sooooo . . However this is not what I was looking for . . But for a few bucks and free shipping it wasnt really worth sending back !
 How can the company of this product actually thinks people are going to put this sticker on their vehicles ? this product is nothing compared to it 's description , so do n't be fooled , it is a cheap vynil sticker , not even plastic , so do n't buy it , you 'll regret it
 I will have you know , a new steering wheel for my tan RSX was incredibly hard to find and also very expensive . I really wanted wheelskins to work !! I bought the color I thought was correct and the size I thought was correct and took my time to install the cover carefully.The color did not match.The cover did not fit over the bolstered sides of the wheel.The stitching was frayed by the time I was done sewing it together.It did not last and broke through easily with minimal wear.I have now given up in every way shape and form on these skins or any wrap . I spent the 200 dollars to get a new wheel and was much much happier with OEM quality , durability and looks .
 Did not work on leather bags , L.Vuitton , Gucci , or Channel . I would not recommend this product .
 They sent me the wrong studs ... . I had to call ARP to get the right two longer bolts for my app .
 I bought this for 2006 Nissan 350z . It does n't fit that well on if you use the `` din '' pocket and your radio . It also does n't line up with the shifter bezel . Not a good buy .
 Unit works well enough so far . I like that it came with bulbs . I do not like that it is not an exact color match of an OEM unit . It is very noticable that it has been replaced . I 'll likely to buy the other side to have them match . Should not have to do that.So , buyer beware !
 stopped working in under a year -LRB- no output -RRB- . My xantrex charger lasted over 10 years , and I found a new 30A model for $ 85
 This review has two ratings . First , Coverking products do fit well and feel wonderful . Readjusted them once already , may have to continue that . They do n't seem to stay put very well . Maybe a piece of that non-slip stuff used under rugs will work . Now the second part , less complimentary . Their web site does say that '' ... include everything that is needed -- ... console covers ... '' . That is where this company is advertising falsely and incorrectly . I ordered these because my leather front console is peeling . It was not included in the order and , as dealt with by the wonderful people at Autobarn -LRB- ***** 5 star rating for their efforts -RRB- , I have been informed that the console covers are ONLY for consoles that fold up into a seat . This is not so stated on the Coverking website . I may return these as I am dissatisfied at the remaining `` bad '' leather in my car , although the seat looks much better now . Maybe I should have used an actual store .
 They sent the wrong size . Also , it did n't look at all like the photo . The protection foam stuck out all around the bottom of the helmet -LRB- which you can not see in the photo -RRB- . The helmet just looked silly when worn -LRB- by someone it did fit -RRB- .
 This type of helmet is known in ERs as a `` dunce cap '' . Protect your brain and neck with a real helmet !
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 I bought this expecting it to be a kit with the gaskets included . Kit implies that everything is included to Install the part . Not a single part . All you get is the upper intake only with no gaskets or O-rings as you would get in any other kit at this or a little higher price . If I had not needed my car the next day I would have sent it back . A better buy would have been Delphi FH10095 Intake Manifold which comes with everything needed to install without having to buy anything else .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Dissapointed with product . Product actual size was 4.5 Height x 11.5 circumference x 3.5 diameter all in inches not what is listed , i.e 6 x 13 x 4 .
 Did not come with the tip that screws on to the top of the plug . usless with out it.Tossed it into the junk draw .
 Good price and an excellent product . If you want to improve in performance your motorbike , this is a perfect start .
 This did not do much for perfomance ... the original plug works much better . I use this plug now as a back up .
 You can get a code reader cheaper than this one . A lot of the functions on the unit like ` MON ' and ` DATA ' buttons require an upgrade for $ 99 . The unit did not come with cable to link it to a computer to do the upgrade , you also have to purchase that.K . Telfah
 If you want just a code reader , you can get one for alot less money . I expected more out of this one -LRB- my mistake -RRB- . When I contacted customer support and questioned the unusable ` MON ' and ` DATA ' buttons , their response was `` buy the $ 99 upgrade '' . I do n't think so !!
 Bought this a few years ago , since then not usable on my 4 older 1995 & up cars , nothing realy works , as a code reader it is a piece of expensive ### $ % , it is not a tool , will not check the ABS or erase the ABS or other error codes on LH series Chryslers , no cables available for the 1995 Chrysler Concorde LH series for this scanner , although I tried to find some way to use it . way overpriced and misleading ca n't tell how many hours I wasted trying to use it . everything is upgrades and cable costs . I put it on the shelf and every once in a while when I have some problem I try to use it and it ca n't be used because the cables that came with it wo n't fit . Calling their tech help is usless they know less than I do . Trying to sell me another piece of overpriced % ^ & # junk instead of helping me to use the first piece of trash . Also no way of finding what the error codes mean since the scanner only gives error code and it would take a long time to find out what they say . I am an advanced do it your selfer with years of experience in electronics and mechanics etc. . If I am having difficulty the average person is lost.Thanks for letting me vent I needed that .
 I orderd this tank heater for my rv 's holding tank . I looked everywear for the max tank size it heated because my tank was a 30 gal tank . I couldnt find this info in the decription anywear . When the heater came in only then did I find out the heating spcs . I returned the heater unused . You can find a brand name heater for $ 20 or so more elesewear if you need one for a larger tank than a 15 Gal one
 Returned this item two times , not because it was defective , but because it did not fit my 73 mustang I even got my friend the mechanic to help me put them in the second time , I mean the product look great but I was not able to try it out for that , I only give it two stars
 I bought this for my son and was very disappointed when it broke the second time it was used ... end of story .
 I ordered this filter for my vehicle , confirmed the correct fit on the order , when I received the filter it would not fit . I had to pay for the mistake that K&N made by saying the filter would fit my 2002 Jeep Grand cherokee Overland . I bought this vehicle new , no changes has ever been made . It would be nice to have the measurements for these filters , especially since the mfg has nothing to lose by selling it to you then not refunding the complete sales price .
 I bought this item about a month ago , took it to work and tested it out . i checked 12 brand new batterys and the meter only read 8.5 V on all 12 . Then i grabbed another analog load tester to test the batterys , which with that load tester all batterys were over 12V . Had my matco guy send it to OTC , only to find out that they DO NOT repair these load testers , so they sent it back after making no repairs . Spend the extra money and go through the tool guys , at least you 'll have some type of a warranty . but for something that isnt even accurate the first time you use it you 'd think they would give you a refund . SAVE YOUR MONEY , DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!!!
 It would be a much better product if it would take inputs to test load batteries with different Cold Cranks .
 I ordered this item hoping to receive a quality product that I could use for years . As it is , I ca n't even use it once . I opened the box and the first thing I noticed was the rattling sound from inside the metal case . I could see a metal plate floating around inside , so the unit is unusable . Also , it was packed inadequately and has shipping damage . It feels like it is a quality unit , except that the quality control is non-existent . I 'm returning it as soon as I can .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 My new Code Scout arrived today & I spent an hour trying to get it to work . It easily connects just fine but can not read at all . Tech support went though the process with me as I tried several more times & finally said to send it back for replacement -LRB- At MY expense ! -RRB- Well , it is not my 2000 auto since it was read just fine for emission testing last month and had a check engine light code read & reset just fine by a mechanic 2 weeks ago . Tech support agrees that it sounds like it is a problem with the code reader . I 'll probably purchase a different brand locally since I do n't trust this brand & I 'd need to pay Shipping again if I need to return the replacement unit .
 AutoXray AX1500 CodeScoutI bought this tool because it says it works on all cars 1996 and newer . It does not allow me to select Mercedes from it 's list . My two cars each showed a code on the scanner with no explanation of their meaning . The AutoXray web site code lookup did not have a listing for either code . The computer tech help form failed to go through after several attempts . I was on the phone line for quite a while without talking to a person , so I gave up . I do not know if buying the computer update would help , or if I would just be waisting more money .
 Used it twice and worked fine , stored away dry and safe no batteries for a year and went to use it , will not work.Called AutoXray and they said $ 76 min charge even after I explained I used it twice and it is still brand new.Real crap if it only works twice and company will not stand behind it.Would not recommend it unless you only eed to use it twice and throw i away , Im tossin this brand new pc of junk in garbage.What a shame and a waste of money.BrianK
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 Blade fell off the first time I tried to use it . Thanks to Amazon , I rec 'd a full refund . I gave it a ` one ' only because Zero is not offered . What a waste !
 Horrible quality control - the base and tube would not slide together . What a disappointment - now I have to box it up to ship it back . What a hassle ...
 This cover is advertised for the Porsche Boxster but its not even close.Its clearly for a smaller car . It does n't really fit the front or the back and there is a good 4 or 5 inches of the bottom edge of the car showing . To top it off it does n't even come with a proper securing straps . Just a little bit of cheap twine to secure it under the car . There are only 2 security grommets -LRB- one on either side -RRB- and so it pops off every time there 's a gust of wind.I had to wait 2 weeks longer than the Amazon estimated time to delivery . The company sent me an email telling me it was taking longer so that they could custom fit the cover for my car . I 'm more than a little bit insulted by that now . If your trying to save a little cash buying this for your boxster do n't bother go ahead and go with another company and get one custom fit for your model its . If there was n't a massive snow storm that hit minutes after I got the cover on I would have returned it then and there .
 I was very lucky when I bought this , AMAZON gave me no greif in returning it and the mechanic did n't charge me for changing it out with a Delphi brand.This did n't work from the moment it was hooked up . Serves me right for trying to save $ 20 .
 what comes in the mail is a 1.2 oz bottle of concentrate . you have to mix it with a quart of distilled water and put it into your own spray bottle . misleading -LRB- at the very least -RRB- advertising .
 The item is cheaply made and actually does not measure accurately and correctly . My item measure with 1v or 1.5 v in some instances lower than actual voltage .
 I ordered a Champ Oil Filter but that 's not what I received . I instead got a Parts Plus Oil Filter . I understand the fact that there are n't too many makers of oil filters and Champ probably makes them for Parts Plus , but I did n't order a generic filter and did n't pay a generic price . If I wanted a generic filter then that 's what I would order . I kept it and will use it because it looks like a good filter , I just did n't appreciate the substitution .
 It 's completely different from description and photo . Open the box to assemble 4 pieces - cushion , seat bracket , pneumatic shock , and wheel base . Look underneath the cushion to find the screws to attach bracket to the seat . After attaching the bracket to the seat , place wheel base on the floor . Put shock into hole on wheel base . Place seat bracket on top of shock . End of assembly.PROS
 I received this for Christmas in 2008 . It broke today where the seat joins the adjustable cylinder . This was a back saver before breaking and I will replace with one of better quality .
 Seat broke on the 1st day , I had to make a new one to repair it . Base is solid , seat adjustment handle is a joke .
 Bought this pump based on glowing reviews to seal dry items in canning jars . Before it broke ... it worked beyond my expectations , I was most pleased . However , I was only able to seal a couple jars before it broke , the part holding the pump plunger/rod to the handle went flying and I still have n't been able to find the part . Very disappointed . Had it less than 1 hour before this happened . On a positive note , called Amazon customer support and they where most supportive and have a replacement in the mail , no questions asked .
 A nice looking and durable looking unit.It quit working on it 's second useIt did however make an impressive crash when it landed in my garbage barrel
 After reading some reviews I thought I might give this devise a try . I was uncertain of its potential effectiveness but thought it would be a good thing to have for general preparedness -LRB- power failure and such -RRB- I purchased the CP7830 to vacuum seal dehydrated foods in mason jars . The attachments provided did not seal well with my FoodSaver jar sealers . The pump handle spring return started out intermittent and stopped working all together after the 2nd jar . The pump cylinder is small and it took many many pumps to achieve an adequate vacuum , it was difficult for me to use and my wife was unable to use it at all.This was a poor choice on my part and the poor rating is not reflective of its inadequacy to vacuum seal jars but on the fact that it started to mechanically fail within minutes of its first use.amazons return proses was painless and although this purchase was a flop , my confidence in amazon remains strong ...
 To those parties considering buying this in conjunction with the Cup pictured with the item on amazon 's web page the tube does not fit and the items DO NOT WORK TOGETHER . I have no idea which Genius put these two items together but they really should check to make sure items sold as a kit , function with one another . To add insult to ignorance Amazon charged me an additional $ 58.99 to return the item . Oh how I miss the days of brick and mortar stores where people tested kits before they sold them and had a live person I could talk to when a mistake like this is made .
 Bought it on Weds , got it on Friday , broken on Saturday ... Tried to vacuum out a Ball Mason Jar , got it to 20 `` HG and my seals let go ... THANKS AMAZON !!!
 Received pump in mid September , it worked albeit with it alot of pumping until around november 15th . Now item is unable to pull a full -28 vaccuum as it was before and will only reach around -22 . Since return window has expired im personally going to spend the hundred bucks onRobinair 15310 VacuMaster 3 CFM Single Stage Pumphopefully it wont let me down like this product has
 I 've been through two of the pumps so far . Got the first one replaced , will do the same for this one . Would never buy again . Just stopped pulling a vacuum . I use it to seal hops in mason jars using the Foodsaver mason jar attachment . Works great until the pump breaks . Look elsewhere .
 I bought this to replace my plastic mighty-vac vacuum pump that was probably two decades old which finally broke its handle . I figured the metal construction would make it a solid product.And it seems to be holding up just fine now ... now that I 've fixed it!At the top of the handle is a small clip that attaches the handle to the rod . This clip popped off the second time I used it ! Luckily I found it on the floor about ten feet away and was able to reinstall it.I ended up putting a quick tack weld over the clip to prevent it from popping off again and now it works great . I suppose a heavier duty clip may also do the job but being I use this several times a day as a professional tech I do n't want to have to keep fixing it!If it does n't hold up I 'll just pay the extra money for a new mighty vac but I was very disappointed to see it break so quickly !
 It lost its ability to get more than 15 &#34; after only a few pumps . Could n't even finish the job , returned .
 Magnaflow 35136 Stainless Steel 2.5 '' Exhaust TipI bought an exhaust tip for my husband for his truck . . It was a Christmas present for him , so obviously I cant show him to make sure that it is the right part . . I got the part # from him , , so that is the one I orderd . . so ON Christmas morning after he opened it , he was inspecting it , he noticed on the side of the box that it is marked ... 4 '' rolled edge tip , , 5 '' long , 2.25 '' ID ... well there is NOTHING on the part # site that says the lenght of it is ONLY 5 '' long . . and it DOES say that it is 2.5 '' ID ... thats a big difference when you have 2.5 '' exhaust pipe . . NOT pleased with this issue . . and also since i bought this awhile ago , I am past the 30 day return period . . I guess I have a new paper weight . .
 Bumped a big Block Chev over one time to find top dead center and never worked again . The switch is open all the time . Headed for radio shack to get a thumb off/on switch and will make a good remote switch from the scraps of this on . I gave it one star for working one time . We have a trade deficit with China because of substandard quality like this . This every American 's fault , including myself , for buying foreign junks and excepting it .
 To begin with , I bough one of these years ago and It did n't work right out the wrap , I had to fix it before using it . The clamps provided are to bulky and big to fit the small & confined starter fittings of different manufacturers and are not practical to most actual real world applications . I actually end up making my own with basic fittings that will fit different starter 's configurations .
 This thing ca n't handle any real amp draw without melting down . Great concept , junk product . I would not buy this product or suggest anyone else do so . You can tell what kind of junk it is right out of the box .
 the instructions on how to connect to an old -LRB- 1970 -RRB- v w beetle were not included . i would not recommend it .
 The pathetic instructions provided diagrams for older domestic car applications and nothing for imports . Furthermore , online information is almost nonexistent for this product , making it useless for myself , a honda owner .
 Received product from amazon in a timely manner . easy to assemble.However , a warning to people . The box states this creeper chair only supports up to 250 lbs.Nowhere on the description of the item does it state that.I weigh about 270 and was unaware of the weight limitations especially since the product says `` heavy duty '' . So for folks out there who weigh above 250lbs , be cautious and think twice before ordering.Otherwise , this is a good product for the money .
 I am only giving two stars because the cushioned seat does not have much cushioning . After sitting on it once or twice it squishes down right to the wood ; consequently it is not comfortable . I have a very sensitive bottom . Other than that it is ok .
 This was given as a gift , and he had to return the product , as he had tried to assemble it and found some screws missing .
 This tool works , but it will fall apart a few times during each use . It 's held together with o rings . So if its occasional use you want it 's ok . Otherwise look elsewhere
 I was extremely disappointed with these floor mats . They were cheaply constructed - so they have been returned . Got much nicer ones at Walmart !
 The seat covers are nothing like the picture . they are baggy in all dimensions and can not be tightened . even the headrest covers have an extra 1/2 '' play . They are about as attractive as a Russian suit .
 I purchased this set for work on a Porsche , removing axle shafts . The 8mm bit rounded off after torquing about -LRB- 10 -RRB- bolts to 30 ft-lbs . I ordered a new part from Snap-On . These do n't seem to hold up well .
 I bought this set to use on a 2003 Mk4 VW GTi axle removal and reinstall . Well , they worked okay to remove the axle , but I just barely got it back on since the 10mm tool rounded off ... and that was after only ONE time use ! I bought these at Pep Boys at the time and should have returned them since they are crap , but I needed them in a pinch over a weekend . I would recommend buying the Schwaben triple square socket set ; Mfg Part #S 15-HBS1406T . Thanks for reading my review !
 These bits do not hold up for multiple uses . The 10mm bit was toast after tightening the bolts on a VW halfshaft to 57 ft-lb . Used the 8mm bit to readjust the door . it is also showing wear after loosening and tightening 2 bolts.buy something that is hardened .
 I purchased this for backup and emergencies . After only three or four uses during the first year , the tire inflater burned out . The company only warranties it for 6 months and would not replace it even thought it was barely used . I do n't know whether the other components work because I never had a need to use them.This raises two concerns . First is the question of reliability if components burn out after a few uses . Second is the question of customer service . If these units are used very infrequently , should n't the warranty be longer ? In summary , should n't we expect the units to last longer ? If not , the buyers should be aware that the units are not reliable and not supported by the company .
 I 've owned my EZ-Scan 6000 for about seven years now . Went to help a friend and realized that I did n't have the latest software to scan newer vehicles -- no big deal , I figure I 'll just update my unit . I tried to download the software and realized that the EZ-PC 500 software does n't work on Windows 7 x64 . Updated the EZ-PC 500 software on my old Windows XP machine , and downloaded the unit 's software , only to find it does n't support vehicles newer than 07 . No , I did n't make a mistake , the release notes for the v4 .07 say the last update was for the 06 & 07 model years .
 MOST vehicles can be tested KOEO -LRB- key on , engine off - memory codes -RRB- with an analog voltmeter and counting needle sweeps , or looking at the CHECK ENGINE light and counting flashes.Just because a code reader gives you a `` 32 '' does n't mean you have a bad part relating to that number . An EGR valve stuck open from carbon on an older EEC-IV Ford will give an EVP sensor out of range -LRB- its not fully extended -RRB- . A kinked MAP sensor hose will give odd problems and false readings . A generic TFI -LRB- ignition module -RRB- will have your car running like crap with no end to repair bills in sight -LRB- until you get a Motorcraft TFI again ! -RRB- . This item is by no means a `` magic wand '' . I had a chance to use one at a friends house ... his hesitation problem was nothing but old spark plugs -LRB- platinum plugs are junk
 Worked great for two years and then took a dump . Called and was told not repairable any longer . Just out 525.00 dollars . Do n't buy anything autoxray makes . It 's a piece of crap .
 I purchased this scanner almost 8 years ago , mainly because it was compatible with both OBDI and OBDII protocols . I own a '91 Chevrolet and needed the OBDI for that vehicle . My other vehicles were all post-1996 OBDII , so I believed this tool would be a great choice . At the time it worked well for me , until I bought a 2006 GM vehicle in 2007 . At that point I discovered that the firmware did not support vehicles later than 2003 model year . A search on their website revealed a firmware upgrade to the tool , which I installed , and upon checking the model year availability in the tool , found out that it only updated to model year 2006 . Well , that solved my problem for the moment , so I did n't give it much further thought , believing that another update would ensue eventually.Fast forward to today
 The internal ribbon cable broke thru 4 traces . And this with no movement internally what so ever . Poor design by folks who do not back their overpriced unit . Might as well have just bought a cheap but robust chinese unit on ebay for 50 bucks instead of 300 . Going to run some wire to bypass the broken traces on the ribbon cable . Should work . Also noted some corrosion around the battery clips internal to the unit . Never seen anything like it . Not sure what the cause of that as most of the time corrosion is at the external battery clips . Suspect some acidic rosin during manufacture . Best to stay away from all these products .
 i have had this for 3 years approximately and used it on about 12 cars and it quit reading gm cars . after reading more online i am finding that many many people are experiencing these dieing early death or stop working after update . at first the performance of this product was lackluster and slow at best . it would read all cars but the read rate was terrible . then one day i hooked it up the read data from a grand am and i got an error code for the unit saying it could not connect . i tried a cavalier and got the same thing . the advertisements for autoxray should read that its only good for a dozen scans and goes some for retirement . i paid 300 bucks for a piece of crap that they wont fix or replace . if you like wasting money buy this . there is no excuse for this POS ! i had to give it one star to post this review it does n't deserve that.cars it wont read97 pontiac grand am97 cavalier99 cavalier2002 cavalier93 grand prix98 grand prixso far no help from the tech support either . i have an old actron original obd scantool that is 12 years old and have used it on a hundred cars and to this day it worked on all gm cars i used it on . i have always taken great care of my tool it is clean without so much as a scratch on it so it has not been abused or broken.update
 Forget this scanner . It does the job for which it is advertised , but the implication that it will receive continuing updates and support to the owner is not reality . AutoXray has been sold to another company and there is no support for this tool . In following the website , I see that it has not changed in the 4 years since I purchased this too . It is an orphan . If you already own this tool , what you have now is probably all you will ever have . I would not buy this scanner new with zero manufacturer support .
 Buyer be ware , Bought this item a couple of years ago and serves its purpose . However when I went to update it with my current laptop the driver does not work & laptop wo n't recognize it ! Contacted tech support & was told -LRB- The AutoXray software is not compatible with Windows 7 . You would need to use a pc with an older version of Windows to use the software -RRB- this is the exact E-Mail response . Asked about possibility of updated driver & was told that -LRB- non are planned When the tool and pc software was written Microsoft had not released Windows 7 . We can not be held responsible for Microsoft not making their systems compatible with prior releases . -RRB- find a older computer with a older operating system . So if you are planning on buying this with the intentions of updating it or downloading data to a newer computer DO N'T .
 used this scanner twice will not scan no tech suppoert will not repair no service do not not buy this product or any spx corp product
 I purchased the EZ-Scan 6000 directly from SPX , the manufacturer , through an upgrade offer on my original EZ-Link . The unit was received without the software disk which is supposed to be included with of the EZ-Scan Tool Kit . I had to call tech support to have it shipped to me . Once received , I tried to boot up the unit . I wo n't boot up , instead only whistles with no display then shuts off . -LRB- I suspect that I was sent a refurbished or returned unit , not a new one . -RRB- Once again a call to tech support service , When they receive this unit back they will send me a new one . Let 's hope it works or it will show on my credit card before before I have a working unit .
 AutoXray AX7000 Tech Scan Diagnostic Code Scanner with Live , Record and Playback Sensor Data Capability and SD Card Slot for UpgradesPurchased this scanner to scan multiple family carsOnly worked partially on 2000 ford f250.After that tried to scan 2009 chevy silverado , 2002 toyota camry , 2002 vw jetta , and 2004 dodge ram 2500Each time problem with scan.interface is very small basic cheap lcd screen , like first lcd calculators.Took 1 month to get hold of customer service to try to update . Then told no updates available at autoxray site.Tool is worth about $ 20 dollarsExtra cables are autoxray specific so they are only work with this tool.Data logging -LRB- only worked on ford -RRB- is a joke just group of numbers all mixed together.Buy different scanner this is just gimmick.EZ scanner is worthless for 90 % of vehicles i tried.Friend has ax7000 model same issues different packaging.AutoXray 6000 EZ-Scan ScannerAutoXray AX7000 Tech Scan Diagnostic Code Scanner with Live , Record and Playback Sensor Data Capability and SD Card Slot for Upgrades
 I own the AX5000 , which has been discontinued but appears to be similar to the current AX6000 model . It was a good value for its purchase price -LRB- around $ 400 in 2006 -RRB- and worked well for me on several vehicles -- until it stopped working last year . Since it was out of warranty by then , I figured I had nothing to lose by looking inside . The problem appears to be nothing more than a defective ribbon cable that connects the keyboard to the circuit board -- apparently it was overbent or pinched at the factory and eventually broke completely . I might as well be trying to get a part for the Space Shuttle , though , for all the help that Autoxray -LRB- a.k.a. SPX Corporation -RRB- gave me on the phone yesterday.After I talked to both the main tech support office in Minnesota and the service repair division -LRB- in Cleveland , OH , apparently -RRB- , I can report definitively that SPX is unable to supply any spare parts or any repair service whatsoever for any Autoxray product . Both warranty and out-of-warranty `` repairs '' are handled strictly through a total replacement of the unit ; for out-of-warranty cases , I deduce that the `` service '' charge is nearly as much as the outright purchase price for a new unit . With some prompting from me , the second rep I talked to admitted that SPX considers Autoxrays to be throw-away products . They are manufactured off-shore by a contractor who likewise can not supply any parts or service.So if anyone reading this review is contemplating the purchase of an Autoxray scanner , my advice is to assume that your money is buying a unit that works for at most a few years , after which time it must be discarded as worthless . And be sure to buy from an authorized dealer so you at least get the one-year warranty -- one of the reps told me that products not bought from authorized dealers have no warranty at all !
 It 's designed to be able to hook up to your computer but check with the autoxray before you buy since in only works with computers running on 32bit operating systems
 The scanner generally works OK but I have found a few problems . The battery check feature is nice -LRB- with an additional add-on such as the EZ-Charge 200 -RRB- but once you use it , I could not get out of the battery test mode without removing the batteries ! The amount of information displayed depends upon the vehicle and also whether it has an OBD-I or OBD-II system.A little while ago , I tried to update the EZ-PC 500 software so I could use the newer USB interface cable . I called the company and spoke to a Support person who told me the software wo n't run on Windows 7 . Windows 7 has been out for more than two years and they still do n't have their software updated to run on it?I spoke to a Supervisor shortly afterward and I was told that the software would work with the Windows 7 32 bit operating system but not the 64 bit version . I suggested that this information be put on their Web site . During the process of trying to update both the EZ-PC 500 software and the EZ-Scan 6000 tool using a computer with the Windows 7 32 bit operating system , it said Not Responding for some time in the Title Bar . Luckily , after waiting a while , in both cases , it finished seemimgly OK.I just called Support again and spoke to a Supervisor about this and I was told that the software will not work with Windows 7 ! I checked their Web site today , perhaps a month later than when I suggested that they put info about their software on it to let people know about it , and I found nothing about what version of operating system their software will run on still!It appears that the company has updating the software and communicating info about this to their customers at a very low priority .
 I was disappointed with the unit when I purchased it 4 years ago . It 's just a code reader . I recently tried to update the progam to the current version using the `` free download '' . Now the unit will not turn on . I sent it in for an estimate . The repair center said they have no means to repair or reprogram the ez scan 6000 . They did offer a replacement for $ 417.61 ! If I wanted the broken one back it would cost $ 50 . I told them to keep it and I that I would never buy from Autoxray or SPX again . There are cheaper and better scanners out there .
 Have had this product for some years now ... Went to update tool from their web site and got errors stating that download did n't complete . Followed on screen instructions and now the tool has no display at all now ... Called their tech support line and was quickly dismissed -LRB- no reset instructions or trying to work through the problem with me -RRB- The tech line quickly said I have to send it in for repair . Sent me by phone to that department for a lady to tell me I needed to talk to tech support again , back to repair lady again for her to tell me that they do not repair this unit themselves . She gave me a number to the repair shop -LRB- on the westcoast -RRB- which I 've not been able to talk to yet . No idea what this -LRB- software -RRB- repair will cost . I 've though about buying a new tool if I had not spent so much on this one . I 'm willing to bet that I 'm not the only one to have these problems . The unit did work well before update . And if anyone else is looking for it , their tech support line is 1-800-228-7667 . I have no idea what if anything they will beable to do for you .
 I baught My Autoxray EZ-Scan 6000 about 3 to 4 years ago . I 've tested about 3 automobiles for personal use.The Scanner Quit Working , so i called the help Number . They said that they did no repair on them.and tried to sell me a new one.They still tell you where to buy them at thier web sight.I lost several hundred Dollers . !!!!!!!!! Do not buy Autoxray code scanners unless you want grief !!!!!
 Support for the AUTOXRAY is non-existent , email discontinued , fax no longer valid , software update for WIN 7 non-existent . AutoXray 6000 EZ-Scan ScannerVery poor customer service . The device is not supported by the manufacturer .
 I just got off the phone with the company that makes this device along with several other scanners , they are now pushing what is called an Actron scanner . Here is their # 800-228-7667 . Who knows how long it will be before they discontinue that line as well . I paid over 400 dollars for my scanner several years ago and went to update the software recently , only to learn the device is now obsolete . They stopped making them in 2007 . Needless to say I now have a high dollar scanner that is worthless for vehicles over 2007 and am very p. ... off to say the least.So when I saw this ad for autoxray that I know specifically is discontinued , I called the company back and asked why are you still selling them , they replied they must be old models floating around the internet because they are no longer available.I did n't want anybody to be mislead , so that is why I am posting this , save your money and buy a device that is current . Again if you want to check for yourself the number is listed above .
 This is the worst glass cleaner I have ever used . Left streaks and a film no matter how many cleaning things used . Like to have never got it off my classic car windshield . Stay away from this product !
 Cleans about as good as a generic window cleaner . Leaves behind streaks no matter if you use a micro-fiber cloth , paper towels , or a crumpled up newspaper . Windex and Invisible Glass foam are better .
 I 'm pretty disappointed in the quality of this cable . It worked great for the first couple of uses , then when I went to put it in the locking position one day . The handle just kept spinning . So it 's pretty much useless now . Just really cheap quality in my opinion . Really poor finish on the handle too . I would spend a little more & get something better than this junk .
 Despite trying on 2 different cars , it did not work as hangers were too short . Adjustment holes were inadequate and I had to drill to attach , removing the chance of return .
 These bars suck so bad that im about to throw them in a metal crusher . they dont work the way the instructions show i wish that i could return them for a full refund .
 Keep your money , I got the bar , and tried it on my truck , the shoe that sits on roof broke as soon as I tried tighten down the strap , by that time I was leaving on my trip , so I had to run a strap all the way around the top of the shoe , and through the inside of my truck , and then it rained and water came into my doors , do n't buy it , CHEAP Junk
 I bought this knowing I should have just spend the money for a Yakima system and was burned . The quality is trash , cheap , flimsy and just a lesson that you get what you pay for . Do yourself a favor and buy a quality roof rack . You have been warned .
 Amazon has the make sure it fits option and my mechanic tried it and says that in fact it does not fit my 96 geo prism base model !
 This is the SECOND time I have been OFFERED this product via e-mail , and the first time I was sent one set , and then later told there would be no more . That item was returned . Then I received ANOTHER e-mail and I attempted to order another two sets . Guess what ... only ONE was available . ONE SET does me no good . I 'll buy the product elsewhere since I can no longer depend on Amazon 's service . I used to be a loyal and frequent buyer ... now I am just a `` sometimes '' buyer ... for obvious reasons .
 I bought this clamp kit to fit a Memphis Shades `` The Shooter '' windshield -LRB- which I love -RRB- for my 2010 super glide custom . Problem is my handle bars are 1.1 / 2 inches in diameter , these are 1.1 / 4 and are the largest Memphis Shades makes . I had to spend another $ 100 to machine clamps that would fit my bars . Bad info from Memphis Shades . My point is they are great and easy to install but only if you have 1.1 / 4 inch diameter bars or smaller .
 The image in the product page has nothing to do with the product . The mirror is not adjustable . The clamp will work if you place it on at least a 2 inch diameter round surface . Despite a rubber coating on the clamp , it still requires securing it with a bolt .
 Ordered a car cover for my husband and thought `` oh yeah I guess he will need this too '' , but I was n't paying attention and the shipping was like $ 7 bucks ... I could 've paid the neighbor kid $ 3 to cycle over to the hardware store if I were feeling too lazy to go myself and I 'm willing to bet I could find a set of equal quality at the dollar store .
 I ordered this ten mm valve adjusting tool and the offer was for this set of feeler gauges with it . Well , It did not say what sizes they were and when I got it , it was worthless to me . Only one of the feelers was within the range I needed for the job I was doing .
 while the mounting options are n't too bad , this thing fails at the rather basic function of mirroring . the surface of a mirror is smooth . the surface of this is not . reflections are wavy and distorted - and I do n't mean the distortion inherent in a convex mirror , I mean waves across the surface . do n't buy it , buy a smooth mirror .
 The mirror 's size is perfect . It stuck to the windshield well , but the mirror 's surface is wavy . I could not see my son clearly enough . It defeated the purpose of having a mirror in the first place . I returned this and will order another type .
 I was given this mirror as a gift from my baby registry and my hope was to attach this to my car visor , and use a separate large mirror on the rear head rest , so I could see my baby in her rear facing car seat.I tried to fit the mirror to my car today . The mirror comes with either a suction cup for mounting to the window glass or a clip , to attach to a visor . I tried mounting the mirror to the clip for the visor , but instead of having a secure ball joint type fastner , there is a stick and hole attachment , so there is nothing to keep the two together , so as soon as I clipped it on to the visor and tried to reposition the mirror , the mirror fell off the attachment.The item is useless and turns out , that I tried this out two days after the return policy window closed , which I did n't realze was only 30 days -LRB- even though this is a baby mirror , it apparently does not qualify for the 365 day return policy with most other baby registry items -RRB- . I am going to try and return this item , even if for a partial refund as it 's no use to me and a waste of money for the person who bought it off my registry .
 The optics on this are terrible . The image is so small - i could n't even tell if my baby had her eyes open or not . If you want to see what 's happening you ` ld have to really stare into it and squint - and by that time you ` ld probably have crashed into something . Would have given this zero stars if possible . Terrible terrible terrible . Not sure any other options are any better though but still do n't use it because i think it 's dangerous .
 I never imagined it would be so small , I could hardly see it in my mirror , let alone see my baby reflected in it . The suction cup does not work . It never stayed up on the window for more than two minutes . no matter how cheap it was - it was paying money for nothing .
 The arm is too short and can not be extended making it difficult to use because my car has a steeply slanted windshield .
 I ordered this set of angled feeler gauges with a special tool that is a screwdriver and a deep well socket to adjust valves on my Honda motor . The parts arrived and the valve adjusting tool is excellent but the feeler gauges were worthless to me ! For some reason I thought that it was a paired item because it was the right tool . So here I wasted my money on there vague description and inflated shipping costs .
 I 'm sure this belt is fine , but it does not fit a 1995 Ford Ranger v6 3.0 L -LRB- and probably many other year Rangers , I 'd guess -RRB- . Amazon 's make-sure-it-fits-your-vehicle tool failed me 4 out of 5 times -LRB- one success , one failure that I recognized before making the purchase , and then three separate failures in a single batch order -RRB- . Do n't trust Amazon 's make-sure tool .
 This does n't fit my 2003 Jaguar S-type even though they say it should . I tried to put it in too late to get a refund . Beware .
 When you purchase a battery charger , what does that mean ? You have a dead battery . Right ? This charger will not work if your battery is dead . There is a feature built in that will not allow it to recognize a battery with 0 charge . If I had a low battery , I could probably get it to start anyway . If you want to spend $ 100 for a batter charger that will not charge a dead battery , this is the product for you.Thank God Amazon has wonderful customer service . They are giving me a full refund and paying for the return shipping .
 I was very disappointed when I received one of these chargers a few days ago . Something rattled in the unit when it was taken out of the box . After turning it over to investigate the noise , a screw fell out of it ! The screw had bits of gray plastic in the threads , so it was probably supposed to be holding something inside the charger , but it appears that the threads were stripped.I plugged it in to test it and found that the rightmost button -LRB- Charge Start -RRB- was defective . It did n't make a clicking noise like the other buttons . It felt like there was no mechanism underneath it . The charger is useless without that button , unless you just want to use it in tester mode.There was also some cosmetic damage to the unit that made me wonder if it was used or refurbished . There was a large scratch on the front , smudges on the case , and the front panel label was folded in one corner . There are four screws around the outside of the case , but one of them has a different head and sticks out more than the others . The cord wrap cleats were already attached even though the manual says that the purchaser has to install them.There was no padding or packing material inside the charger box . However , the shipping box and the charger box were n't damaged , so it does n't seem like any of the problems I found had occurred during shipping.I 'm returning the charger and I do n't plan on buying any more Schumacher products .
 This charger used to work great . The cord storage lugs fell off the first day but that did not affect how the unit charged so I just assumed this was 21st century design quality . However , after about 20 charges the charger ceased to sense the battery state during a charge . Of course , no feedback means no control . The charger continues to display whatever the initial charge state and continues to charge . Turn the charger off and the battery sense will eventually display the battery state . So I thought I would take advantage of the stated 5 year warranty and send it in to Schumacher for repair . OOPS ! Forgot about 21st century responsibility . Schumacher requires the purchaser to send it the registration card to ` activate ' the warranty . Since I did not and will not adhere to this ridiculous concept of you can pay for the product but you 've got to pay for the stamp to get the warranty , the manufacture has managed to wriggle out of their responsibility to design a true 5 year life product . So , I 'm shopping for any brand of charger which is NOT made by Schumacher and when I buy it , I 'll buy a stamp and send them a copy of the receipt .
 it would of been nice if I was sent the right part that I ordered !! I wanted the bulb in the pic . Not the one I got that does n't work . How hard is it to get what you order ?
 These bulbs have a tend to blow out after a month . They do not last long when installed in our van .
 the amazon program determined this cabin air filter fit my 2006 grand vitara , but after i received it i realized this filter does n't fit my car . this filter is 2 pieces but my car only use one piece cabin air filter and the size is totally different . I returned it and got the TYC cabin air filter from amazon .
 same thing happened with me . i ordered Fram CF8726A because Fram 's web-site states it fits my Suzuki XL7 2003 , and on amazon.com it says fits my car , but it does n't . same 2 peace filter received , but car has 1 and different size . I called Fram 's technical support and they working on the problem . as i understand , when they decide to design filter , they request original from dealer , and built their own according to specs -LRB- mostly dimensions -RRB- . if they get the wrong filter from dealer -LRB- thats how Fram gets the original -RRB- , then the design is wrong . they 'll have to recall all of them and change model # for new fitment specifications .
 I checked three times to make sure that this was the part I needed for my car , and was assured by the web site that it would fit , so I ordered it . After waiting a couple days or so it arrived , and I started working on replacing the old one . I took off all the parts and replaced it , then proceeded to to place the other parts back on the engine . When i got to the final piece the intake plenum , it wouldnt sit right . After some checking i discovered that the EGR valve i was told was the right part for my make model and engine size was not indeed the correct fitting part . Now i cant even get the car to run .
 These replacement clamps are poor quality and difficult to set up . I would not buy them again
 This may work for the carb version of the 2002 , but is not meant for the tii . The fuel pressure is much higher and you really need the one with a metal can .
 Roof top carrier is fair weather only . straps that hold carrier to roof go through each door . During rain water is wicked through the strap and runs down the cleat that holds rack in place and into the car . When driving or sitting in the seats it runs all over you . First time used my wife and I both were soaked by the time we returned from our trip . Miserable ! No escaping getting wet until the rain stops ! Now I have a useless roof carrier sitting in my garage .
 I used a very similar car roof carrier 15 yrs ago on a cross country trip from the west coast to the east coast with great success . Unfortunately I gave it away thinking I would never use it again . I found I needed a roof top carrier for a move from the North to South this year , and was pleased to find a very similar item as I had previously used . Well it was not the same product at all.I was n't even 1 hr into my trip when a fully loaded carrier flew from the top of my roof bounced and scraped across the trunk hood -LRB- of a new car -RRB- and landed in the middle of the highway . The carrier was in pieces -LRB- all my possesseions in the carrier were intact as I do know how to use these carriers -RRB- The feet had broken off , the straps appeared to have been sawed threw . Shoddy construction and unsafe ! I do not recommend this carrier .
 I purchased this rack to use on a Scion xa ; it wo n't work on this car . It also wont work on a Chrysler Concord or a 87 Continental Mark 7 . The packaging suggests it will fit most cars but you ca n't prove it by me as I have yet to find a car that it will work with . The rack sits fine on the roof but on all of the newer vehicles I 've tried it on there is no place to fasten the straps . I suggest that you advertise it as fitting SOME cars and research thoroughly before buying .
 I do n't know how anybody can give a positive review for this product . While assembling this product , the rubber hinges actually broke while I was tightening the bolts -LRB- all 4 of them -RRB- . Based on what I observed I am happy that they broke while assembling and not while I was driving . I do n't think this is a safe product . The item was returned the day I received it .
 Piece of junk , do n't waste your money . Does n't strap down on the roof as well as it should . I had to purchase strong straps to hold to roof , and after my trip , I had dings in the roof from it . It now sits in my shed taking up space .
 We purchased this product through Cequent Consumers Products -LRB- Walmart -RRB- the actual make of the basket is very light - as a woman I could easily lift this over the car and place it on . But the straps are pieces of garbage - if you purchase this be prepared to buy new straps before using.We put this on our car - and less than 30 miles into our 1400 mile trip - the whole thing came off the car - damaged it and took a chunk out of the roof panel . The straps were woren through and then ripped apart with the force of the wind on the carrier.I have used rooftop carriers in the past 20 years and NEVER had one fly off.Contacted Cequent - never heard anything back - poor customer service and poor product .
 I returned this . We could n't get the legs to fit properly on the roof of our car . I 'm so glad we did . I ended up getting rails installed on my car and after traveling 800 miles to and back , I would have worried the whole time about loosing my load on top with this thing .
 I will be leaving on vacation next Wednesday and was anxious to put together my car top carrier when I discovered that there was no strapping or gutter hooks to strap it to the automobile in my package .
 This is not an aluminum . . It just steel all that tubes.So , It is very heavy than I thought.and the foots seems to weakest . I 'm very worrying when my car speed up .
 Very good price is partially compensated by two problems : - foot pads can not be moved , which might imply loading weight in less structurally rigid areas of car 's roof - belt hooks are fairly small and do n't hold well to gutterless carsIf I could afford a better one and/or use it more often , I 'd go for a better offer .
 too small for Camry or Prius ... even a little too small for a Civic , but it is easy to fold .
 The product is not good at shading sunlight . The fabric is not opaque but actually sheer , so it lets a lot of sunlight through it . There is also a lot of black fabric fringe , which absorbs heat , further raising the interior heat . Lastly , the way it is sewn together keeps it from fully opening so you ca n't get full coverage across the windshield .
 Brush is not dense enough or long enough to clean wheels . Did an extremely poor job , i had to clean them again they came out that bad . A total waste of money .
 Ordered product and it came right away , BUT it did not work . Emailed company and they sent another one . Same results ... did not work . So , I was at Walmart the other day and saw a Motorola universal wall charger for $ 12 ... plugged it in and it worked fine . Would not recommend buying this product !
 The charger that was sent to me did not work at all . I was very impressed though with the customer service department which sent me a new charger -LRB- that did work -RRB- very quickly .
 I read the other reviews that said it did n't work and I thought , well it 's only a couple of bucks so I 'll give it a try . Well , it was a waste of a couple of bucks - I could have had a latte and enjoyed it much , much more . Product did n't work at all !!
 I received the charger in the mail today and let 's just say it was n't even in a sealed container . It was in a `` zip lock '' type of plastic bag . After I plugged the charger into the outlet and the phone into the charger ... nothing . I tried multiple outlets and still nothing.I do n't think I have ever received something that just flat out did not work . The `` container '' and product speaks eons for this seller .
 Worked well for about a month , would charge somewhat quickly . Until about 3 weeks in the tab to pull out the charger plug from the phone would not work so well . After about 2 days I plugged the charger back into the phone and I tried later to take it out when I took it out the charge plug that went into the phone , the charger 's plug fell apart .
 The guage does n't work in our boat . Not sure if it is defective or not . I would not chance purchasing another .
 This is only one bolt ! why bother call it a kit when it does not adjust both sides ! This should make it more clear it is only one camber bolt ! Adding the word kit was extremely misleading !
 I started a job recently where I need to take the train to work , and that means I have to park in a lot where my car gets 9 - 10 hours of sun each day during the summer . I had a can of diet coke explode in my car in the past , and it was a real mess to clean up , so I know how hot it can get inside a parked car that does n't have a sunshade.I have a 2003 Toyota Camry , and after researching a large number of sunshades that I was told would fit my car , I thought this Type S Jumbo Blue was going to work out well . I came to this conclusion because Type S used to have a similar style sunshade for sale in a non-Jumbo size , and that product clearly said it was too small for a 2003 Camery -LRB- yes they spelled Camry wrong - should have been my first clue ! -RRB- . After opening the box and trying to fit it in my front windshield , it was way too wide , and I had to fold over the ends several times to make it fit my car . The height was good , but the width was horribly off ! Needless to say I returned this product and received a full refund , including shipping , due to the problematic description .
 the product was described to be a roll up shade . but it is not . its a fold-up shade . the description should be correct so people wo n't buy the wrong product .
 this does n't come close to fitting my 2007 Altima steering wheel . Whoever designed this made it way too rigid and small to fit most cars . Im not sure how the other guy got the cover on and im not sure what ill even do with mine now . Ive had plenty of steering wheel covers over the years and they were all difficult to get on , but not impossible . look for another style and save urself the money .
 La caja llego a mis manos destapada y muy sucia , adentro con marcas de manos y huellas de grasa . La caja estaba muy estropeada y no estaba sellada , no recomiendo a este vendedor .
 I do n't know if it was defective , but it burnt the first time I plugged it.Fortunately Amazon refunded me in full . Thank you Amazon !
 Used this product while on vacation to power my laptop so my daughter could watch DVD 's on the 14 hr . trip . Seemed to work fine on the way there , but the next week on the way home we kept getting alarms on the device so we shut it off . An hour later everything in the car died and it cost me $ 450 dollars for an alternator replacement . Is it coincidence ? I do n't know - but I wo n't be using the product again to find out !
 After reading the reviews , I purchased this hitch for my 2000 Ford Explorer . Unfortunately , the holes on the hitch did n't come close to lining up to the holes on the frame . Spent extra time and money finding someone with a plasma cutter to make it work . Was n't worth the hassle ! I recommend purchasing a hitch at a shop that will install it as well .
 The wrong item was sent , but we were extremely pleased with Amazon 's return and refund . This hitch showed it would fit in the description for ordering , so I hope a correction has been made to keep anyone else from ordering in error . My husband called Curt Manufacturing to get the correct hitch number to use when we reordered .
 After reading the reviews , I purchased this hitch for my 2000 Ford Explorer . Unfortunately , the holes on the hitch did n't come close to lining up to the holes on the frame . Spent extra time and money finding someone with a plasma cutter to make it work . Was n't worth the hassle ! I recommend purchasing a hitch at a shop that will install it as well .
 The wrong item was sent , but we were extremely pleased with Amazon 's return and refund . This hitch showed it would fit in the description for ordering , so I hope a correction has been made to keep anyone else from ordering in error . My husband called Curt Manufacturing to get the correct hitch number to use when we reordered .
 Very disappointed with this item . The product was made of a stiff plastic , and it had an unpleasant plastic odor . Not what I wanted for making my seat-belt more comfortable !
 The wrong item was sent , but we were extremely pleased with Amazon 's return and refund . This hitch showed it would fit in the description for ordering , so I hope a correction has been made to keep anyone else from ordering in error . My husband called Curt Manufacturing to get the correct hitch number to use when we reordered .
 After reading the reviews , I purchased this hitch for my 2000 Ford Explorer . Unfortunately , the holes on the hitch did n't come close to lining up to the holes on the frame . Spent extra time and money finding someone with a plasma cutter to make it work . Was n't worth the hassle ! I recommend purchasing a hitch at a shop that will install it as well .
 I tried this with a simple 100 Watt light bulb and it would n't even power it up . I tried several different small appliances and they all held the same results . It would just make an annoying , high pitched screech and the green light would turn red . I hope this was just a fluke but this one was DOA . Have not had time to see about returning it yet .
 I hooked up a 250 watt load to this 750 watt inverter , flipped the switch , and thick brown smoke came out . I had previously tried using a schumacher 400 watt inverter on the load , but it smoked , so I tried the bigger one . So much for their overload protection .
 This product was returned . I would guess it is 29 guage.It was replaced with Dee Zee rails that are of a heavier guage .
 while there is no reviews or any description for this item and the price was good i took a chance and bought this item hopping that it would be good when it arrived i was chocked of the low quality of this item first it is not chrome as the pics shows then you can not open the wiper arm when you want to clean the glass , then the oem one is adjustable this one is not and it is long .
 Started to fall apart within 1 month of occasional use . Tufts of the red yarn just started to fall out . Unimpressed and will certainly no be repeating that mistake .
 I just purchased a new car and bought one of these locally -LRB- Pep Boys -RRB- to try to have a very quick and easy way to keep the interior of the car dust free between full cleanings . The product I got might be a newer version , I 'm not sure ... it was marked as `` California Dash Duster - Original ! '' so I think it 's probably the same one that others have reviewed.As soon as I took the product out of the package the red fibers began falling out of the mop head in clumps . A little bit of gentle tugging would produce another big gob of red fibers.I figured this was just a symptom of the brush being new ... so I shook it out very well and let it `` air out '' for a couple of days sitting on some newspapers -LRB- which is similar to what you are supposed to do with the regular California Car Duster -RRB- . I then proceeded to give the black dash of my car a quick once over with this product ... . the results were not good . I now had red lint on EVERYTHING in the car . It was quite noticeable . I actually picked up a buddy for lunch and one of the first things he commented on was `` what 's with all the red fuzz ? '' . Not good.I ended up getting a Swiffer and using that to clean up the car and it worked much much better . Perhaps the one I got was simply defective , but I ended up tossing it in the waste basket . $ 10 lesson in what not to buy . I will use something else to clean the dash from now on and can not recommend this particular item .
 This item stopped working the instant I plugged a second socket into it , and is now junk . At least it was so low in cost that it is n't worth paying shipping to return . Stay away from this item .
 the product arrived quickly in great condition . . however only one week after using the product -LRB- awesome concept and was able to multi task -RRB- it got stuck in the adapter socket . After finally pulling it out days later , half of it got stuck in the adapter slot and i had to take it to the shop to get it out without breaking my adapter socket ... so the product worked for all of a week . . buyer beware ... awesome concept , cheap product or design
 The wrong item was sent , but we were extremely pleased with Amazon 's return and refund . This hitch showed it would fit in the description for ordering , so I hope a correction has been made to keep anyone else from ordering in error . My husband called Curt Manufacturing to get the correct hitch number to use when we reordered .
 After reading the reviews , I purchased this hitch for my 2000 Ford Explorer . Unfortunately , the holes on the hitch did n't come close to lining up to the holes on the frame . Spent extra time and money finding someone with a plasma cutter to make it work . Was n't worth the hassle ! I recommend purchasing a hitch at a shop that will install it as well .
 these lights are not bright at all . they are useless cause they only emit an extremely low blue glow . Not a good buy .
 I have used this product for over 50 years and liked it . When I bought it on line it came with a stick-on label on the top that said `` some settling may acore '' . When I opened it , to my surprise , the can was only half full if that .
 The fan worked great at first , but within a hour of usage it started making a noise and completely locked up . Very embarrassing on my custom 69 Camaro . On a high note Amazon.com 's return service is fantastic . Just hope the replacement last a little longer than a hour .
 Not soft at all , twists up and shrinks horribly when washed -LRB- on cold even -RRB- . Not a good buy even at this price .
 I love Febreze products and had high hopes for this system . It was place in a very small bathroom where the kitty box is and the only difference it made was added noise . Was so disappointed , even more so that I did not keep the packaging to send it back . It was worth a try but not what I hoped for .
 The fan volume is like that of a very loud desktop computer , an xbox , or a refrigerator . Not recommended if you do n't want to add additional white noise to your house . I can hear this thing whirring away from the next room .
 This product does not work - I 'll never buy a replacement filter for it . Once it needs one I 'm throwing it away .
 I bought this to try to remove cat litter box odor . The litter box is in a closet in the laundry room and we keep the door to the closet open about 6 inches -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- . I clean the box out every day or at most every two days if I forget so I have good habits there . The smell is still here . I put this product near the opening of the closet door for about a month and did n't notice much difference at all in the laundry room . Then I put it right in the closet above the litter box and there is still no difference even with cleaning it out so often . I even started using litter with baking soda and buying baking soda in bulk at a warehouse store and dumping it in with the litter with a one inch layer on the bottom as I 've read . It has been about 2 months and the filter indicator shows that it is only half way used up so I guess it will go another 2 months.So I am happy that the filter lasts so long , especially being right in the closet with the box but I am not impressed that it is not removing very much of the odor at all , if any.I do n't see that this product would be useful in any room of the house if it barely works in a small closet.Would not buy again and probably wo n't continue using this one when the filter goes bad .
 I bought this because when I worked in a group home 5 years ago they used it in the laundry room and it completely got rid of the urine and feces smell . I bought it for my pet area . It is right next to the training pad/potty patch without the grass and it does nothing to get rid of the smell .
 I 've noticed other people giving this a high rating for `` subtle '' odors -LRB- like stale rooms -RRB- This unit , however is NOT effective on tougher odors . I had the choice of buying replacement filters for my purifier or buying this unit . At around $ 13 , I thought it was a bargain . Not so . I 've had it plugged in behind two litter boxes -LRB- and these are boxes I clean frequently and also empty several times a day -RRB- . It 's supposedly `` working '' -LRB- I can see the filter `` timer '' -RRB- but as far as controlling odors , it does absolutely nothing . My next purchase will be for filters for my existing purifier .
 THE COVER WILL NOT STAY ON I 'M CONSTANTLY CHANGING FILTERS CAUESE IT DOS ` NT SEEM TO WORK , AT FIRST IT DID.THE FILTERS THAT WERE RECOMMENDED DO NOT FIT AT ALL !!!
 Without the scent attached , this is useless . I used a bowl of coffee grounds in the smelly pantry which worked better .
 I installed this in late 2003 when I bought my brand new 2004 Tahoe Z71 . I thought it was a great product at the time but after my second fender bender in 4 years I finally removed it . The way it bolts onto the frame allows the grille guard to smash into the hood in a mild fender bender . The holes for the bolts on the frame are elongated making for an easier installation , but the only thing that keeps the grille guard from moving around is tightening the bolts . That works great to keep it steady until you hit something . Then the bolts slide and allow the top bar to smash into your hood . OUCH ! After both accidents the grill guard came out completely unscathed . I could n't even find a scratch . My hood and headlights were ruined though . After the first accident when my -LRB- moron -RRB- brother backed into it -LRB- in my driveway while everyone was standing there , mouths agape , watching -RRB- a body shop was able to repair the hood . After the second accident where I rear-ended another SUV my hood , one headlight , and one fender were damaged beyond repair and had to be replaced . The damage was well over $ 1000 , although my insurance covered it minus my deductible . But that was enough for me . The grille guard has been removed . Now I get better handling and gas mileage .
 My purchase from Super Bargain Now was a horrible experience . I recommend that Amazon should quit their affiliation with them immediately . Super Bargains Now advertised a price on their web page and I bought the product . They then refunded my money and said the price was no good . I will never do business with Super Bargains Now or Amazon ever again . I do not see how a company can advertise a price and not back it up . It was blatant false advertising .
 This Guardian Generator Model # 04582 is JUNK.DO NOT BUY.I have had this generator for 4 months and it hasnot run right yet . Hunts badly from 55 to 65 cycles.Now , I ca n't get it to start.Customer Service is horrible . Ca n't get a phone numberto talk to anyone at Guardian.The Authorized Dealer in my area does not know what wrongwith the generator and will not give me a number so I can send it back .
 The engine hunts up and down every few seconds.So the light get bright and then dimThe engine cycles between 58 and 62 cycles per secondThe Authorize Service dealer said this ca n't be fixWorks good on lights but on electronic equip this is bad .
 I thought this bracelet was going to be a good buy . In fact I thought I was getting a good deal . But of course I was wearing it and it stretched out and almost broke ; now how does a bracelet like this stretch out , that only means it is shortly going to break completely .
 I received the wrong product it was for a totally different transmission I contacted the supplier and he fixed the problem . I gave him the same info as I did with Amazon including the VIN number . When I contacted the supplier he asked the same information and he said that he will send the right kit for my transmission . He was very helpful I will recommend him to my friends if they need parts .
 The wrong item was sent , but we were extremely pleased with Amazon 's return and refund . This hitch showed it would fit in the description for ordering , so I hope a correction has been made to keep anyone else from ordering in error . My husband called Curt Manufacturing to get the correct hitch number to use when we reordered .
 After reading the reviews , I purchased this hitch for my 2000 Ford Explorer . Unfortunately , the holes on the hitch did n't come close to lining up to the holes on the frame . Spent extra time and money finding someone with a plasma cutter to make it work . Was n't worth the hassle ! I recommend purchasing a hitch at a shop that will install it as well .
 This seat cover did not fit my small SUV seat . Can not recommend it for anything but small car seats
 After reading the reviews , I purchased this hitch for my 2000 Ford Explorer . Unfortunately , the holes on the hitch did n't come close to lining up to the holes on the frame . Spent extra time and money finding someone with a plasma cutter to make it work . Was n't worth the hassle ! I recommend purchasing a hitch at a shop that will install it as well .
 The wrong item was sent , but we were extremely pleased with Amazon 's return and refund . This hitch showed it would fit in the description for ordering , so I hope a correction has been made to keep anyone else from ordering in error . My husband called Curt Manufacturing to get the correct hitch number to use when we reordered .
 Just an alert . I purchased a top-of-the-line Exide battery two years ago . The first one failed , and was replaced by NTB . That in turn failed , and since NTB had dropped Exide , Exide `` customer service '' told me to select a similar battery and submit the receipt and manufacturing number for reimbusement.Only now , Exide refuses to refund my purchase price -- far less than the original Exide battery -- even though the Exide battery had a 36-month free replacement guarantee.Steer clear .
 I 've only used it on frost so far , but it simply does n't work . No matter how much pressure you apply , only the edges of the scraper come in contact with the glass . Maybe it works better for heavier ice , but for frost , the free one I got years ago works much better . Pretty disappointing .
 Having lived in upstate NY all my life , most of it near Lake Ontario -LRB- which might as well be above the Arctic Circle -RRB- I am fairly picky about snow and ice-related products . My favorite ice scraper -LRB- we go back 16 years together -RRB- is on it 's last legs and I have been eager to find a worthy successor . Having read many reviews I was inclined to go with the brass-blade type but was worried that I would gouge my windshield in short order , so I went with this one because of it 's glowing reviews.Well , I ought to have looked more closely at where these folks were located -- most of them were in areas that only occasionally have ice problems . More than one reviewer mentioned how much better this is that using a credit card . Yes , this is better than that , but if you live somewhere that you have a hard time finding an ice scraper perhaps you do n't really know about ice scraping.This does n't work as well as the 16 year old scraper I am replacing and it has n't even got really icy yet . If this is working this poorly in Noveber I ca n't wait to see how inferior it is in January or February.This is average at best and it is my expectation that it wo n't hold up to one season 's worth of use , it just does n't feel solid . I will keep using it just to see how it holds up but my quest for the next big thing in the ice scraper world continues .
 I got this item hoping that my `` car sunglasses '' -LRB- never drive without them -RRB- will be in one spot and easy to find in my car . Unfortunately they 're too big for this holder . I guess it 's for glasses with very thin rims .
 I was hoping to use only one hand to secure or release my sunglasses , but it does n't work that way . The cover is not spring loaded , so when facing down on the visor it tends to open by itself . My sunglasses are not too big , but they do n't fit well in this holder .
 snapped in 2 a few days from purchase , ended up tossing it , save your money
 Bullydog makes great products I 've used them before . However this kit looks like it fought the battle of Fallujah before it got to me , pipe was dented real bad , especially at the seams . Had to spend a lot of time with pliers and a rat tail file just to get the pipes to fit . Then twisting them to line up just right became almost impossible . It was probably the shipper -LRB- UPS -RRB- but who really knows .
 I ordered this as a Xmas present and there was no place to put in your personalization . So we are sending it back . Disappointed . The directions on this page make no sense . Maybe its just me , but they should really make their directions for personalization easier .
 I DIDNT THINK THIS SMALL FIRST AID KIT WAS WORTH THE MONEY . THE CASE WAS CUTE , BUT THE INSIDE WAS LAME . COULD HAVE FILLED WITH MORE AND BETTER ITEMS .
 These are very weak magnets , not even strong enough for a refrigerator magnet . They are also a lot smaller than the photo indicates . The large blue magnet is about 4 1/4 inches across and the others are much smaller .
 I bought these magnets because I love Butterflies and I wanted to put them on my car.It stated that they were strong enough to hold up and stay on your car at a high speed.Well , I guess they would stay on at a high speed if you put them on the front of your car , because if you put them on the side they 'll end up on the car behind you ... . Not a good choice .
 I bought two of these brushes and the heads of both broke off almost immediately . Plastic swivel is thin and can not take any stress when pushing/pulling snow .
 Bought 2 of these for winter , one for each car.Both of them broke within 2 minutes of first use -LRB- removing moderate snow -RRB- , leaving us stranded .
 I was so looking forward to getting these seat covers . I loved the product shot look and read the one negative review about the threading and thought for the price it was worth the risk still . But once they arrived the first thing that hit me after opening the package was the strong chemical smell . They looked great still and the stitching seemed well put together so I thought it was just a temporary odor issue similar to any new vinyl type product . I decided to just put them on my Jeep Wrangler and to keep the windows open to air out and it should be fine later on.Well my next even bigger disappointment was that the seat covers did not fit my Jeep Wrangler bucket seats . Due to concave of my bucket seats and their size being too large , they puckered and looked wrinkled plus the elastic is just too flimsy to hug the lower seat and stay in place . I still left them on in part to think about ways to make them fit better but also to see if the odor would go away . Even after a day of airing out the smell was still too strong to tolerate so the combo of poor fit and odor meant I would return them.I still gave a two star rating because I really liked the look of these covers and wish they worked . They may very well fit other types of bucket seats and possibly a longer period of airing out could mean the chemical odor goes away .
 The cord is so short that it ca n't reach high enough to read the map after plugged into the cigarette lighter outlet .
 hello i just ordered the winnie the pooh and piglet paradise 4pc floor mats set plus bonus license frame but i didnt get the license plate . i need the license plate frame because that is showed in the picture when u buy it.contact me at lizi1509@hotmail.com i need an answer please
 i had to grind the drive pins to make the tool pass over the strut . it worked after that but the slots for the drive pin mushroomed out and i had to clean them up with a file . not an every day tool thats for sure . rent it if you can .
 It 's too small to try and hold for car tires . Takes too long to register . You have to first push the ready button to `` wake it up '' . The gauge is fickle about how you press it against the tire nozzle . Hard to read in bright sunlight . I plan on abandoning this thing at the air station at the gas station . It 's better than guessing , but I wo n't keep it.The Accutire MS-4021 would be the way to go . I bought this one a few years ago for another car and it works fast , automatically lights & has no buttons . Another good gauge is something like the Milton Dial Type Tire Gauge .
 so i received this as a christmas present and i am experiencing the same problems as the other person about how the display doesnt read anything , the flashlight comes on inconsistently . i am going to have to send it back !
 This is a throwaway piece of trash . It did not work well when it worked at all . It quit working altogether within a few months . Look elsewhere .
 It is very light in weight.There is a LED light with seperate switch to point and find Key-holes which is very handy.The Digital pressure guage most of the times shows error.You have to hold this in a specific position for it to read and give results.And finding this correct angle each time is a big task.Reading on the guage is not very exact but some where nearby.Instead of 29 , it shows 27 or 27.5 I would suggest you go in for more quality -LRB- expensive models -RRB- so that you do n't end up buying similar items over and over educating yourself which brand/model really serves the purpose and is durable.THIS IS AN AVERAGE PRODUCT !
 First unit arrived broken , nothing at all on the LCD display and only inconsistent flashlight operation.Amazon immediately shipped another , but it too is faulty , and in very similar way.Not sure what 's up - I had a simpler accutire gauge before that worked great , and it only failed after getting wet and corroding.Accutire has a good reputation - is there just a bad batch at Amazon right now ?
 The tire gauge that I received did n't work . It looked good but did n't work . I returned it to the company -LRB- UPS w/paid shipping to return a working gauge to me -RRB- almost 3 weeks ago but have n't heard anything from them . Not good ! Certainly not happy ! Amazon - do you check out your vendors?Matthew
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 READ THIS ... I have a 2002 Suburban and I had to remove the quick-connect `` T '' hose fitting from the heater core . This tool did n't work at all for me . There just is n't enough room to get this tool around the heater core pipe . I gave up after 15 min . of trying . I finally found the trick using no tool ... Dont just pinch the tabs on the hose fitting and pull . You need to pinch the tabs , then push the fitting forward towards the fireware -LRB- this removes the tension on the tabs against the pipe -RRB- , then pull forward . It comes right off . The trick is getting the tension off the tabs first by pushing forward with the tabs depressed . Once to do it , you 'll go `` wow that was easy '' . The rear heater hose comes off the same way .
 You live and you learn . I bought this to remove the valve springs on my 92 civic 1.5 L cylinder head . I removed all the exhaust springs by luck and could not remove any of my intake springs . I regret buying this product for that cause .
 The rebuilt unit failed within 6 months of installation . There appears to be a `` dead spot '' -LRB- bad commutation -RRB- on the motor . The window simply will not go down for several days and then seems to cure itself . When the motor is running a repeating hesitation is heard .
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 Not shipped as shown on photo . No brackets to keep it in place . They want to sell you a floor mat that will roll up under your feet , blocking the pedals and cause you to wreck and die . This company sucks really bad .
 i purchased this 93-97 Honda Del Sol radiator coolant overflow expansion tank reservoir from Best Price Mirror and they are a total rip off . The product that they advertised was not what they sent to me . They have not contacted me since then . Rite now I have the part and it is useless to me , what do I do with it , do n't know which type of vehicle it fits . I 'm totally disappointed with Best Price Mirror .
 Ordered this part for my 2004 XG350 and when it arrived I noticed it was 1 '' in diameter smaller than what is stock on my vehicle . AND YES , THE PART NUMBER WAS CORRECT ! -LRB- I wonder if this was meant for the European vehicles . -RRB- I was able to return the items to Amazon and they paid for the return shipping . NO HASSLE!I have never had good luck with the Beck/Arnley products . I stay far away from them .
 We all know how tight press-in power steering pulleys are . unfortunately this tool are made of low quality metal . When I try to press in the p/s pulley , the Stub that threads into the P.S pump shaft snap off , and left a piece of the tool stuck in the p/s pump shaft.I do not recommend this tool , it left me stranded in the middle of a job .
 I bought this inverter at a Wisconsin Office Depot for a winter trip to Florida . I did not have a chance to try it on the drive down . Five months later on the return trip I discovered that it did not work -- no indicator light , nothing -- the cigarette lighter receptacle worked fine . A sticker on the device says Q.C. PASSED . It was too late to get a refund from Office Depot . Junk .
 Feels solid and looks well constructed . Small form factor . Power cable fits nice and snug . There 's a 2A fuse on the underside covered by a rubber cover . I think you need pliars to remove it b/c I was unable to with my fingers . When you plug in the APV12US the internal fan turns on and is VERY loud . Only a lot of road noise and music will mask the sound . -LSB- I previously owned a Xantrex XPower 175 Inverter and it was completely silent . Loved it , but it only has one 3-prong plug . -RSB- I bought the APV12US with the intention of using the EmPower connection on an international flight . The two 3-prong ports and USB port looked like nice options to have . Hopefully this unit will last , but seems like the fan might be the first thing to go.Weight
 The product is producing a high pitch sound when the internal fan activates . At first I thought it is coming from on open window in the car but eventually finds out it was coming from this thing . The form factor though is good , it is small and portable to carry in my laptop bag but using it in a car is very annoying for me because of the fan noise . I 'll plan to return it . I 'm not sure though if there 's a better option out there .
 The actuator can be used on your vehicle somewhat successfully . This updated version as they call it does not have one of the factory installed connections on it . This missing component 's function is to disarm the alarm on the vehicle when you unlock that door with your key . If a remote is used , or the other side is unlocked with your key , this is n't a problem . However , the new actuator from GM is also missing this component . Your only option to fix it correctly is to buy the entire door lock mechanism from GM , which is $ 250 at my local dealer . I will stick with this product because of the price difference .
 Installed four months ago and unit is now starting to fail . Spend a little more money and get a quality product .
 Please note
 This item was not as advertised . It was completely the wrong shape . And , getting a refund has been difficult . I was very disappointed in this product .
 I had my new pipes installed and found out that the first 8 inches or so are single wall pipe . They colored in the first 10 miles . They were installed with brand new compression gaskets . They sound great , so i just have to live with the coloration at the beginning of pipes .
 Installed these along with a Monroe SS shocks & c3fab ext , lower & upper control arms and the ride height is wacked . Looks like the back sits lower than the front . I will definitely be replacing these in the near future and I will NEVER EVER buy another Eibach product . I 've installed Sprint & H&R Springs and loved them both . Eibach has good ride quality but looks STOOOOOOPID on your car . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!! Yes I gave the springs time to settle and they are installed correctly with the end of the lower coil between the drain plugs in the lower control arm . Never dreamed I would have a problem like this from a reputable spring maker .
 Item was recieved with Ford instructions when item was bought for a GM product . Called there service line for assistance but was put on hold for 10 minutes then I hung up . Item i 'm sure works but as far as it being '' Do-It-Yourself Programming '' i 'm not sure about that .
 I installed two of this part number on a 2001 Safari SLT 7 passenger van myself . One on the passenger door the other on the drivers door.They look great and fit perfect . When I tested them they were extreamly noisy slamming the rod to lock and unlock the doors . Checked my work and didnt find anything out of place to cause the excessive noise Buttoned the door panel up with all new fastteners and went on with life.Just about a year later the lock motor on the drivers door quit working would not so much as click . You could not even use the manual inside lock button or the key to unlock or lock the door everything was frozen . My wife was going to an out of state water park and asked me to at least get the door to lock manually for her . I removed the door panel and had to remove the linkage to get the door lock to work manually for me . I removed the lock motor and found it to be seized up and no part of it would move . Not going to install another Dorman product because of the short life span of the one motor I ordered a VDO brand replacement . Before I got the replacement installed the passenger door lock motor started making a loud noise and would not move the lock . I ordered Delco brand lock motor for it fearing that the VDO brand might not be as good as a OEM unit . When the new parts came in the Delco part was labeled VDO so long story short I am running two VDO door motors in the van . I will let you know how they work as at this time they are quiet and working well.FYI the passenger side motor had the gears stripped out on the plunger . The drivers door motor had a seized motor .
 I tried both the Dorman 746-014 and the VDO AC89312 and the VDO product is much better , VDO AC89312 Door Lock Actuator . The Dorman did not have enough power to lock and unlock my door and did not fit properly in the bracket of my 89 Jeep . However , the VDO fit perfectly and worked perfectly . Both are about the same price .
 The original part is metal components this part only has a metal cover for appearance . The lock only opened the lock half way and sounded like grinding inside . huge pile of crap . Buy the OEM GM part which is available on amazon .
 When it worked , it was great.But it does n't hold a charge . I have used it maybe twice , and now it does n't hold a charge -LRB- not sitting around for two weeks , does n't hold a charge for even five hours -RRB- . Do n't buy this product . Not worth it .
 We purchased this product to recharge cell phones while camping . Having charged it as directed , we were dismayed to find out that the battery was completely discharged on arriving at our campsite . We checked to make sure we had not somehow left something `` on '' , but that was not the case . On return home , we tried charging the battery again , and found that the unit would not hold a charge . On contacting Xantrex , they said the unit might be defective and we could try returning it to where we purchased it ! Since this was outside the return period allowed by Amazon , we then asked if Xantrex would take it back . Needless to say , after numerous e-mails to them , which `` customer service '' appeared to not read carefully if at all , we were told they would look at it but if it was n't under warranty we would be responsible for any bench time to diagnose the problem ! This despite the fact that the item supposedly comes with a 6 month warranty and it had been purchased less than six months before . They repeatedly asked for information we had already sent . There was no offer to pay shipping to them.Given the relatively low price of the product , the cost to ship , and the risk that they would somehow decide the problem was our fault and charge us for the privelege , we 've elected to simply discard the unit.I would rate this as no stars if that were possible . I think the product itself is a good idea , but the company is one of the worst I 've ever dealt with .
 comes with built in watt meter and dc voltmeter that have no accuracy -LRB- worthless -RRB- just to make sale . i called power bright about problem and tech reprehensive said they were all made like that . if i knew about this i would not have bought , lost all faith in unit . what is the sense of putting a four digit -LRB- digital -RRB- meter on the unit with no accuracy . great engineering . i have a 35 watt load on and it shows 0000 watts , i have a 100 watt load and it shows 40 watts . the last digit alway shows a 0 in volt or watt mode . LOL
 Does NOT reset after ` overload ' condition . Powered 1000 watt -LRB- digital readout -RRB- convection oven for 10mins . Unit went into ` overload ' condition -LRB- I suspect temperature overload -RRB- even though fan running with full airflow availability . I shut down unit and after cooling , turned on the pwr-switch . Unit registered red-led + chirp -LRB- overload -RRB- and would not deliver output power . Disconnected from battery source overnight . Reconnected and tried again . Same failure . There is NO seperate ` overload ' reset swtich . It appears that the internal ` firmware ' is ` stuck ' in `` overload-protectioin '' mode . Now it 's a pretty blue paper-weight . -LRB- first use -RRB- .
 Here I am in post-Sandy Long Island . No power , but I had planned for this after Irene . I hooked up the inverter to my car battery and ran some lights -LRB- about 120W worth -RRB- for 3 hours on the first night I lost power . On the second night the unit was dead . The alarm was constantly on , there was no digital readout , no nothing . It did n't run even with no load . The fuses were fine -LRB- n.b. use some vise grips to get those nasty suckers out -RRB- and Power Bright support told me I need to send the unit in . Not actually very convenient , considering I really needed it during the blackout , not a week or two later . Well , the little 175W Peak inverter I got as stocking stuffer last Christmas is still running four days later , so I 'm sticking with that and returning this paperweight to That Store With Really Liberal Return Policies . No more Power Bright for me , thanks very much .
 I would not buy another one of these . I liked the idea of a watts and voltage display , but the watts only displayed 4 zeros always . The voltage meter was inaccurate by several hundred mv . Also , the posts on the back are too close together which means you ca n't use conventional clamps but must use the screw post fittings to clamps that come with the set -LRB- or make your own -RRB- . Also , I have discovered that one -LRB- of 3 -RRB- fuses can run 1/4 the cost of the whole unit . Yikes ! Be careful!Delivery was speedy , price was good , but you only get what you pay for . A nice looking compact unit but not quite ready for prime time .
 I can say its only good for charging cell phones or other light devices , not good for work or household appliances
 the poor design left out the reset button , 1 0verload lockout , you 're screwed out of 70.00 . I still need one , as a courtesy claim of warrantee defect . Otherwise , goodbye amazon and power bright
 Item was defected . After running item from 12.8 V down to 12v a lot of watts gone through this inverter in two days I decided to shut down inverter over night . Next morning when I turn it back on it does n't work no more :--LRB- . It turned on for a second and turn off right away , keep in mind I did not have a load on so it was not overloaded .
 I bought it to use during Sandy black out and paid 26.94 for one day delivery but Amazon shipped it 2nd day air . It passed the initial test with 100watt incandescent light bulb , but died immediately when I turn on 80watt fluorescent light . I checked the fuses and found no issue there . Being without power for 5 days , I just want to get it to work , so I open the case hoping to find a reset switch or a loose connection but none found . Now , I have to stuck with a none working unit and a bitter taste .
 Xantrex 854-0150 Xpower Battery ChargerDo n't know what to think . I received the JumpCharger yesterday and the internal battery wo n't accept a charge.I contacted Xantrex customer service . They told me that this particular unit was manufactured in 2004 ; that the battery had apparently set on the shelf all this time and now is no good ; that they have discontinued the manufacture of this item ; and that replacement batteries are not available . He offered to exchange for a model 400 but the JumpCharger is no longer available . `` Caveat Emptor '' . I do n't know what to think because an internet search shows that several companies are selling this item .
 Followed the simple instructions . Charge the unit first -LRB- internal battery -RRB- . Connected first battery and the display could not indicate battery charged state -LRB- in amps or percentage -RRB- . Ran down the second battery -LRB- so that I knew it would need to be charged -RRB- . Again , it gave no indication and did not allow me to select the charge rate . I am very disappointed with this device .
 I purchased at a great price 2 of the X power 300 's with the inverter from Overstock and they have been fabulous . I have used them for over 3 years to charge hundreds of NICAD , NIMH and LI-POLY batteries . I could n't be happier . I then purchased the Powerpack 150 and have really been disappointed with it . I have some friends who purchased it as well thinking that it would perform like the 300 watt version who have also been extremely disappointed in it 's performance . I have read online how others have commented that it is lucky if it will even charge a flashlight battery . I charge one 1400 ma battery and that it just about all it will do . Basically all 's you get with the powerpack is a 12 pound piece of dead weight with a small flashlight built in . I should have returned it but I thought that it would get better with time but it did n't . I would definitely check out the reviews on this model before even thinking about it . I saw one review that basically said the same thing I did but thought that it must have been a fluke . It was n't , it is a piece of junk . If X power is reading this , I would gladly retract my statement if you send me a replacement unit that performs anywhere near the 300 's . I would n't take the time to post this if the unit was anywhere near decent , but it is n't . I paid almost the same for the 150 as I did for the 300 because I was so happy with my 300 's . So my best advice is BEWARE of this unit . I still need a replacement so if anyone knows of a great unit like the 300 for a good price post a rating on this site and I will check it out .
 Had to order a second mirror after the first one simply fell off . The adhesive provided with the mirror is weak . Buy some strong adhesive from Home Depot or somewhere and attach this mirror and all will be well .
 What I received are three fasteners and three caps , not 4 . I feel very disappointed . Also the wrapper is not the same as shown in the picture . They are totally different brands .
 1 . The screws I received is another brand , not as shown in the picture .2 . They are too long to match my Saab license plate holder , useless for me .
 We bought a new radiator from amazon.com -- a Spectra Premium CU2307 . Installed it , drove around the neighborhood , and everything seemed okay , so I drove it about 30 miles . Then , just as I was parking , a couple ounces of transmission fluid suddenly spilled out . The transmission dipstick was very hot!After leaving it parked for 3 hours we added transmission fluid back to the appropriate dipstick level before driving it again . At first it slipped badly in reverse but worked okay in all forward gears . After 2 or 3 more attempts reverse no longer worked at all , and it slipped in all gears.We discovered that the new Spectra Premium radiator 's transmission cooler passage was obstructed so that no transmission fluid was getting to the cooler . The pressure had forced the override vent normally intended to open only in freezing weather . Amazon sent us another radiator whose passage is n't blocked . But now my transmission needs to be rebuilt -- a $ 3,600.00 job!The response from Amazon customer service was disappointing . They sent me a free replacement radiator , but refused to consider compensating me for any part of the $ 3,600 damage caused by their defective product ! ; - -LRB-
 I ordered this radiator using data from car 's VIN and operator manual , and the Amazon web site identified the correct model number . The item arrived on time , but upon removal of the old radiator , the new item did not match the old radiator . The fitting for the ECT temperature probe was missing at the bottom inside of the new radiator . I verified the correct item was ordered at the web site and had to return the item , which was done by Amazon at no charge . Thankfully , the local auto parts store had the correct item in stock to complete the repair on the same day . It appears the wrong product was packaged in the box by the vendor . The model number on the Amazon shipping box matched the model number from the local auto parts store box . Bottom line
 While this tank works just as good as the original , it shares the same faults as well.Driving on rough roads likely will cause the tank to pop out of it 's mount , and if you are lucky , that is all that happens . Unfortunately all too often the hose will snap and your radiator will run out of fluid in a mild hurry . I strongly recommend instead buying a stainless steel overflow tank that bolts in .
 I installed this unit only to find out that if you pull with any force the tailgate will still open . I am not talking about really working hard to pop it , if you pull the handle it will open . I thought this would disable the handle when locked -LRB- like a car door handle -RRB- not try to block it from opening . I am very disappointed in this and I think for the price it could have been built to be more secure . If you are willing to modify it like I plan on doing it will be a little better and since this is the only product of it 's kind I do n't have much choice .
 Ordered this item expecting to receive a device for locking the tailgate of my Ford Ranger pick-up . Seller shipped me a box of paper towels . Seller says error is on Amazons end , and sent me a shipping label to return the paper towels ... I 'll let you know how it comes out and if I ever receive the lock kit as STILL described on Amazon 's site.Pop & Lock PL8200 Power Tailgate Lock For Select Ford Trucks
 The package shipped very quickly.The mats fit well the Audi A4.I had to return them though for the following reasons : - the color was not as in the Amazon picture -LRB- they were dark gray instead of light gray - I chose `` Charcoal '' color -RRB- - there was no means to attach them to the holders on the car 's floor - in the picture there are some holes that are not present on the mats .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Not a bad looking product , but what can you say about a product advertised with a 10,000 pound rating , but stamped 8,000 pound on the product and 8,000 pound stated on the card with it ?
 What a disappointment . This will not fit on my antenna . I was so looking forwardto placining it on my car , but NO . I just wasted my money .
 One star rating for a incomplete description of the item ! What the description fails to mention is that the back of this jacket is covered in sewn on patches - a huge patriotic eagle on the middle back as well as several smaller patches . The 2 patches on the front I can handle ; 5 + more , NO . If I had known they were there I would not have purchased the jacket . Since I got it for such a good price it is not worth the shipping fee to return it . I will donate it to a local charity that provides coats for the needy , and buy my son another jacket .
 To start , I would like to say that this jacket is relatively cheap for being all leather . Which is nice , except that it is literally frankensteined together . It is made of about 400 different buffalo hide scraps , and they are not symmetrical.It also came with a secret . The back of this coat had 5 patches sewed on , including a huge decal that read `` Live to Ride , '' and had a picture of an eagle and an american flag . I did manage to get them off , at the cost of ripping the jacket in a small area.Saying that , this is a warm , heavy coat that fits good enough -LRB- tight sleeves and a loose back for a huge beer gut to fill -RRB- . I probably would n't buy this product again , as I would rather have fabric over this patchwork of leather strips and patches .
 when I got this item had a Rip in the seam in the back and it wasent worth the shipping cost to get it replaced . over all after i got the Seam fixed and take off all the patches it looks great over all worth the 40 bucks you 'll spend on it . Prob not worth much more then that .
 Cheap Charlie ! Husband hated it ! I hate it . look at pic closely before buying ! Diamond plate must be another name for little pieces stitched together
 1 when i buy the jacket the pic was from a different jacket a straight jacket ! 2 is made by small pieces and in the specifications doe n't show nothing about it
 First the image here is not representative of what you 're buying . in fact the leather is just made of small fragments sewed in together and the quality is rather poor and the sown starts to fall apart just after a few times of wearing it . Furthermore some of my leather pieces are of poorer quality and the paint starts to peel off.And of course the back has some huge decal that is not shown in the picture and it should be .
 Your ad indicated the jacket had logo on front but not so much on back , not happy with that . Would have preferred plain back with no logo . But the worst part about the jacket was when I opened the box it had a strong mildew odor . It was as if it had been stored a long time in someones basement . Will most likely return itRB Ellis , Michigan
 `` You get what you pay for '' applies perfectly . I thought this would be a good motorcycle riding jacket but it 's too thin and looks like from a rack in a bargain basement . OK for hanging out with posers .
 The product description is Heavy-Duty Auto Jumper Cables - 20-Ft Length - Heavy 4-Gauge Copper but the word copper should be in quotes . This is aluminum wire .
 This was advertised as heavy 4-gauge copper wire . The item received was 4 gauge &#34; copper-clad aluminum &#34; wire . This is not even close to the advertised product . I am awaiting a reply from the supplier on the discrepancy.I would not recommend this to a friend .
 The title states that the jumper cables have `` copper wire '' , but the small print says copper plated aluminum . Not even close to copper wire .
 At first feel these cables appear heavy.Upon closer examination the rubber insulation is thick and heavy but the wire instead of being .236 '' in diameter it is less than half that size at only .115 '' in diameter.And so will only have half the current load carrying capacity of Real 4 Gauge Cables.This is false advertising.On top of that the alligator clips are so thin they tend to bend and distort when you try to open them.Made in China.Mine are being returned .
 `` Copper wire '' means wire made of copper . At least that 's what it used to mean back when I was in EE school . Here it means aluminum wire with a * very * thin coat of copper on top . The proper term for this stuff is `` copper clad wire '' . Why should that matter ? Copper conducts electricity better than aluminum . It 's also more expensive . If I pay for `` copper wire '' I expect to get it . Aluminum has half the conductivity of copper . In a battery cable , that means you need a cable that 's twice as big if it 's aluminum.If you are looking for good jumper cables - look elsewhere . You can get the real thing for the price you are paying for these !!!!
 I wish I 'd read the reviews instead of just looking at the overall rating . I have some 6 gauge wire , and I compared that to these cables , and the copper strands in this cable are smaller than the 6 gauge I have , so I think it 's 8 gauge at best . It 'll start your car in most cases , it 's only under pretty extreme conditions that it would make a difference , but if you buy 4 gauge that 's what you should get . On the plus side , it came with a decent zippered case .
 Originally bought 2 of this product for my 2006 DTS . Worst decision i could have made . Buy GM mounts you will not regret the GM like you will the Monroe !
 I ordered the wrong item . It looked exactly the same as the one I should have ordered -LRB- RBC24 -RRB- . I was able to slide the cartridge into my battery tray and all of the screws fit perfectly . But fail came when I tried to plug the power connector . It also looked almost exactly the same , except for a small notch on the connector making it incompatible . The specs for the batteries were slightly different . This one has 7AH per battery , when the RBC24 I should have ordered is 7.5 AH.I could not use this battery unit with my UPS.I tried to return it but Amazon does n't allow you to return batteries.My mistake on the part number , but they should allow you to return batteries .
 The mat is not what was pictured . The company was not nice about return , they wanted me to pay for shipping . Amazon stepped in and as usual was great , refunded my account no problem . My advise , only go through Amazon !
 I ordered this unit for a 1962 Ford F-100 , with the stock 223 cu in 6 cylinder , based on all the information I could find on Amazon and Pertronix Web sites for fit.Sadly , it did not fit , and I would have had to significantly butcher the mounting plate to move the pickup close enough to the magnet . The instructions clearly state not to do that , that you need a different unit . Unfortunately , it is not easy to find out what the correct unit might be . Amazon promptly refunded my money & shipping costs , I am very pleased with their service . I still would like to have the correct unit , but my schedule seldom matches regular business hours . A proper fitment chart would be great - Pertronix does not provide one .
 Quality is good . I have 4 vehicles , and they did n't fit in none of them.They are way to big -LRB- width -RRB- in size.They 're useless to me
 This product works but is not a match for 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee Larado . I had to drill holes to secure the motor to the door .
 Be warned . While the part works fine , it is NOT a direct replacement for a 2000 Grand Cherokee . I used to Amazon `` check it '' tool to confirm it 's the correct part . In doing that , I foolishly thought it would just bolt right in . After about 20 minutes of moving it around inside the door I pulled it back out to find the bolt pattern not even close . I just had to drill new holes in the door to make it work . I have pictures to document the bolt pattern spacing difference . I did not have any issue with reverse wiring like another poster had , so he may have gotten a ` Friday ' part .
 I ordered this product expecting it to arrive in fully working condition . However , upon arrival and installation , I found that the motor is bad . It barely has enough power to raise my window , and strains to lower it . I am very disappointed in this product to say the least .
 I had to cancel my order because the seller could not even meet the deadline of OVER ONE MONTH after I bought the item . Save your time and shop somewhere else !
 No effect at all on the leather I tried to clean . I returned it . I do not recommend this product .
 The stuff did n't work on my tractor tire . All it did was make a big mess to change the tire .
 IF YOU HAVE A PASSENGER CAR , TRUCK , SUV - ANYTHING THAT DRIVES OVER 55MPH DO NOT PUT THIS STUFF IN YOUR TIRES !!!!! THIS WAS A $ 100 EXPENSE FOR ME UNDER A POOR SUGGESTION !! So , yea . It sounds like a great idea ?! Right ?! WELL ... I drive a first generation USDM Subaru Impreza WRX sedan that has a lift kit and 215/65r16 General Grabber AT2 tires on it . Because of the slightly larger tire size , I do not have a spare tire that fits - this is a problem with AWD as you can not two-wheel tow this vehicle and if you put an improperly sized spare wheel you will blow out the drivetrain quickly . I thought putting slime in my tires -LRB- perfectly , might I add -RRB- would save me a big headache if I punctured a tire during my trip out to the desert.-This product might be great for sealing small -LRB- tiny -RRB- holes in your tires . -LRB- I have no idea , but my tire shop let me know that it does nothing other than let you know exactly where the hole is and usually does n't seal it unless it 's microscopic because of the tire pressure -RRB- = waste of my time and money # 1 -LRB- starting to wish I asked them first -RRB- - If you have any plans on driving over 55 miles per hour you can not , however run this stuff in your tires . DO N'T LISTEN TO THE COMMERCIALS - THEY DO N'T WARN YOU FOR THE WORST . Having not read any reviews about this product , I made the mistake of installing slime into ALL FOUR of my tires to possibly repair a hole as I was driving down to L.A. and was planning on off-roading in El Mirage.Here 's what happens . You 're golden at any speed before 55MPH and wo n't even notice it 's in there . Awesome ! when you start pushing more speed , 50 , 55 , 60 , 65 HOLY COW . This stuff pushes the core balance of your wheels SO FAR out of whack it shakes the steering hard enough to make your teeth chatter . With the off-road package on my car it rides stiff but VERY comfortable at speed and it takes quite a lot to make for an uncomfortable ride . This thing was wobbling so hard by the time I floated my speed at 60 trying to get off the freeway safely it was a true challenge to switch lanes in a straight line . It felt like all of my wheels were jumping up and down spriatically and independently . At first I thought it was poor road conditions but after the conditions changed from worse to brand new I knew it could n't be that.Seriously - DONT put this stuff in your tires . I would n't even put it in if you think you 're going to stay off the freeway . If you have a vehicle that 's speedo includes the number 55 DONT USE IT . I 'm not kidding . It cost me almost $ 100 to get this stuff taken out because every wheel needs to be fully disassembled , cleaned thoroughly , re-mounted and re-balanced . If you 've got nicer rims it will stain the inside too : -RRB-
 i had a nail in a tire , and i followed the instructions , pulled the nail out , let the air go out , pulled out the core , poured in the whole 16oz of slime , and then refilled with air , and the whole remained . it 's certainly not a 1/4 '' hole - maybe half that . but air continued to pour out . i drove a bit to see if that would set the air in the hole somehow , but no go . did n't work , very unsatisfied .
 do n't buy this product . it is absolutely useless unless you are 5000 km from civilization.i put some in on of my front tires on my golf and if driven 40 mp hours or faster their is no real reason to hold on to the steering wheel because it shakes and vibrates so bad . i recommend that a tire shop repairs the tire instead . it will save you a lot of headache in the future .
 Absolutely worthless !!! The only thing this product is good for is to waste your time & create endless frustration . After airing the tire back up 5 to 10 times it finally held until i got far away then flat again . Do n't waste your time . This all happened with only a very small hole in the tire .
 The title says it all . I purchased this product in large part due to the other guy 's very positive review . I followed the directions exactly as they were written on the bottle . My tire had/has a slow leak that takes about 48 hours to go flat . I was hoping for simmular results , and I got zip !!! This is the first really crappy result that I have had purchasing products from Amazon.com . Save your money & just get your tire fixed , because this `` stuff '' just does n't work !!!!!
 Thin paper pleats , end pleats not fully connected ... therefore dirty oil could go through unfiltered . Gasket slightly smaller than my former filter -LRB- Mann -RRB- . Would not seat all the way down into filter canister . Thought I was buying a USA product , box says `` Made in China '' . Fram ? I 'm done .
 before i purchase this mcgard propeller lock 74039 , i called mcgard and they told me it would fit my outboard . somebody needs to get there act togeather at mcgard . it will not fit my 2011 mercury 40hp efi . do not waste your time because the description from mcgard is wrong . very disappointed .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 The chrome cover looked cheap and was , it did not fit my fuel door correctly and was warped and there was n't enough two sided tape to secure it to the door.I sent it back for a refund .
 when ordering this gas door cover it states that it will fit the 2003 DODGE RAM 1500 this item only fits chevy and gmc . I am currently investigating a option to send back
 Got it today , opened the case and the needle was showing 250 psi . That is hooked up to nothing and never having been hooked up to anything . Tried using it on my jet ski to see if maybe some pressure would get the gauge to zero , or if the needle was just stuck . It moved from 250 to 255 . Great , so my jetski holds 250 psi standing still and blows 255 running . hmmmm ... ? Now I have to wait another two weeks for another gauge to come . I needed this tool and have waited long enough . Whatever .
 This MV5530 compression gauge did not work correctly right out of the box . Almost cost me a lot of unnecessary repair time and money . There is no good reason for Mityvac to ship a new gauge that does not work . Buyer beware of this company 's products .
 The picture is not correct , purchased this thinking it was going to include the X pipe also and it didnt .
 dont buy this product . it may say it will fit to your 92-95 honda civic plug . but the pulg is differentdo not buy
 Remember the movie Toy Story , when Mr Potatohead was cruising the aisles with Tour Guide Barbie in the Fisher-Price Power Wheels Corvette ? This horn will make any car into the Fisher-Price Barbie Car . Yes it was easy to install and yes , it does work , but if your a guy , any car you drive will instantly become Pink and made of plastic , not to mention , you will never have sex again .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 Back in the 1970s , a friend 's older sister had this bumpersticker on her car . I had no clue what it meant , but found out it was for a cleverly named popular seafood restaurant in Fell 's Point -LRB- near downtown Baltimore -RRB- where they serve mussels and crabs and such . I grew up eating such creatures and liked their taste , but when I realized they were live animals thrown in to boiling water to feel excruciating pain and die , I stopped eating them . Years later at my natural grocer , I enjoyed delicious & authentic tasting mock crab cakes made with Old Bay seasoning.Hey hon , here 's my advice as a former Baltimoron
 WAY WRONG . Why do people get heating fan motors confused with engine cooling fan motors ? It 's chronic . Anyway , this will keep you warm and comfy in your car while your engine overheats from no engine cooling fan ... until your engine blows up anyway ... then you 'll freeze anyway .
 so i ended up getting rid of these fairly quickly . used on 2001 Ford Excursion -LRB- basically an F250 -RRB- and it ruined my front tires . i verified this , i would n't say something like this if i was n't sure it was the shock and not my badly aligned front end . my tires cupped badly , all over . got rid of these shocks -LRB- fixed nothing else -RRB- and now - no more cupping.my truck mechanic told me that he knmows several other ford guys who used these , ran into same issue , sorry to say .
 This unit was sold as `` new '' but when it arrived the box looked like it had been opened and taped shut . The instructions say to plug unit A into unit B and assemble by attaching unit C. My box contained only A and C , no B , so it was returned for credit -LRB- I had to pay the return postage -RRB- . I will never order from this supplier again .
 This product has done nothing to curb our pest issues in our backyard area . It does not seem to affect any above ground creature at all that I can tell . I looked out the window one evening to see a rat sitting about 2 inches away from it , completely unaffected . We still have squirrels , racoons , and mice . Though the blue jays do n't seem too fond of the noise it produces .
 I bought 3 of these for my mother 's yard because she was having major problems with mole runs . When the repellers were first installed in early summer , it seemed that they might be working because mole activity decreased a lot . However , this was also when the wet weather ended and the hot , dry period started . Shortly after we got a fair amount of rain , the mole activity resumed . I think that the moles had just gone deeper underground when it was very hot and dry . The repellers are still beeping , so they have not broken , but they are ineffective .
 Pros
 I am surrounded by a forest and have a big problem with chipmunks tunneling under the cement floor of my garage and also into the footing drains of my house . Up until now we have used water traps very effectively but are a lot of work to keep up with and keep clean . Since using this product -LRB- about a month -RRB- we have seen a drop in activity with the chipmunks but they are still around . The directions say it takes a while to work most effectively so I am waiting and watching . Will update progress again in the near future.Update
 There must be regional differences in Gopher sensativities to this device . Some people rave about the success and others , like myself , think they suck . I have one in soft ground in a garden/flower bed and another in an orchard with rock hard dirt between the trees and niether one works . I still have gophers within 3 or 4 feet of the Solar Repellers . We are in the foothills of Norther California and they do not work here .
 At least in New Mexico , these and other sound repellers do not work . Neither does granular deterrent . Traps work IF you find someone who sets them properly .
 I was very happy with this repeller . However , it only worked for 3 months , then quit . I contacted the company and they said the solar battery was probably not charging . They said if I would fax my receipt , they would send another one . I did so that very day ; that was 6 weeks ago and I have not received a new product . You can not get to the batteries to replace them yourself , I tried . Now when I call their customer service number , all I get is a busy signal . So beware!After I posted this review , I got through to the company and they informed me that the unit was on back order and finally arrived . They said I should be receiving my new unit shortly ... hope it lasts longer this time .
 I admit that between the gophers -LRB- as it turned out , moles as well -RRB- and my wife complaining about our back yard being a gopher mound romper room , I was willing to try anything , including these `` Solar Pest Repellers '' . WELL I advise you , RUN AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! I repeat , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !! I state again , DO NOT WASTE 1 CENT OF YOUR MONEY ON PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT !!!! Like virtually everyone said , it does not work ; no way , not even close !! After trying them in different locations , depths , etc. , etc. . I finially paid a trapper to come out and try his luck -LRB- yes we still have trapper people here -RRB- . WELL , 2 gophers , 2 moles , about 8 days and $ 160.00 later I have been gopher and mole free for nearly 9 months now ... . It took wheelbarrowing and raking about 2 yards of topsoil along with several applications of grass seed and fertilizer , but we are almost back to a `` normal '' looking back yard !! I did NOT get any satisfaction from the company -LRB- Sunforce + other AKA 's -RRB- when I tried to return the 3 I purchased -LRB- too late for Amazon -RRB- . Anyone want to try 3 of these junkers , REALLY CHEAP ???
 I installed the device in our yard in the area where the Gophers were digging.They have continued to dig , as close as 18 '' from the `` Repeller ''
 I purchased two of these to try to control moles that had invaded our neighborhood . At the time they were not running rampant in my yard . I have had the the two repellers installed for around a month . Since I have started using this product the moles have been attracted to them -LRB- as stated in the product guide -RRB- . The only problem is they will not go away and keep coming back to my flower beds.Before spending money on this product , do your homework and research moles . They reportedly are more numerous when the ground is moist , which is what has happened this year . Traps and poisons can remedy the problem but they will still come back.This product did not work for me at all .
 The Sunforce 80001 operates as designed , emitting an intermittent combination of sound and vibration . Unfortunately the moles do n't care . The unit has been in operation for about a month , and there are new mole tunnels with 15 feet of it . It is advertised as covering 6000 sq ft , so the range ought to be about 43 feet in any direction.Save your money .
 I expect new items to be in original packaging but this was in a plain large box in 2 pieces with no instructions , no manufacturing info , no troubleshooting info , no nothing . How long does it need to be exposed to the sun to work ? Does it make sounds ? How deep should it be placed ? Not a clue .
 One evening when I walked down to the lower back yard to see how our watermelons , cantaloupes , honeydews , pumpkins and bird nest gourds were doing , I was shocked and a little miffed that all but the pumpkin and gourds were nothing but stems ... DARN THOSE GROUND HOGS !!! I came across this and thought that perhaps this would work ... and too , I thought that I read in the instructions provided that it would deter rabbits , ground hogs and other rodents ... well , no . I ended up purchasing a Havaheart trap and have trapped and released 3 ground hogs , 1 skunk -LRB- he was a little guy and cute ! -RRB- and 1 oppossum and now my mellon patch is thriving ... and those plants that were nibbled to just the stems ... they 've bounced back ! So this little contraption is being placed in the garden closer to house ... hopefully , it will deter what ever is eating the squash !
 I installed this in my garden after failing to repel a destructive family of moles using a variety of techniques . It has produced no results even though it does emit vibrations . I had to resort to poison to get rid of them . It is easy to use and install but apparently does not work on all moles .
 This product is completely worthless . It seems to draw more critters like the pied piper . Plus there is a buzz every few seconds that drives us all crazy .
 I do n't know if this thing is working , my gut tells me no . I 've had it in several months now and I 'm still seeing mounds and tunnels throughout my yard . Not to mention the squirrels just stand on top of these to taunt me . So no it probably is n't working at all . Would n't recommend in Florida .
 purchased 4 of these for a large back yard . left them in place plenty of time for them to take effect per the directions . 2 of them made no sound at all 2 of them made noise but had no effect whatsoever . They are made cheaply also . When I went to pull them out to return them two of them broke so they can not be returned and I 'm out about $ 100 . I read the mixed reviews but thought I 'd give it a try anyway . Do n't waste your time or money .
 These things do n't work . We have had them before and they were wonderful and did the job but these do nothing and we are out the money for 2 of them .
 I was tasked by my wife to rid her garden of the voles . Unfortunately , this is not the device for that task . Our Garden is very small at approx 150 sq ft. We purchased one of these and placed it in the center . Even though the unit appears to be operating correctly , the voles are tunneling within 4 inches of the unit . They do n't seem to be affected by this unit . Our neighborhood cats have delivered 4 voles to my driveway in the last month . Maybe i need to stick to feeding the cats.I give it two starts just for the fact the unit was received in a well packaged box with very quick shipping .
 Since I purchased this item , it seems to attract pest . I wish I could returned it . It was a waist of money .
 I had previously read the reviews and I chose to ignore them thinking that perhaps they were competitors/saboteurs etc. . I wish I had n't . Quite simply it did nothing but make another hole on the ground.I think the idea that this product would work makes sense but the technology is simply not there.Save your money .
 We are in Colorado and are plagued with pocket gophers . We have had these pest repellers in our lawn for over 2 years and I have yet to see any difference in the hungry pests digging patterns . I think they chuckle and use it as a beacon to know where in the garden are the tastier roots and bulbs.Maybe it works for some people because they have moles . I bet a lot of people do n't even know what they have in their lawn - for months , my wife and I debated whether we had pocket gophers or voles . I know we have pocket gophers because we 've captured and released over a dozen.These do n't work . What works is the wash , catch and release program . My wife takes the hose , floods all of their tunnels and air holes . Sometimes it takes hours to get one to surface and does n't always work . Once they surface , scoop them up in a bucket and take to a nearby national forest , open space or park.Also works to build garden boxes with tough wire mesh on the bottom.Good luck !
 Like another poster mentioned , the mole actually seems to have an affinity for this junk . The day after I placed the rod in the soil , the mole dug a tunnel right next to it ! I assume most of the positive posts are from people associated with this product .
 I bought two because I wanted to place them before going out of town . Both arrived on time in working order , but on my return two weeks later only one of them was still working .
 The moles taunt me as they push up the mounds next to the `` solar pest repeller '' . Sorry folks . This just does n't work .
 Save all your packaging and be prepared to return the product .1 -RRB- Here is how you can test the product -LRB- without doing any technical work -RRB- . After assembling per instructions , cover the solar top so that it gets no light . This will force the unit to run off the batteries -LRB- which come pre-charged -RRB- . You will hear the unit hum/vibrate , as it should . Leave it like that for a few days to drain the batteries . After you are sure the batteries are drained -LRB- unit no longer makes intermittent hums/vibrations -RRB- , remove the solar cover , and take it outside in the sun . Make sure the solar collector is getting direct sun . If the unit is wired correctly it will resume operation and the batteries will recharge . Congratulations , you have received operational product .2 -RRB- Here is how you can repair the product -LRB- if you do n't want to send it back for a refund -RRB- . A -RRB- Remove the little screws underneath the top of the product . B -RRB- If you have access to a volt meter , take a reading on solder points where the wires from the solar collector are soldered . If you have to switch the meter leads -LRB- black on red ; red on black -RRB- , to obtain a normal voltage reading , then the solar collector is wired backwards . I got a reading of about -8 volts -LRB- DC -RRB- . C -RRB- The wiring can be corrected by cutting the red and black wires near the middle of the collector . D -RRB- Re-splice to opposites -LRB- connect red to black ; black to red -RRB- . This will correct the problem , but the better way is to re-solder the wires on the printed circuit board in reverse locations . E -RRB- Once you have swapped the wires , and if sunlight is hitting the solar collector , it will start working . F -RRB- You should also pull the battery plug and take a voltage reading on the two little prongs . You should be getting about an 8 VDC reading there as well -LRB- meaning it will recharge the batteries -RRB- . Does the product really work ? Well I do n't know yet , just got them working , but at least the two I purchased are now operational . If I see gopher damage diminish , maybe I will come back and add a star ...
 I had hoped this product would save me from having to put out traps . No luck . One of the younger gophers actually likes to sit on the thing when he suns himself .
 In reading the reviews I guess this is just hit and miss . It seems to have worked for some people , but did n't work at all for me . I do n't like the loud beeping noise , but I would n't mind it if it was repelling the squirrels , if anything I seem to have more of them . It was a waste of money for me .
 Ok I have n't seen any difference but it 's only been a two days . I am wondering however is this thing suppose to vibrate ? I hear the buzzing but I ca n't feel anything moving inside that might annoy the moles in my yard .
 this is the 3 or 4th time things have been screwed up at amazon , got my coffee grinder , sent email about b buzzer no response
 We purchased two Sunforce Solar Pest Repellers to keep rats out of our garden and backyard . We live in an urban area and have children/pets so it seemed that this was a good investment . It would have been if it worked . Just last night , I saw a rat walk right by it without even flinching ! It may work for gophers and moles but not `` rodents '' .
 I am still having trouble with moles I just found new trails where they have woking , so I will be looking for a new solution
 This item is a TOTAL waste of money . I plugged in the solar top , secured it to the post , inserted it into the ground . It was n't quite straight so I pulled it out . As a result the tip -LRB- Which had nothing to do with anything I assembled -RRB- came off ripping the wires off , thus rendering it completely useless . I left the tip eight inches below the grass surface and threw the rest in the recycling bin . What a piece of shit !
 Does n't do what it should . Vibrates fine , I was able to put it in the ground fine , however the voles seem unaffected by the whole thing .
 in stalled in new laid sodded grass area still have gophers and way annoying with a beep every two minutes
 I have tried every known method for getting rid of moles and this was the last step . I put in two and the moles came up right next to the device ... waste of money .
 Let rich people and minorities know you ' r an angry redneck . Why , you dont ' even have to be in your truck -LRB- assuming it 's not for a BMW or AUDI -RRB- to let people know your an angry white male . Your a dying species , and now that the goverment wants to take your constitutional right to carry quick change 30 round Magpul rifle clips for your weak little 223 . squirrel gun.This is a part of American White Trash heritage . Before plastic testicles were mounted on trailer hitches , this paved the way for blue collar angst.Foreigners and women are more likely to tailgate , so the `` extreme '' font lacks the message of the block letter fonts of yore . But Yosemite is still prominate , with his red-anglo moustache and ye olde tyme pystol blunderbusses . NO one is intimidated by flint-lock pistols , not even the fifty cal . square bullets used against moors . Perhaps yosemite needs desert eagles , or a Sig Sauer 357 . or maybe even an A-12 with a drum clip in one hand and a Bushmaster 6.5 in the other ? But the flintlocks dont cut-it any more . Now your so angry , you better give yosemite an RPG or something.Regardless , they are the real deal . The blue hat is a little too captain crunch for my taste , perhaps a hunter orange mesh ball cap would be better ? However , I 'm sure these are very sentimental for you , and you 'll be sure to keep america whiskey tango as ever with these bad-boys . But dont worry chubby buddy , everyone hears your big bark loud and clear , `` back off ! '' or your going to shoot me with your guns you have pointed at me while I drive behind you . That 's just brilliant , a picture of a man pointing guns at other motorists threatening them to `` Back Off ! '' .
 This vendor sent a set of shocks stamped &#34; Made in China &#34; . I think the vendor sold Chinese made look-a-like goods . Also , they do not seem to support the front end of the Ram 1500 well .
 I bought the product for my boyfriend . I was interested in a different brand of massager however , it was not available with the car adaptor . I bought the TheraSpa because it came with the car and home adaptor . However , when the product arrived , there was only a car adaptor and NO home adaptor . In addition , the massage seat is basically just a vibrating seat that makes much to much noise . Overall disappointed with the product and service from Amazon.com
 I sent this back because screws were missing and it was damaged in transport.Otherwise , I imagine it would have fit on my Ford F150 and looked good .
 These were a gift for my husband and did n't realize it said ram when I ordered it . I had to return them .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 Watch out , this item did not fit my 2000 Taurus . Too big ! Had to send it back . Original replacement available on E-bay for less .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 When I purchased my Lexus LX 470 about 10 years ago I also bought a Zymol kit with three jars of wax along with a lot of other related things like applicators , cleaning compound and so forth . I do all the detail work myself . Those three jars have given me excellent protection -LRB- a little hard to put on and take off -RRB- for many years . A couple of years ago I purchased another new Lexus RX 400 for my wife . We continued to use the remainder of the original jars on both cars with excellent results . So you may wonder why I gave this product a low rate ... First the price . The kit I purchased cost just a little more than the one jar of Zymol Titanium Estate Glaze . We have waxed both cars twice and the jar is almost empty . As far as being a superior product , it is not . I had enough of the original wax to do half that big hood on the LX 470 . On the other half I used the Titanium . I could tell no difference between the two . So I feel that I paid a lot of money from a product that is not nearly as good , from the stand point cost and protection . I am going to look around until I find more of the Zymol that I got in the original kit . It is not on the Amazon web site . To wrap this up let me just say that I am almost always very happy with all shopping I do on Amazon , both products , price and service . If you are thinking about getting this product or any of the similar Zymol wax products you may be very unhappy as I am . I always read reviews as a guide so I hope this helps someone .
 All of Devcon 's input indicates the product is `` black '' . It 's not - after mixing it comes out dark grey , as indicated on the blister pack , but not on the Amazon listing . The hardener is off white , blended = grey .
 Bent one of the long pins on the second cam I did with this tool - the thread of the pin rounded over as it bent out of the tool . I expected more than this . I could only use it by jamming the tool behind the cam and then screwing the pins in - that way they were closer to the spokes of the pulley . I feel like the pins are defective , not the tool . I might drill out the thread of the tool and just bolt in a couple of heftier grade-8 bolts .
 I received this product as described however the sticky side is backwards . It is n't a perfect fit but I could make it work but for it being backwards ??? I can see my reflection in the non-sticky side but it is not a mirror . I really hope a machine messed this up bc I ca n't fathom an human looking at their reflection and then placing the sticky tape on top of it .
 We bought this motor in April 2011 , and a few days ago it just stopped . So it was nice for a year , but since this summer is already hot , it sucks that it went out after only 1 yr !!
 We are huge Razorback fans , so of course this was a must-have for our 12 month old son when riding in the car . Much to my disappointment , It lasted all of 5 days ! Yes , my son did grab it a few times , but def not hard enough to break it or cause it to malfunction . It was just much more cheaply made than I expected it to be . But GO HOGS !!!!
 I ordered and received one of these inverters and it fell apart during the shipping . I strongly recommend that buyers should demand pre paid return shipping for defective units .
 I bought one of these and a large one -LRB- 3000 watt -RRB- but in less than two years both have failed . Both different failures . Contacted the comapny , they say they do not service thier product because it is not `` cost effective '' . If you open one of these up you see that componets are haphazzardly soldered , some not even mounted on boards . Very poor build and parts qualityand no wiring digram available , so after spending $ 600.00 if it works for a year and then a $ 2 resistor fries or something ele inside breaks you have to just throw it away . Spend a few more bucks and get one that will last longer than a year and is backed by a comapny that makes a product that will last longer than its warranty and that can be serivced when it does break .
 Purchased inverter from `` The Inverter Store '' which apparently is AIMS sales division - same address . Original unit died after 4 or 5 uses but just out of warranty . Bought another of the exact same part number to match all the existing wiring and mounting points . New unit was completely different , even the amount of outlets was different ; only one on this one . New unit arrived with a screw sticking 1 '' out the bottom . Service tech told me to screw it back in . Installed the ` new ' one - it did not work at all . So , AIMS no longer carries this unit - it 's still in warranty so they are refunding my money BUT NOT THE RETURN SHIPPING . I asked how they could expect customers to pay for returning a product that had manufacturing defects and they said
 These things are the worst piece of crap I 've ever seen !! I bought one of the 2,000 W pure sine wave units , it 's NOT pure sine wave , pours out RF noise , and wo n't run an appliance anywhere close to 1000 Watts , which is 1/2 of what the mfg. rating is !! Do n't be sucked in by the cheap price !!! This thing is worthless !! Spend a little extra $ $ $ and go with a name brand inverter that will actually run the items it claims to be able to !!
 I bought the product a year ago as backup power for sump pump . Just a few days after setup everything , we found the charger was n't functioning . Then I had to mail it back with my own money to get a replacement . We really did n't get a chance to use it for a few months until the hurricane came a few days ago . It broke when we really needed it . Called customer service was told that since the original purchase has been over a year , they wo n't be able to do anything , although the replacement is less than a year . So be really careful , you may end up paying hundreds and getting nothing . Another thing , do n't expect talking with their customer service is something fun - at least I did n't .
 i needed the exact pulley thats shown on the picture but when it was delivered i got a total different one . its still fits my ride but not for the specific pulley i need so i 'll just install it anyways i will just have to go back and find the actual pulley i need
 This is not the correct part for a 1996 land rover discovery SE7 . You would be better off buying something else that actually fits !
 I could have bought the Red Logo here 5 days ago but wanted the White Logo , , , guess what they sent the red ones .
 I purchased these for my car 2-3 months ago , we have not had much rain during that time and my car is only driven about 80 miles a week . They already need to be replaced . I will not be buying these again .
 description said it fit a 2001 Ford F150 . The box it was shipped in said Ford F250-350 . I had to grind weld joints off a housing on the motor and then reuse parts of the old motor to get it to fit . Motor was correct but it came with the wrong mounting ,
 This blower motor does not fit a 2005 ford f150 . I believe this blower motor fits an early 2004 f150 but not a 2005Make sure you look at the blower motor in your truck . My truck is a lat 2004 truck , it has a plastic blower motor . This motor is steel.Either TYC catalog is wrong or the Amazon look up is wrong . The squirl cage looks the same . I your heater still blows but makes a growling sound on 2,3,4 , it may be a cracked squirl cage slipping on the shaft .
 Ordered adash mat for a 94 olds cutlass ciera , received a dash mate for a 02-05 dodge ram truck , sent it back and reordered , received the same wrong mate a second time . But I must be living right . A week later the car was totaled . Do n't need it any more .
 I rated this product one star because there is no lower rating.Very poor fit and does not lay flat on my dash . If you are reading this review I would recomend that you choose another brand . I now have to waste my time sending this back .
 Was disappointed . Was not even close to the Ford Escape dash.Was 3 or 4 inches longer than dash . And design did not fitcontour of the dash or cutouts for ventilation . .
 I am not sure what car the mat they sent me was for but it was not for a 2002 tahoe . The picture leads you to believe that that you will be recieving a dash mat for a 2002 tahoe that is not the case . Returned the next day
 I ordered one from Jc whitney and it worked for about 2 hours before quitting.I loved it while it works Ill be sending it back for a replacement.carolyn rogers
 I purchased this item for in my vehicle . Light goes on , but quickly runs off and the blanket never heated up ! Good concept , unfortunately the one I received was damaged .
 Do n't throw away your money . Feel like I got ripped off . Barely got warm , not enough to do anything , and stopped working within a month . JUNK !!
 Very cheap product . By the time it actually warms up the timer kicks off . It is also very thin and small . Would NOT recommend !
 I received this as a gift , and then we went on vacation . I gently used it in the car while traveling , and it quit working within one week
 Really think and could feel the coild that run through the blanket . will not be giving as a gift as I wanted .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 I bought this because my truck came with a Roll-N-Lock tonneau cover pre-installed on it and this is the protectant the manufacturer says to use . After using it , I wish I 'd just gone with one of the vinyl protectants I 've used before like Armor All or Meguiars . It does n't seem to leave anything on the cover to protect it . There 's no slightly greasy/slick feeling , and it does n't even make the cover look better . It 's not any darker than if I had just wiped it clean with soap and water.Roll-N-Lock says that the only lubricant you 're supposed to use on the tracks is this , but if it does n't leave any kind of grease/slickness behind , how can this possibly lube the tracks ? It certainly did n't make my cover any easier to close . WD-40 does n't last very long , but at least it lubes the tracks for a little while.I 'm giving this 2 stars because it does clean the cover approximately like soap and water would , but you 'd definitely be better off buying something else .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 I used to have a body shop , so I am very familiar with the various types of paint and their qualitys . I restore John Deere tractors as a hobby . This paint , hands down is the very worst I have ever used . It stays wet for 3 hours even at 80 degrees . It has terrible gloss retention and you ca n't even touch it without putting finger prints in it for at least a week ... now who wants to tye up a shop that long . If you 're painting outside it attracts bugs and just because of the very poor drying time a lot of bugs have time to land . Bottom line ... avoid this paint like the plague , unless you like a lousy job or having to do it over again . Thanks for reading my reveiw ... keep on restoring ... : -RRB-
 The item received was n't what was listed but I did receive a very quick credit and am very happy with the seller .
 I 'm not sure if there 's something unusual about the cigarette lighter adapter in my Ford Escape Hybrid , but this dual outlet plug adapter did n't fit in far enough for the side contacts to touch where they needed to for the power to go through it.It may be my particular outlet in the car , but I 'd definitely check to make sure you have a fairly deep cig . lighter outlet for this to work.The company did respond pretty quickly , but it would have cost them and me more than it was worth for a $ 4 item to send it back and try to get me a different one .
 This lighter plug did not work with my auto lighter plug . It keeps falling off because the shaft is to long when plugging it in . It will work with a deeper well socket .
 The shaft is too long for my 12V socket and it would not snap in far enough to engage the metal tabs on the side of the adapter . In my Nissan when I try to push it in it does not go in far enough to hold and snaps back out . In my Chevy it goes in deeper and works for a while , but the shaft is still too long and if I hit a bump it sometimes springs back out and loses contact .
 GM used two types of cigarette lighter assemblies , a Casco and a Rochester and they are different design . The one I have in my 1991 S10 blazer is a Casco lighter assembly that has a replaceable element but this product does not fit the knob or the receiver . I tossed it and found a good used cigarette lighter knob and element on the internet . I do n't smoke but I like everything in my vehicles to work wheather I use them or not.The GM service replacement lighters assembly are Rochesters and you must purchase the receiver and element/knob assembly separately . If you have a Casco lighter assembly , you must replace the receiver to install the complete GM Rochester service replacement lighter assembly . In most cases of an imoperative cigarette lighter , the receiver is not at fault and the element and knob assembly is toast . Never hold a cigarette lighter element in the receiver to get it bright cherry red hot . That will sooner or later blow the fuse , burn out the element or both .
 i bought this HID a while ago and it never came , seller never responded my emails ... amazon had to refound my money
 I ordered based on view of threebond 1211 and instead got threebond thread lock low strength - totally different -LRB- and useless to me -RRB- than the ' 1211 silicone liquid gasket.And I waited 10 days for it.Not happy . One star because it wo n't let me choose 0 stars
 What a POS . The quality of this is junk . Adds a nice whine when your driving . Easy to install but is bulky and hard to fit in any dash . Get something else .
 I ordered this with an Alpine INA-W910 from a reputable online/catalog retailer that begins with a `` C '' . When I was ready to test out the system , I plugged the harness into my car and within a few minutes the GMOS-04 became VERY hot to the touch . In addition , the sound would not come through the speakers . I called tech support for where I purchased it and they said it sounded like a faulty unit . They quickly sent me another one and it worked perfectly.If there are any other options , I would like to know , as the quality seems pretty poor ; it is just a circuit board that rattles around in a chunky plastic case.To all of those who complain about the chime noise , the nice feature is that you can totally turn off the volume .
 This this was HORRIBLE !! Spent $ 50 on it and it made the BOSE speakers crackle really bad and the volume would raise and lower without warning . The knob that is supposed to adjust the output is worthless . Generally just really poor quality unit . Buy the more expensive one , or just do what I did and get rid of the BOSE stuff all-together ...
 I bought this product 2 weeks ago and it arrived defected . The company would n't take it back since it was a car auto part and they do n't take back car auto parts even if there defected . I would suggest trying to find a different product .
 I bought this item expecting it to be new . When it arrived it came package fairly well , but when I opened it , it was obvious that it was used . It was modified to where I could not use it . I would not recommend to anyone !
 I was very excited to finally get my new stereo installed when I get a call from the installer . He says the wiring harness is defective . After discussing it with him he says that this model breaks all the time , and is considering not accepting it in the future when a customer brings it in . Now I 'm out even more time and money , do not buy .
 Recieved part on time but package was opened and not new as advertized . Ended up throwing it out and hard wired my head unit in with out this adapter kit . Do n't wast your money on this product .
 I ordered this device for My 04 Monte Carlo . It arrived and was simple enough to connect to my car 's wiring harness , despite the lack of included instructions . Unfortunately , that is where the ease ended . Not only did the door chime only work about 50 % of the time , when it did work , you could barely hear it . An adjustment to the volume control on the device did nothing to help this . In addition , It made my back speakers sound like garbage -LRB- Sony xplod 6 x 9 4 way speakers -RRB- . They sounded great before the install Hopefully , this will ward off anyone else who is thinking of making the mistake I made . Of course , Amazon gave excellent customer service as always by not only shipping the item quickly , but by accepting the return without any hassle .
 I ordered this product for my GMC Sierra . It worked great for about 3 months . After that , it would n't allow the stereo to operate except to use the OnStar . It was difficult to install with it 's lack of directions too . Do yourself a favor . Buy the Bose OC2 unit . It 's plug and play .
 This makes your Onstar and other chimes sound like some toy . Which is very annoying . Seller refused to take it back , now I am stock with this junk .
 I wish someone would have posted this or better yet the manufacturer actually listed it in the description . This interface only works with lower end head units with 2v preouts . If you use 5v preouts you will end up with distorted sound and crackling from the Bose system . So now I 'm stuck with this 80 dollar hunk of junk and my very nice avic x940bt . The only recourse I 've seen is cranking the potentiometer on the gmos-04 all the way to the max , however this does n't always work .
 bought it here cause it 's the cheapest K&N air filter i found . that was a mistake ! i was sent a K&N box , but a FRAM air filter ! thank God i was reimbursde , and got to keep the air filter .
 Bought this product a year ago and it worked well . The company must have changed manufactures because used on the same application it loosens up and falls apart right away .
 Bought to wrap a/c clutch wire in car engine.Had absolutely no adhesive property , at all . Paper stuck together via static electricity sticks better , in other words.Also , this did n't come in a ` roll ' . It came like you might fold a belt ... and 3 feet of this really is n't much , at all.All around , was disappointed . It 's possible , though , that my complaints are user error .
 Whoever writes the description fails to specify front or rear . My search was for front pads and it led me to the pads which turn out to be rear but was not identified as such . This is why I am hesitant to order on line .
 I bought this to do the inside of an oven in the seams as it said it was good to 450 degrees , but it started coming off at about 300 and was gone at 400 .
 I used this to shield exhaust heat from my transmission tunnel . The fiberglass portion separated from the adhesive tape after maximum 2 weeks of driving -- so now theres just clear tape attached to my car . Not very helpful
 i bought this as a replacement for my map sensor , but the rubber part or ring to prevent air from escaping busted just to get it on even though i put a bit of lube on the ring
 These fuel pumps are not OEM remanufactured . You will receive a fuel pump in a 740549 box but the part will be marked `` made in China '' at the base of the chassis and there will be no part number on the plastic piece at the top of the chassis near the anode and cathode connectors . This is a toyota part number indicating that the pump is OEM which Python remanufactures . I called Python to inquire about what product I received and they indicated that their Amazon account does n't require cores . Nevertheless , the representative also could n't tell me whether this was one of the new China fuel pumps or not . My guess is that whomever Amazon has partnered with to sell these fuel pumps is shipping newly manufactured China pumps in OEM remanufactured boxes.After ordering this identical part from rockauto who required a core in return , -LRB- i.e. 740549 -RRB- the fuel pump chassis had no `` made in China '' marking at the base and had a toyota part number on the plastic piece at the top . Thus , my question as to `` What exactly did I receive ? '' was answered.This fuel pump works per spec at the fuel rail but like most China product , I now have no idea how long it will last . This was NOT what I ordered .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 These fuel pumps are not OEM remanufactured . You will receive a fuel pump in a 740549 box but the part will be marked `` made in China '' at the base of the chassis and there will be no part number on the plastic piece at the top of the chassis near the anode and cathode connectors . This is a toyota part number indicating that the pump is OEM which Python remanufactures . I called Python to inquire about what product I received and they indicated that their Amazon account does n't require cores . Nevertheless , the representative also could n't tell me whether this was one of the new China fuel pumps or not . My guess is that whomever Amazon has partnered with to sell these fuel pumps is shipping newly manufactured China pumps in OEM remanufactured boxes.After ordering this identical part from rockauto who required a core in return , -LRB- i.e. 740549 -RRB- the fuel pump chassis had no `` made in China '' marking at the base and had a toyota part number on the plastic piece at the top . Thus , my question as to `` What exactly did I receive ? '' was answered.This fuel pump works per spec at the fuel rail but like most China product , I now have no idea how long it will last . This was NOT what I ordered .
 Do n't let Amazon 's part finder fool you . This product will not fit into a stock 2000 Subaru Impreza wagon . It is way too small . I had to walk a ways to the auto parts store to replace this as I had my car apart when I was installing this filter . Really disappointed with Amazon for car part purchases . 2 out of 3 things did not fit when their part finder said it did.This 2 star review is not an indicator of the quality of the product . Product appeared to be of high quality . Make sure you read up on how to properly clean and oil the filters . You can gum up your mass airflow sensor if you screw it up , which is not a cheap fix -LRB- buy some $ 5-7 MAF safe cleaner just to be on the safe side ... it is cheaper than paying someone $ 200 to `` fix '' it -RRB- .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 When I chose the make an model of my car it told me it would fit my car . When I received it it did not .
 I ordered this set for my 2012 Chrysler 300 . When it came in I tried to install , but it did not fit . I noticed that the parts in the box were marked with a different part number than what I ordered . I exchanged the parts with no problem , when they came in the same thing happened , only with other part numbers . Returned the product and hopefully will find the correct parts down the road .
 I bought this and had to send back , they sent same item , It is not 150 ' roll , It has costed me time and money , and I 'm sure it has costed Amazon or Midway time and money , Trying to help everyone , Have told them to take it off the site , because it is Misleading !
 I puchased two of these . One had 4 twist locks on the fitting and it worked fine . The other you short changed me on , it only had two twist lock connectors and it leaked . I was forced to go to the rv store and purchase a new 4 lock fitting and install it .
 WE PURCHASED THE CAMCO 20 ' RV SEWER HOSE . THE HOSE CAME WITHOUT CONNECTORS SO WE PURCHASED 2 PACKAGES OF THESE CONNECTORS . THREE MEN -LRB- ONE AN ENGINEER -RRB- SPENT OVER AN HOUR , HOT WATER , SOAPY WATER , SANDING DOWN THE EDGES.CALLED CAMCO DIRECT AND THEIR RESPONSE WAS
 On the packaging Airaid claims : Improves fuel efficiency up to 4 mpg - my tests showed no improvement in fuel mileage whatsoever ; Increases low end torque by 21 ft lbs - absolutely falseImproves throttle response through improved combustion efficiency - my vehicle did not experience any improvementI installed this product as per instructions provided on my 2005 Ford F150 , 4.6 l gasoline engine and found not noticeable improvement in performance of torque or fuel efficiency . I documented this through 4 tanks of fuel and near identical running conditions over a 4 week period.I had read many conflicting reports about throttle body spacers and have now come to the conclusion as many others have that if it did what they claim then Ford would have included the product as standard equipment given the competitive nature of the automotive industry.Don ' t waste your time and money . I gave it one star rating only because there was not a zero star option
 misleading product photo , shows a pair , but you only get one . I am sure they are great shocks once I order another .
 Not as good as it seemed , would have liked a better fit . Not pleased , will not but this item from Amazon sellers again .
 Miss leading description it does not fit all air cooled VW 's it will not fit SO23 type 2 BUS
 does not work for honda cars , does not for for hyundai cars , does not work for nissan cars , does not work for dodge trucks , and does not work for audikey cars05 honda civic01 honda prelude05 hyundai elantra02 hyundai elantra09 hyundai sonata1990 nissan maxima1994 nissan maxima2000 dodge durango07 audio A4still waiting for my rma number to come into the mail it has been 1 month and no contact from seller . no refund ...
 This thing leaks on first use . The hoses are not tight and the brake fluids leak everywhere under my hood . Lucky I put 3 towels around the brake fluid tank because I knew this would happen . Will not buy this again .
 So the one I got will not hold a charge and is totally defective ... $ 150 - $ 200 batterys what a joke . . amazon is taking care of me . . but these things are not as good as when they first came out I bet they are cutting costs and it shows . .
 I bought the red top in July , 2009 , for a kit car I am building . Just got around to installing in car and find it will not hold a charge . Contacted Optima for their help under their 3 year free replacement -LRB- also shown on Amazon web page -RRB- guarantee . Optima says Amazon is not an authorized seller of their products -LRB- even though there are thousands of their batteries listed on Amazon -RRB- , and they could not do anything for me . Amazon says the battery can not be returned to them or replaced . What do you think is going on here ? Smells like fraud on someone 's part to me . Was promised a call back from an Amazon supervisor , but nothing yet.Update , after discussions with two customer service reps. and a supervisor , Amazon has agreed to honor the warranty from Optima . They will reimburse me the cost of the battery and I can then order another one . Not sure why they could not just send me a replacement . But , I am getting another one , and that is all I wanted .
 Did n't work . Would n't hold pressure enough to flush lines . When I contacted to return , giving me the run around . Would not recommend .
 this is the worst product ive ever wasted money on . and ive wasted alot of money in my life . as a matter of fact this thing cost me more money than the purchase price .
 This thing is built WELL , it looks like a GREAT solution to the problem . However , I got all ready to do this job today and ca n't get the universal cap squarely around the master cylinder due to the geometry . It 's not as simple as it sounds , depending on what your master cylinder looks like . I tried different orientations and still ca n't get it to hold 5 psi , let alone 10 or 15 . I do n't know why they just do n't come up with a pressure cap for each car manufacturer . I have 2 Toyota products - are n't there certainly enough of them on the road to warrant that ??? I may update this review if I can finally get it to seal . I sure do n't like the geometry involved though , especially with a fragile plastic master cylinder .
 Very simply
 the bumper did not fit , so I do n't need the westin 97800 universal rear bumper mount kit . no recommendation from me
 This did not do much for perfomance ... the original plug works much better . I use this plug now as a back up .
 Good price and an excellent product . If you want to improve in performance your motorbike , this is a perfect start .
 Did not come with the tip that screws on to the top of the plug . usless with out it.Tossed it into the junk draw .
 The product works but it could be so much better.The three tab cap for late model fords is very hard to get on and harder to get off.The connecting hoses should have swivel connections.Should come with a collection container.Should come with Teflon tape.This is a glorified 10 dollar pump sprayer that should come ready to use . $ 70 for $ 10 worth of parts = FAIL
 Buy from Husky or somewhere else . Their `` exact fit '' is far from the truth and the customer service has been horrible . I told them I was having issues and instead of offering help they just said `` you can return them '' which i finally did . Four weeks later I am still waiting for my refund after numerous email requests . This company has no integrity so buy from someone else . I even copied the CEO of the company on my email regarding the frustration and got no response from anyone .
 I bought Weathertech Extreme Duty floormats for my 2011 Toyota Tacoma Double Cab . I had been researching this product for a long time , and I saved money for a couple of months to buy the front and rear floorliners.The shipping through Amazon was lightning fast , but I received the front floor liners for a Buick SUV , and the rear liners for a GMC SUV . I know that I filled out the info correctly when ordering . I was really disappointed . Amazon customer service was awesome . I shipped back the floorliners the next morning.I ended up buying the floormats from Autoanything.As for the floormats themselves , I love them . My carpet is protected , the grip on the bottom of your shoes is really good , and I have no complaints . This is a very high quality product .
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 I have Performance Friction # 0731.20 and 0732.20 pads in my 2002 Corvette and I would NOT recommend them . I run HPDE events on the race track and they have caused terrible brake juddering -LRB- shaking/pulsating -RRB- by depositing part of the pad unevenly on the rotor . Since there is no way to fix this , I have to remove and discard these pads rotors . Thank you Performance Friction !
 I do n't understand how a dash kit made especially for the 99 eclipse does not fit the eclipse . I tried shoving it in and it was crooked and stuck out . I went over to a local car shop that does radios and they said there is no way that its going in . However , a universal dash kit from Walmart worked 3x better . Piece of junk . Do n't buy .
 Been a huge fan of power stop , but unfortunate they have moved their plants to china . Once notified by power stop that their brakes have gone over seas , i canceled my order with amazon , and bought USA made Hawk Pads.I will not put Chinese brake products on my Chevy . A cd player and speakers is one thing , but not brakes . . i want to stop when i have to .
 I buy hi-wattage bulbs for improved night-driving vision . These bulbs are for the rice boys who want their headlights to look colored to other drivers , not for serious night-time drivers.The light output is so blue that night vision is actually blurry . For real driving at speed on open highway after dark , these bulbs are n't half as good as original equipment .
 Ordered and most broke . The magnet fell off or the cover was not tight enough to stay on .
 After a week inside of the wheel well I checked and all that remained was the magnet no boxInsufficient glue on the magnet to the plastic body
 Brand new Wix filter was blowing cigarette ash like particles inside my 2008 Acura MDX cabin . Pulled out the filter and tap it down against a hard surface and saw the particles falling down from under the filter that 's supposed to be the filtered clean surface .
 The web site is incorrect . This filter does not fit the 2009 Honda Odyssey . The dimensions are n't right and it will bunch up when you insert the filter tray . Try another brand .
 I went through the `` make sure it fits '' guide at the top of the screen , but when I went to replace it , this filter was much too big . Either this is the wrong part number or they put the wrong part in the box .
 The filter definitely fits my 2009 honda civic . This filter works and gets the job done ; however it is VERY flimsy . I rather pay the extra 3-4 dollars for the Frame breeze filter which feels like more effort was spend on the design of the filter . This filter seriously feels like a few layers of coffee filters . For the price that this company charges I do not think it was worth the $ 14.50 since another filter which is better built is about the same price .
 This filter does not fit may 2004 Accord EX -LRB- 4 CYL -RRB- . There is a filter under my glove box and it looks like a diaper that snaps into the plastic removal cover . This product was not even close to being the correct filter .
 Bought one in Spice for a 92 Wrangler . The cut is too large from side to side and no matter how well you try to tighten this top , it will not stretch tight . Rained the second day I had it and because the top would not stretch tight , the top filled up with water , bowed , and the top was destroyed.Installation was difficult because the front edge would not stay in windshield channel - I have a brand new channel on the Jeep . Once I got the center and rear straps on , I went to secure the side straps . It was obvious this top was not correctly designed to fit the 92 Wrangler . Pulling both sides tight results in sagging on both sides with the center slightly raised.If you want to spend $ 30 to use a top one time , buy it . If you want a bikini top that actually fits and lasts the summer , you will never find it with Pavement Ends . I learned my lesson the hard way.Don ' t walk ... run away from Pavement Ends products . They are cheap for a reason .
 Bought one in Spice for a 92 Wrangler . The cut is too large from side to side and no matter how well you try to tighten this top , it will not stretch tight . Rained the second day I had it and because the top would not stretch tight , the top filled up with water , bowed , and the top was destroyed.Installation was difficult because the front edge would not stay in windshield channel - I have a brand new channel on the Jeep . Once I got the center and rear straps on , I went to secure the side straps . It was obvious this top was not correctly designed to fit the 92 Wrangler . Pulling both sides tight results in sagging on both sides with the center slightly raised.If you want to spend $ 30 to use a top one time , buy it . If you want a bikini top that actually fits and lasts the summer , you will never find it with Pavement Ends . I learned my lesson the hard way.Don ' t walk ... run away from Pavement Ends products . They are cheap for a reason .
 I ordered this set and the rear set for my truck at the same time . The other set for the rear fit perfectly and was easy to install . This was the wrong set . It did n't fit my truck I had to send them back and get a refund for them . It was like they 'd put the wrong set in the wrong box because it did n't even look remotely close to the correct part and it did n't match the box either . That being said I had absolutely no problems returning them and the customer service representive was very helpful and sent a shipping label for it to be sent back . And I was refunded my money very quickly.M . Foster
 I put these on my truck and at first the drivers side which was the one with the problem , did raise about an inch and a half . But once it setteled by the next day it was right back where it was before . I bought these as they state they are for my truck with the issue of the drivers side being lower than the passenger side .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 the product was described as `` worn package '' , but when it showed up the package was covered in years old mold and decay . . i threw it right in the garbage due to its ridiculous state of decomp . would not buy from this seller again .
 I ordered these for a 2007 base mini and they do n't fit . In any case , they are n't even close.UPDATE
 I ordered this accel 8190 which is suppose to be for a blister pack of six spark plugs item no. 0574 but you only receive 1 plug of the 0574 not 6 . The title should be fixed to say 1 accel spark plug no. 0574 not the item no. 8190 which is for a six pack of 0574 plugs i had to file a claim with amazon to get a refund for the misleading title . just look at the detailed information on the page . # Product Dimensions
 I knew I had made a terrible purchasing decision when I unpacked this jump starter and noticed how cheaply it was built . Within 48 hours of charging and using the device I had the following problems :1 -RRB- The built-in pressure gauge failed the first time I used the compressor .2 -RRB- One of the internal lamps failed and can not be easily replaced because the lamp housing is sealed .3 -RRB- The inverter works but at nowhere near the 150W rating that is statedFrom the `` engrish '' in the manual it is obviously manufactured overseas . Do n't expect any warranty support either as there is absolutely no contact information for the manufacturer in the documentation provided .
 This thing is junk . I tried it for the first time a week ago on my riding lawn mower and it was dead , so I charged it for 24 hrs and still nothing I bought this thing in March 06 . I emailed them a week ago about getting a replacement and have not gotten an answer back yet , and most likly will never get a reply.Save your money and do not buy this product !
 I was attracted to this product because it was less expensive compared to the dealer price and the independent parts store price . I was not happy with how flimsy the filter is and it was very difficult to install . I had to trim it and reinforce it with cardboard before I could make it fit . I will not purchase it again .
 The unit I recieved wouldnt power on , reseated the battery several times and it eventually came up . When it worked it was handy for check temps around the house . Replaced battery but this didnt resolve the issue I have the same problem now and will be checking with the manufacurer to see if the unit has a warranty .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Amazon needs to specify what size fuel lines this filter works with . I thought it was fairly universal , but it 's for very small lines -LRB- 1/4 '' I think -RRB- , and did n't work for me .
 The item I received said it was for a 97 dodge ram 3500 , and I assumed it would look like the picture , red and white , like all rancho products . This product was silver and did not fit the vehicle . They need to take this item off the list of vehicles that it will work for , as it will not work for a 97 dodge ram 3500 .
 BEWARE ! You will not be receiving two red and white Rancho steering stabilizer shocks , like the picture . Instead , you will receive one silver shock . I 'm returning this tomorrow .
 The item I received does n't fit my 1993 Toyota Pickup 4x4 . If they had sent me the product similar to one in the image it would have fit , but I received a product that does n't have the eyelets on the end , it has threaded ends.I ended up calling Rancho about this , long story short , the image they use is a lie and you must buy their mounting bracket . It 's frustrating because they are selling the product as a bolt in replacement and it 's not . Why would I want to cut off my factory mounts and weld on a new one ? Maybe if you were installing dual stabilizers , but simply replacing a worn out stabilizer that does n't make sense.Avoid Rancho on this one .
 I did not care for this product the cost was great but the functionality of them was poor they would not stay in adjustment.Also when you 're used to having power mirrors it just is not fun with these.I might add if you 're in a pinch one time usage would be good .
 I was unable to get it to tighten enough on the truck mirror . It kept coming loose . It was to replace the old style that the mirror was broken . I was able to switch the mirror part and use the old style again .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Installed the rain guard and the guard would not stay in place . Bowed the rubber seal the window sits in so the window would not raise as easy . Going to buy the ones that stick to the outside of the door .
 I bought 5 cans of this for a project ... Horrible !! It 's not the paint , it 's the sprayer . I sprayed it on the ground to figure out what the heck it was doing and it made two lines ... With one spray ? Three of the five cans did this . The two that did n't do this had the normal spray top on them . The chalkboard paint by Krylon was perfect and so easy to use . Good product if you get the regular spray button top thing - check before you buy .
 IF I could give this paint a lower rating I would . It 's not the paint itself so much as it is the sprayer and the wastefullness of it because of the sprayer . The `` new 360 dial '' directional sprayer on this paint is HORRIBLE . It causes most of the paint to spray into the air and not on what you are trying to paint . I bought three cans of rustolum primer and three cans of this Krylon indoor/outdoor metal + wood + wicker + more satin spray paint . The rustolum covered 4x the area that this did . I will need to buy at least 4-5 more cans of this crap to complete my project . A LOT of the paint is wasted as it sprays into the air . At first I was holding the paint at a normal distance from my project but 95 % of the paint was going into the air . Then I held it closer , about 4 '' from my project to try to get the paint onto it , but then the paint started to get runs in it . So it caused a COMPLETE MESS . I am no novice at using spray paints . I 've been using them for 40 years . This is the most wastefull spray paint I 've ever used . Blotchy uneven finish will cause you to have to go over and over it even when you think your done . If you stand back and look you will see `` holidays '' in the paint . Be prepared to spend a LOT of money on a LOT of cans of this paint . If I had it to do over again , I 'd choose a different color so I could buy a different brand . Never again , Krylon !
 False Advertising at it 's best . Yeah , you have to read that they are only selling you one but they lure you with six .
 I really like this product , the assembly was simple -LRB- clean surfaces and solid assembly pressure are always critical to good adhesion -RRB- . I have since been through heavy ice and snow , as well as two touchless car washes and seen no evidence of degredation in the adhesive . The design is simple and the lines match my car . There also seems to be some clear space to add chrome strip details if I ever decided to add an enhancement . A + after 3 months . I am not sure what to expect in longevity from this product but so far so good . Very pleased .
 i bought this gun oiled it took off 2 tires and the gun locked up same thing happined to another guy at my shop save your self some time and $ and buy a ingersal
 The shocks arrived with the proper installation hardware but turned out to be junk . The shocks ride horribly and I am not sure what to do about it since I would need to uninstall them and send them back . It would be easier to just buy another set somewere else .
 THE SHADES IN AND OF THEMSEVLES ARE FINE BUT THE REAR SHADES ARE WORTHLESS . THE REAR SHADES SHOULD BE CURVED LIKE THE FRONT ARE SO THEY COVER THE BACK HALF OF THE WINDOW WHEN YOU CRACK THEM OPEN . AS SOON AS YOU OPEN THE REAR , THE TOP PORTION IS PROTECTED BUT THE REAR SLOPING PORTION IS NOT AND THEREFORE YOU CA N'T CRACK THE REAR WINWOWS WHEN IT RAINS BECAUSE IT WILL RAIN RIGHT IN . SOMEONE REALLY MIS-ENGINEERED THIS ONE , BECAUSE NO ONE TOOK THE TIME TO ANALYZE THE SITUATION .
 I bought this so I could siphon some automatic transmission fluid out of the dipstick entry under my hood . Squeezing the ball and putting the tube inside the liquid , pulled the ATF about halfway up the long end of the tube . I was unable to build up enough pressure to pull the liquid any further along and certainly not enough to get a flow going .
 The visors came in perfect condition and very fast - that was great . But the product was so thin in the width it barely even fits the window channels/frames . It hardly does anything about venting the car that they are practically useless . I am totally disappointed in this product , but I should have known better . I have three other vehicles that have window frames . The other vent visors I purchased worked on the INSIDE of the window frame and fit and work perfectly - I love them . BUT , there is no window frame on my 1996 Dodge Neon and the style of window vent I received had to mount on the outside of the car 's exterior - not a good product at all - save your money , time and energy on these .
 Part advertised to fit a 2004 Dakota extended cab , came in not only broken by UPS but only fits a full size RAM P/U not a Dakota
 The shield itself looks great - but there was n't an installation kit nor the instructions . It was deal , yes , but the headache to get it installed makes it not worth the money saved .
 Since headlight bulbs are usually sold in pairs , the seller should have mentioned the item is for one single bulb . My original order was over $ 25 with other items , so I got free shipping . Now I am going to have to pay for shipping , which costs almost as much as the bulbs just to get the matching pair.On a side note , I do realize the picture only shows one bulb , but I 've learned that the picture is not always what you are getting .
 Nice and bright but In ten mints the Hi beam filament burned out and then the low beam filament burned out good thing i carry an extra bulb in the glove box .
 Product does not work for truck beds that have been lined . A linning such as a Rhino Linning is too rough for the adhesive to work properly . It will come loose over a short time . As a result of this products failure I had a linning installed that required screws .
 EGR 563011 WindowVisor Dark Smoke 2-Piece In-Channel Tapeless Window VisorsThis product did not come close to fitting my 1995 Ford Explorer . The product details relates it would fit , a check of all numbers , product style and manufacture said it should fit . There was no way this model was designed for a 1995 Ford Explorer . The details list about 200 vehicles the thing fits so be leery of it because 9 times out of 10 you will be sending it back , also do n't throw the box away when you open it because it is a pain to find one that will fit this boom-a-rang looking thing . I paid for it via credit card on Dec 28th , 2007 and still waiting for my account to get credit as of Jan 28 , 2008 . So if you have some cash you will not miss for the next 30 to 90 days , go ahead and buy this product .
 Using the fitment provided by Amazon , I purchased these pads for the front disks of my 2006 Honda Accord Hybrid . It does not match the slots in the caliper . Rotors recommended by Amazon also do not fit . Betcha the return shipping cost makes it a net loss , not to mention the nuisance of having to effectively do the brake job twice .
 Noisiest brakes I have ever had . I have always done my own brakes and always use Duralast but decided to try and save some money this time . I greased the pins and connecting points as usual and they do nothing but squeak . Took the squealers off and still squeak . Got 200 miles on them and still no better . Will be yanking them off and putting on Duralast . So much for saving money .
 I bought this thinking I would save a few bucks.Well , since I paid for this , then bought a proper sensor , that , uh actually WORKS , I did n't save squat.Buy the right one . Do n't waste your time or money.Update ; I should have stated that the `` proper '' sensor I boughtwas the Denso 234-4052 , also from Amazon.As in the review above , the wiring is simple . -LRB- 4 wires -RRB- I do not recomend.PP4x4
 If I did n't believe in free speech , I would take a marker to scribble over second phrase of this sticker . Joking about murder is sick and insensitive . Also , you never know who is in the vehicle behind you . It could be a bereaved parent who had lost a young child . This insensitive sticker would only make them feel worse . Furthermore , if someone driving a vehicle with this sticker accidently hit a young child , I wonder if a judge or jury would factor in the sticker and consider that it might not have been an accident ? I recommend passing on this tasteless sticker .
 Can not get fob to operate correctly . Seller has been very courteous and we have had several conversations . I gave up and got a different fob .
 Not shipped as shown on photo . No brackets to keep it in place . They want to sell you a floor mat that will roll up under your feet , blocking the pedals and cause you to wreck and die . This company sucks really bad .
 I own a srt8 charger , install was suppose to be simple but ... The bolts that came with the spacer where to long causing one of the bolts to snap in the intake manifold . I now have to drill out a stainless steel bolt which of course I did n't have the bids so had to buy that and the easy out to remove the bolt so use different bolts or add a couple washers cause a manifold cost about 700 dollars for the charger and it 's not fun on the bright side I was averaging about 12.9 mpg I 'm at 14.1 now
 Product arrived in a hurry and was easy to install . Having used these on other vehicles I was excited at getting ready to increase my mileage and horsepower as well as listening to the `` whistle '' this product usually causes your vehicle to produce . After installation on a 5.7 liter Dodge Charger however I was disappointed . No extra sound and no additional power or fuel economy.Yep , usually a great item but if you own a Chrysler/Dodge 5.7 product you would be better off spending the money on something else .
 I bought this for my 2005 Jeep . After talking with the Audiovox help line , I found out that it is not designed to work with `` coil pack '' distributorless ignition systems like mine . I wish this info was in the literature so I could have found out before purchase . In fact , the person I talked to said it 's only for 1995 and older vehicles . I 'm shure it can be adapted for some newer vehicles , but if you have a `` coil pack '' instead of a distributor , do n't bother . You 'll spend more time trying to find out how to get it to work than it 's worth .
 The item did n't work because of the year of my vehicle -LRB- 2005 Frontier -RRB- . the ad seemed to imply it would work or at least that 's how I interpeted it . Fortunately someone had a earlier model Frontier that bought it from me so I did n't have to return it -LRB- just luck I guess -RRB- . What the manufactuer needs to do is state that 2005 Frontiers and later are not candidagtes for after market cruise controls .
 Unit has no updated info beyond year 95 . May work great but no info you ca n't install . Audiovox website no help ! Sent back for refund .
 If you are interested in purchasing an Audiovox CCS100 Cruise Control from Amazon , BE ADVISED that it really comes from MOTOGROUP of Jacksonville , FL , and there is absolutely NO PRODUCT SUPPORT from these people !!! You receive your cruise control with NO WRITTEN WARRENTY , and INCOMPLETE INSTRUCTIONS . When contacted by phone , they informed me that I had only a 30 day warrenty and that they would return my phone call with possibly more help . The phone call never came !!! Page -1 - of the instructions refers you to `` the enclosed reference manual '' for vehicle application . I assume that is the installation manual , and there are no specific vehicle applications listed in this manual . Bottom line -- it does n't work properly , and there is nothing to be done about it !!! Note
 These have been discontinued and I am trying to locate a magnet kit for mine . The magnet kits are no longer available from any source . Interested in purchasing a magnet kit for the CCS100 .
 I bought am Audiovox ccs100 vacuum cruise control , and I ca n't find anybody to install . It is going in a 1990 VW camper bus . I live in Portland Oregon , and can not find I person that will work on it . I ' v call a dozen VW shops , and none will do it . Check with your mechanic first !
 I have had this product over a month and still have not successfully installed it . There is no access to wiring diagrams and the instructions are very unclear as to what wires to connect . I installes an auto start system on this vehical . so I know with proper instructions I should be able to install this ...
 I have had to replace the unit the first time w/in the 12 month warranty . They handled it very well and a whole new unit was sent which I installed the `` computer '' unit only . It died again w/in the year . I had a repair shop check it out and the speed control unit is not working properly and the wiring etc. was correct .
 Th instruction manual is outdated and it would be alot easier to install if there were more specific information on the locations for the vss and tach hookups . This would be quite an easy install if the manual was up to date , mine only went up to 1995 , which is rediculous . I think they expect everybody that has a newer car to use the optional speed sensor kit included , but I dont think it would work as good as the vss hookup .
 I assume that the product would work well once it was installed . However , installation is difficult and you may need an expert 's advice more than once to be able to install it . I am returning mine after toiling for hours to try and install it . I assume it works well and give the product 4 stars ... but because of the old instructions and difficult installation , only two stars overall .
 I would not purchase this product ever again . I had a older USA made saddleman seat cover that I was replacing in a 1970 Chev PU . The old one held up for several years . The new one which is now made in China is a P.O.S ! Just another example of why some american companys should have kept their business here in the good ol' USA . I would have gladly paid more to get a exact USA made replacement , So now here I am currently looking for a different product altogether .
 This seat cover is just four months old , has very little use and is already splitting apart in several places . Then again , what did I expect for -LSB- ... -RSB- , at least a year or two of use .
 ordered right number but box had wrong product in box , returned for full refund , guess manufacturer goofed , not amazon
 I have the notorious 01M transmission problem on my vw jetta . It sticks in gear and wont upshift . this lucas product made the problem worse even after the trans ecu was reset . I have to say that lucas makes fine products and it seems that it is just in this case that it wont help at all .
 We tried this fix for a our rebuilt transmission leak.It did not work and it is still dripping.Lucas 10009 Transmission Fix 24 oz.was the recommended fix .
 I bought this stuff for my 1947 Willys Jeep . The transfer case/transmission has developed a nasty leak recently , and I hoped this product would help . I added a full bottle to the transfer case -LRB- which was leaking the most -RRB- and a bit to the transmission sump ; they are interconnected , but have separate fill and drain holes . It was very difficult to get into the fill holes because of the viscosity of the stuff -LRB- about the consistency of molasses -RRB- . I drove around today , about 40 miles or so , and both the transfer case and the transmission still leak about the same as when I put it in . I can not recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a leaky transmission .
 Appears to be honda civic compatible . But after using Lubegard I have found a stark difference -LRB- better -RRB- with Lubegard . Lucas works but it slows down shifts -LRB- about a 2 seconds delay -RRB- and I had to gun the engine to get that power transfer up a hill or long shallow incline . Lubegard transfers power to the civic very quickly . I suspect that the reason is because lubegard is very thin and Lucas is too thick and tacky . Maybe it will work for you in a much more positive way , but not for me . I am surprised that other reviewers are saying that it makes shifting BETTER ??? I will assume they never compared it to lubegard , so they would have known what smooth really is , like i did . OR perhaps it really shifts better based on the particular car make and degree of tranny damage ; so in all fairness , I can not knock those reviewers , but you can try lubegard . I stand by it ; if you want smoother shifting -LRB- does not stop leaks if you have any ! Conclusion
 This seat cover has got to be one of the most worthless purchases I 've ever made . It looked great when I took it out of the box , but everything went downhill after that . First off , the cover was too small for the 1984 Chevrolet standard bench seat I used it on . Luckily , the pocket in front was created by simply folding material over and making a few stitches . I cut the stitches and unfurled the material to give me just enough extra length to properly install the cover -LRB- barely -RRB- . After sitting outside since I installed it in May -LRB- and getting very little use -RRB- , the cover has literally disintegrated into strings and powder . I can only surmise that this thing must be made from some recycled Chinese industrial waste . The previous saddle blanket cover I had in the truck lasted approximately 20 years . DO NOT waste your money on this POS !
 This seat cover was great for the first couple of months . It looked good and felt good . But about halfway through the summer is began to disintegrate and will will actually crumble to the touch leaving a layer of blue dust all over anything that touches it . Definitely would not recommend this to anyone . Spend an extra couple of dollars and get one from a reputable dealer .
 This product uses MMT -LRB- Methylcyclopentadienyl Manganese Tricarbonyl -RRB- to raise the octane , which is bad news for any car with a catalytic converter . During combustion , the manganese is liberated from the compound . This manganese vapor is then deposited on your spark plugs and in the fine mesh structure of your catalytic converter . The deposits in the catalytic converter can significantly obstruct exhaust flow and impede the ability of the cat to do its job wrt NOx emissions.That 's unfortunate , since I 've tried a variety of other -LRB- cheaper -RRB- brands and store-brands of octane booster , without much improvement -- but this stuff actually works .
 I ordered this the first time with other items and the cleaner bottle leaked inside the box . I had to return it with some other items that got some of the solution on them . My replacement shipment was sent quickly by amazon . It had a new replacement for the cleaner and the items I had returned , and again the bottle leaked over the items . Now I 'm returning it for a refund . I have ordered other spray solutions from amazon that did n't cause any mess . This bottle is of bad quality , and amazon is doing a bad job of putting it in the same box with other items that you might order . Its best not to order this product online .
 this is another cover that that was worthless specially for 40.00 same as the other one I got , it started to get a big rip on the same day as we were trying to get the antena out , so this was another ripoff , I got one at wallmart that I 'm still using
 Delivery was refused and product returned to shipper and received by them 12/8/06 ; however Amazone and credit card company have not coordinated the refund as of this date 1/9/07 .
 I tried this product on two vehicles . It did not work on either of them . One leak was tiny at the rear main seal and the other was much worse and coming from multiple areas . Do n't waste your money !
 I ordered a Sylvania H6054LL Halogen Plus Headlight in a Red Box . What I recieved was a standard Wagner Halogen H6054 in a Blue Box . But because I need these headlights now I have chosen to install them . I probably will not buy from here again.Stephen Skeen
 Sorely disappointed that Amazon allows sellers that misrepresent their items . I order one and received a tool bag that is VINYL !!!!!!!!!!!!! Just BEWARE ! The -LRB- ** & -LRB- * bag had a tag that stated it was leather !!!
 A Sparkplug is a sparkplug , but I am offended about Amazon 's misleading advertising . If I had known that the free postage offer would not be honoured , I would have examined the other offers much more carefully , and probably made a different decision!PeterB
 Well , the product is what it is supposed to be.I was n't very satisfied with their shipping . It took too long .
 This product did not fit my brother 's 2004 Ford Ranger . Check you car 's connection before ordering . Had to order the Metra 70-1771 16-pin wiring harness for Ford/Lincoln/Mazda 1998-Up .
 This wiring harness is good for * most * Ford Focus models in the years listed , but not all . Specifically if you have one of the 2003-2004 models with the Blaupunkt stereo you will need the 17-1784 harness instead -LRB- one that is made primarily for VWs and Audis , but for some reason also for a couple specific Focus models -RRB- . I have one of those Focus models and trusted the Amazon model checker which said this harness would work in my car when in fact it did not.It would behoove you to pull out the stereo first just to check which harness you need before ordering one , especially if you have a 2003-2004 Ford Focus.I ca n't really comment on the quality of this product as I was unable to use it .
 I have a 2000 ford focus SE and this DOES NOT FIT !!! I now have no choice but to hard wire it in NOT HAPPY .
 Bought this along with my install kit and headunit for my truck . I have a 98 Ford Ranger and this wiring harness WILL NOT FIT . This is no where near the correct plug for the 98 ranger . Even tho they say this is for an 85-04 Ford Truck/SUV . This is NOT true . I went to wally-world and bought another wiring harness -LRB- since I did n't want to wait on another one of these to come in -RRB- . Their wiring harness they had for sale has 4 differnet plugs - including the one shown in the picture . If I remembered the brand I would tell you . But be warry of this harness . May NOT fit .
 I do n't know if I accidently orderd the wrong one , or the description was wrong , or they sent the wrong one but it did n't work for my 2001 Ford Focus .
 I got this for my 2001 F150 with the non-premeum sound but does not fit . I recomend removing your stereo and checking before you order .
 This product does not fit all applications listed . I have a 1995 Ford Explorer and this is not the correct wiring harness . Just a fyi for those looking .
 Even amazon listed this as being compatible in a 2000 mercury cougar . I removed to stock stereo only to find that this adapter is not the right size/number of pins . Amazon wo n't let me return it , only replace it . I should have paid extra and bough one from a local store , then I could have actually returned it . You 're letting me down amazon
 and biting into them with your bare teeth , you might want take time out buy and admire this bumpersticker . OTOH , if you 're not eating lions and tigers and sharks , chances are you 're not at the top of the food chain . And whoever thinks it 's best for a human to be at the top of the food chain is not a cardiologist.But I give this sticker an extra star for being mildly amusing .
 Did not expect an AC Delco part not to be made in USA . Although it seems to work okay , I wonder for how long . The original switch it replaced seemed to last 20 + years , this one is not as sturdy as the one it replaced .
 Good price and it arrived quickly . No problems with Amazon but this tank does n't include the hoses so now my hubby has to figure out how to make an attachment that wo n't leak . Talked to someone else who owns the same one and they confirmed the parts are n't missing - they were never included on this model even though the instructions say they are ! Basically it 's a tank with wheels and a cap over the drain hole .
 I bought 2 units one f them after 4 months does not work any more so it 's not that reliable
 Could n't believe I had to buy this separate . Bought Wolos best compressor and a top of the line Horn . Three hundred plus for the setup . After it arrives I learn I need this value and a button to make things work . Companies that do business like this do n't deserve our business . I do n't recommend wolos products and I wo n't buy them again .
 Not what was expected . Took hours to figure out where to mount it in my 2006 Chevy Silverado 2500HD . Then it was no louder than my stock horn . Within a week of installation it was no more than a squeak . Now it does n't work at all . Ca n't return it because it 's mounted in the truck engine compartment . Not sure what to do with it . Is it the compressor ? Is it the horns ? No way to tell . What a waste of money .
 I bought this for my 97 Saturn . The product description said it was 16 inches long . When I removed from box , it was only 13 inches long . Fortunately , I had not cut the old one off yet . Returned to Amazon . Do n't know if maybe the wrong converter in the box or just a poor manufacturer . First time with any Wagner products .
 The exhaust pipe on the car 2001 ford focus ZTS is 2 inch , this is 1.75 , but no where in the online catalog doe it say the thing will not fit in the location of the original . or that modification of the existing exhaust has to be made . No bolt and clamp here - it must be welded in place -
 if you want the deep horn sound like the semi trucks you have to get the compressor with the tank . roughly around $ 300 but worth every penny . I bought this one to put in the back of the truck for when people decide to tail my bumper . the one if front is for people that are going to slow or cut out in front of me ...
 Be careful , this ` cover ' is only a frame!I had to return it .
 This frame was almost great.Solid , with a nice rubber gasket around , and nice mounting hardware.bad :1 -RRB- the chrome plating is poorly done and looks cheap : a -RRB- you can see uneven reflections especially near the eyelets , the chrome plating is not flat . This makes the part look cheap.b -RRB- the second thing the part looks cheap
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 My original lamps on my Miata lasted 4 years . I replaced them with these Sylvania Superstars last year and both have already burned out . After reading Consumer Reports ' review from December 2006 , I now see why . They found no noticable driving improvement by using these bulbs and they tend to burn out too quickly . I see gimickry all thru the auto headlight bulb market!Consumer Reports recommomended the standard halogen bulbs .
 I bought two sets of this for two cars . One bulb out of each set burned out within 12 month and 15 month . Sylvania rep stated that they are only expected to last 12 month . Also `` OSRAM SYLVANIA , Inc. does not have an across-the-board warranty for our products . '' I would goto another brand .
 My factory lights lasted about two and a half years before one burnt out , so I replaced both with a set of these bulbs . While I did like the High Beam performance over the stock , low beam performance was mediocre at best , and the lifetime was abysmal . When the first set went after only 3 months , I thought perhaps it was a recent cold snap that might have had an effect . But both bulbs burned out within a week of each other.I got a second set , thinking perhaps it was just bad luck/unfortunate weather , but that set also had one bulb burn out within 3 months , so I just went and got a standard bulb set , from a different manufacturer .
 One of my 9003ST blew within 2 months . I use them as Daytime Driving light . I got about 100 hours of use from that bulb . I 'm just waiting for other one to blow any moment . The bulb 's coiled filament did n't even show sign of use . The filament split cleanly in the center of the coil and left with half the coil intact . The bulb glass has no discoloration at all . Other than it 's bad life expectancy -LRB- supposedly between 6 to 12 months -RCB- , these bulbs have vibration issues . My OEM bulb lasted 4 years exactly . And I also use them as Daytime Driving light .
 my original factory installed bulbs on my 2003 honda CRV lasted from 03/03/2003 until 10/14/2007 roughly 4 1/2 years . I bought these Silver Star bulbs because i liked the look of the light from the bulb and because i do a good amount of night driving . I installed them myself being very careful not to touch the bulb at all with my bare hand . They were awesome for 5 months . In march of 2008 they both burned out within minutes of each other.never will buy again .
 When my original headlight burnt out on my 2004 Odyssey , I replaced both the broken and working headlights to keep them in ` sync ' . Wow , do I wish I just left it alone . Did I see a difference between the lights Honda provided and these super-bulbs , nope . What I did see was a real mess . These things burnt out every few months . -LRB- and no , I did n't touch the glass and yes , I did lubricate the bayonet inputs with electrical conducting grease.I wish I read these reviews before . My dealer had me convinced that I needed a complete electrical overhaul to find the problem in my car . Well , guess what ... they did n't find anything . Seems it 's these stupid bulbs all along . They do NOT LAST . I have since tried another line of bulbs to see if they are better . The reviews for the `` GE 9003NH/BP2 Nighthawk Automotive Replacement Bulbs - Pack of 2 '' seem a bit better to me . I 'll update the review if I find that those too burn out too quickly.I 'm not asking for a bulb that last forever . The original bulbs lasted 6 years . How about giving me something that lasts even 30 % of that ... OK Sylvania ?
 I spent twice the price as plain bulbs and got a set of these . One burned out in less then 3 months , I thought maybe it was defective but 3 days later the other one burned out . So i put my old bulbs back in that were about 2 years old and they kept working until I sold the car a year later . So I know these was no problem with the car , these bulbs are worthless . They didnt even seem much brighter the short time I had them . The should be pulled and no longer sold .
 Although this bulb provides excellent night time field of view , I have replaced the first after just 6 months of use.COST TO RUN THIS BULB
 Bought two sets of these type of headlamp replacements and was dismayed to find that they each lasted far less than 1 year . There is a ONE TIME warranty replacement PER PERSON . Buy any other bulb but this . Less than a year life for a auto headlamp is NOT ACCEPTABLE .
 This is a nice Horn , I like it , but I 'm not recommending it because of the company Wolo.Bought this horn with their best air compressor and tank , thought I had everything I needed . Installed the horn , put in the compressor and tank , then learned I needed a $ 50 value and a $ 8 horn button . Paid over $ 300 for the compressor and horn , and I ca n't use it till I buy the other parts . The valve should have been attached to the compressor , and the button should have come with the horn . Surprised I did n't have to order the bolts to bolt on the horn . Talk about a nickle and dime company , they wo n't ever get my business again . No I did n't contact them to complain . Whats the point ? Think a company like this cares about customers . Reviews like this get the word out . When people stop buying because they are tired of getting screwed . Someone will get fired and hopefully we will see a change in attitude . If you plan to buy anything from this company please , read the add carefully , check other companies and see what comes with their product , then go back and see whats not included in the wolo product . To bad , it really is a good looking horn , I mounted it on the roof rack , which has some chrome too , on my Avalanche 2500 , lots of complements about it , and surprise when I tell them about the value and button .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 This product does not sound like a back up alarm but may be great for calling birds .
 I agree with the other reviewer that it does block vision out the back window . I have trouble at night . The suction cups have not been staying put and that is annoying . It does , however , block the sun and provide shade inthe back of the car .
 Well , it definitely keeps the light out ... but the driver ca n't see through it very well at all . This product is a driving hazard .
 Okay , so I have looked all around for rear window shades and decided upon this one . I bought it for it 's width , it was the widest one I 've found . Alas , it was not to be ... I found it to still be too small for the window and vision during the day and night was a problem . The main problem I had with this shade is that it did not block the sun for my son . He would turn away because the sun was in his face . I got in the back seat and tried it out too and had to squint because of the sun.I think an improvement for all window shades is to make them square AND long .
 It works good . Blocks the sun and it stays up.But it also blocks your seight at your rear window , when you have to back up etc.We did end up to take it down . Not the money worth !!!
 I ordered a 33311 filter , I received a 33331 . Have not received the correct one as of this date.Have to pay closer attention to the number when they are pulled .
 I purchased this impact wrench because I wanted a tool to remove the lug nuts on my car when a pneumatic tool was n't available . This tool is worthless at that task . It makes a tremendous amount of noise and achieves nothing . I strongly recommend against this tool based on its very poor performance .
 I found THE EXACT SAME Sylvania two-pack of 921LL 's at a PepBoys for $ 3.99 . Ten & a half bucks , PLUS shipping ? `` I do n't think so , Tim . ''
 You can get them at most any auto parts store for around $ 3.99 for a twin pack.The bulbs themselves are very good and last a lot longer than the regular 921 's .
 The light bulb does not light anything , has a reduction consumption , is pretty , but does n't work properly .
 I bought these thinking they were just the non-painted I need for my 65 Chevy . These are larger diameter and wo n't fit the factory bracket .
 Ya compr&eacute; este producto dos veces . La primera vez , ... un a & ntilde ; o despu&eacute;s de instalado present&oacute; oxidaci&oacute;n y surgi&oacute; un agujero ! Por falta de opci&oacute;n , tuve que comprar otro del mismo fabricante ya que vivo en Rep. Dominicana y no tengo muchas opciones . Ya complet&oacute; unos 4 meses que lo instal&eacute; . & iexcl ; Ojal&aacute; no pase lo mismo !
 I appreciate the need to make money , but when a bottle too small that cant even spray very well with a trigger that breaks just by using it and a flimsy box cutter with a cheap squeegee comes in the mail as a `` Professional Film Tool Kit '' , it 's hard to give it anything other than 1 star . What I will say is that it 's cheap and I should have known better and followed the rule of how you get what you pay for . I certainly do n't believe it deserves the title of a `` Professional '' tool kit.Otherwise this is a very good seller and I will most likely purchase from them again .
 They must be churning these bumper stickers out at a high rate to spit this out . `` Teat '' your children ? Heavens !
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 to hard , it not fit right like they said in Nissan frontier 2010 , is a good experience to next time be more careful .
 RECIBI EL PRODUCTO EQUIVOCADO ERAN 3 FILTROS RF 1039 ME ENTREGARON SOLO 2 Y EL OTRO VENIA GIGANTE DE REFERENCIA F030A6 NO ME SIRVE PARA NADA , PERDI DINERO CLIENTE Y TIEMPO ME PARECE UNA FALTA DE RESPETO PIDO QUE ME SEA ENVIADO UN FILTRO RF1039 O SI NO LES DENUNCIARE POR FALSA PUBLICIDAD Y PERDIDA DE MI DINERO .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU HAVE AN '04 AVALANCHE . Many chevy trucks have lifetime fuel filters located inside the fuel tank , including , you guessed it , the '04 avalanche . Amazon should note that the part may not be a changeable part in the product description . This may save the `` Do It Yourselfer '' roughly about 45 minutes or so looking for the rascal . Hope this info is useful to fellow Chevy owners .
 I was under the impression that this would be copper connections because of the ` copper ' looking bolts , the brown hughe . . and other B&A ; product pictures having pictures . Copper is a better conductor , thus better spark , better efficiency . mpg etc. . makes a big deal over the course of tens of thousands of miles.That is unfortunate . Keep shopping if you want copper . Not sure who still makes them .
 about a month after purchase , its first day in the relatively weak bay area sunlight , it disintegrated into a dandelion poof of worthlessness . . also ripped freakishly easily . . invest the extra 20 bucks and just get a Motogear Deluxe Motorcycle Cover - Cruiser - sturdy , breathable , water/tear-proof
 The `` large '' motorcycle cover I ordered is n't . I have a 1988 BMW R100RT , and the cover I ordered is n't large enough to adequately cover my bike . The last cover I had was a `` large '' and fit fine . The one I purchased from you is , at best , a `` medium '' .
 This cover disintegrated in a month or so . Yeah , you get what you pay for . This brand is not happening for me again .
 this was bought for a 1964 Chrysler Newport as advertised on this website , the part did not fit and the three mechanics told me never to buy chromeanyway I ended up using my old one bang out and repainted . beware of buying parts for classic cars online they say it will fit but ...
 ordered March 1,2012 ... as of March 6,2012 the product still has NOT shipped , I need a hitch on my Ranger so I can tow my boat to the lake
 The lights installed and fit fine but the adjustments for aiming the headlights are very low quality . When the low beam is correct the high beam is to high , and same with the high beam . The assembly even wiggles in the mount and you can notice it while driving .
 At first glance , I was very impressed with the glass lens instead of the cheap OEM headlamp . Also impressed with -LRB- what looked like at first glance -RRB- the reverse engineering of the components.I then installed the base mount -LRB- after removing the grill etc -RRB- when installing the headlamp bulbs , I noticed the cheesy design ; they do n't twist in correctly , they are NOT held in flush and tight and they DO NOT seal correctly . So I used Right Stuff sealant to hold in place -LRB- so they do n't shake going down the road -RRB- and so the assemblies do n't take on water.After the install , I notice there was quite a bit of movement in the assy , so I tightened the long assembly screws . After I decided to get a good quality bulb to put in , I discovered that I could n't get the assemblies out of the base mount , because when I chose to tighten the screws , it pulled the nutserts out of the base mount into the assembly , which prevented it from pulling out of the base mount . I had to place the screw partially in the nutserts and pound down on them to get the nutsert out of the path of the assembly.After the reinstall , they desperately needed adjustment , and during that process , the adjustment screws pulled out of the mounts . I had to remove them 4 times because my repairs did n't work . I have finally epoxied the adjustment mount inserts to the assemblies and hope they do n't pop out . Oh by the way , when one pulled out , it broke the assy.I would hope that if I accidentally reached the end of the adjustment , that it would simply stop and not pull out of the assy.This is the first and only Amazon item that I have purchased , that I have been VERY disappointed with.DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND . Spend the extra money and get a brand from a company that cares for the quality of product they produce .
 This pump is slightly shorter than the original . About 1/4 '' N69131It came with an inclosed separate sheet stating that it may look different but `` IT WILL FIT '' see special instruction sheet.None provided.None in other pumps in stock.After 4 tries I discovered that the pump was blowing itself back and out of the internal connection because the spacer cushion did not hold the pump up in place correctly . This application used no clamps to connect the pump.I fabricated a spacer to hold the pump up and make up the space that the new pump was shorter.I never found the missing `` addendum '' anywhere on the net.The Bosch rep told me to buy the $ 300 + pump which included the gas gauage and make up tank.I suspect that this pump fits many applications just fine but on my 99 Super Duty it was one giant pain.Removing the tank 3 times to find out what went wrong and then find out it was the bad fit.One other problem was the new rubber sleeve was NOT ethanol compatable as it swelled about 50 % after overnight immersion.This is a good pump but be wary of making it fit . The electrical harness adapter works fine but that short outlet pipe will cause grief if you ca n't use a clamp and hose .
 The metal part of the frame is great , and most likely long lasting , but the lettering are stick on letters held on with poorly made adhesive that does n't hold on very well , the letters come off when either washing your car or in a heavy rain , or if you have a trunk mounted frame , when you close your trunk even the letters pop off , I lost two of my letters already , had to use black marker for now until I find better frames . Also does n't come with screws , but has the caps which do n't even fit the standard screws that come on my 2008 Jeep Liberty , so I could n't even use the Jeep screw head covers . I guess you get what you pay for , I bought them when they were on sale for $ 6.99 each and I bought two of them .
 These are crap . I checked the compatibility chart on Amazon 's site and according to it , these fit . The description was very vague , does not use the correct terminology - who else calls these 2 pieces a hardware kit ?? Needless to say these didnt even fit my car . Just go to the dealer or import auto store and get what you need .
 ordered March 1,2012 ... as of March 6,2012 the product still has NOT shipped , I need a hitch on my Ranger so I can tow my boat to the lake
 Great looking frame , was very happy when I received and installed it . However , I came to find out that the lettering is not enamel or paint but a glued on decal type . After one month the last E came off , luckily I found it in my driveway and glued it back on . A few weeks later 2 more letter came off . I then tried to remove all of the letters , figured I would try to paint it myself , but I scratched the plate in the process and just threw it away . Spend another $ 5 - $ 10 and get one that is painted instead of pressed on ...
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 Soon after I put this frame on my truck , the black lettering just disappeared . Right now , all that 's left showing in black is the ` G ' . I expect that will vanish someday soon . Not worth the money I paid for it .
 Amazon part finder will say that this fit all Honda Accord LX . The true is that it only fit Honda Accord LX V6 . Double check before you order , or you will lose restocking fee for Amazon .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 The pants were too large . I tried to return them to the vendor Extrememoto but I did not get any response to my multiple email messages.Shame on you Extrememoto and Amazon !
 I have a black vehicle and wanted to try something you dont find at every parts store and this was my pick until I saw that the shipping charges -LRB- that really cant cost that much ? -RRB- were just about as much as the product?I guess I will spend my money elsewhere just because of the EXPENSIVE SHIPPING !!!
 The thickness of the material used was too large in diameter , also very hard , could not instal , broke new glass on attempt , -LRB- professional instal -RRB- gasket ripped while trying to instal with second glass . New gasket from another vendor worked as designed . 1983 CJ7 restore , paint was one layer and frame was stock . All other Omix-Ada products used on restore seem to be really good products .
 I have owned two of these digital multimeters , because I love the compact design and the easy , protective storage of the electrical leads . With daily use , the first one lasted about a year before the leads stopped working , and the second only lasted a couple of months before the display went on the fritz . It 's far better than the junk you can buy at Home Depot or Lowes , but I wo n't be lured into buying it a third time .
 We bought one for our cold air intake for the VW . It is very fragile and was scraped by an engine cover . As a result , the plastic engine cover sliced the filter . Mind that this is supposed to be a solid product with metal mesh ... but the PLASTIC sliced through the `` metal . '' In other words , very low quality if plastic can screw up the metal parts of the filter . Had to replace with a better brand of filter .
 SERVICE GREAT , PRODUCT OVER REPRESENTED . COULD NOT FIND JUSTIFICATION FOR CLAIMS WITH ACTUAL USERS . MORE TROUBLE THAN IT 'S WORTH .
 I purchased this kit one year ago . The installation was easy and results looked good.About 4 months ago I noticed that my doors would not open , although I can hear the relays clicking when I pressed the key-less remote -LRB- so the system was powered and working -RRB- . After prying my vent windows open on my 68 Chevy truck and manually pulling the latch cables , the solenoid plungers had completely worked themselves out of the housing . Luckily for me , my interior door panels were not installed yet.The cheap rubber that supports this style plunger -LRB- the moving part of the solenoid that pulls your door latch open -RRB- had dry rotted , cracked and broken away which allows the plungers to completely release from the solenoid and your cables just hang inside of the door assembly and not attached to the unit.This will render you unable to enter your vehicle unless you break the glass and then pull your door panels off to repeatedly reinsert the plungers back into the solenoids.This item is junk ... If you just got to have this particular kit , order it piece by piece and please order different solenoids , unless you like breaking into your own vehicle just to get in ... How embarrassing ? I am now ordering a tougher pair of rubber-less solenoids at an additional $ 75.00 cost to me .
 I wanted to wait a few months befor I reviewed this product and its a good thing I did . It does install easy enough and looks and works great at first . Like the other reviewer posted you can hear it trying to work but the doors wont open . After the doors are opened it works fine , its like there is n't enough power to pop the latch . I leave my back seat down just in case but its a little embarassing climbing into my trunk to get into my car . I would recommend spending the money on a better kit .
 Husky 51121 black front floormats represented as `` custom fit '' . Product received clearly not custom and has numeroius `` cut lines '' that may conform to other vehicles . No configuration close to '08 Dakota pickup truck.Husky Liners 51121 Heavy Duty Black Rubber Front Floor Mat - Pack of 2
 You should n't need a wrench like this anyways -LRB- filters should always be hand tightened -RRB- and this particular model is more difficult to use due to the metal strap . A solid rubber strap would be much more friendly to the filter though obviously alot messier in the event you spill oil on it .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This is NOT custom fitted for my vehicle . It is a fairly generic ` trim to fit ' floor mat that does n't fit any better than cheap , generic mats . It does appear to be fairly heavy-duty , but I 'm unhappy with the implication that it was made specifically for my vehicle .
 This item is not suitable for VAN . so I sent return request 23 days but still it is not picked from home ... Big box waiting at home is very inconvenient . . please arrange for pick up
 At first I thought these were a decent product at a good price . I understand that they are not OEM but it is really about quality . The large rubber `` studs '' used to attach the product to the vehicle loosened after a few months . They did not come out , but loosened enough to cause the headlight to bounce around on bumps . I have taken both left and right out twice now to modify these rubber attachment points . I managed to tighten them up , but with a slight design change , these would be much better ... You get what you pay for , but in this instance these were not cheap ... I did like the fact they came with bulbs already installed .
 I returned the first one due to crinkling and streching in the material . The replacement was the same . Amazon wisely refunded my purchase and did not send a third .
 Product was not the one pictured , although it was the right fluid , it came in a different canister , I specifically ordered from here to get the one that was advertised .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 As I read this was advertise as a bushing for a wiper transmision arm not for suspension shock . I do understand everyone is trying to sell you something but my needs were not met I still have the same need . I 'm still looking for a transmision bushing for a wiper linkage of 1984 Mercedes Benz 300 SD . the name of the wiper mechanisn is misleading transmission , well thats the name , and i ca n't change that . Well i got something I do n't need and that I have no used for . Need to be more careful with the purchases i guess .
 Bought this for around 40 bucks . It claims that it ` cleans ' the leather . But honestly it does not . if you just use the ordinary brush to clean the nubuck that will be as good -LRB- or better -RRB- as using this expensive spray thing . the other bottle is supposed to be the ` conditioner ' . when i used it i only noticed a minimal perceivable difference.overall this product is poor . i came to the conclusion that nubuck leather should be handed over to the experts for cleaning . it may cost you slightly more $ $ than the price of this item but your job will be done well . and best of all you would not waste 40 bucks .
 According to Amazon , this should work in 2003 Camry . Well , among all other heavy items , Amazon threw 4 spark plug without any packing material . End result - car shakes at idle and check engine light comes up every now and then . Reset ECU and same thing happened . I pretty much ended a solid part of a weekend troubleshooting the plugs , eventually gave up and put back original Denso plugs and returned these NGK plugs to amazon . 2 * for not giving me any trouble with the return . Got new OEM Denso plugs from local stores and the car now runs as it should be . Moral of the story , do n't buy plugs from Amazon . Or if you do , do not place order for anything heavier item at the same time .
 Just an alert . I purchased a top-of-the-line Exide battery two years ago . The first one failed , and was replaced by NTB . That in turn failed , and since NTB had dropped Exide , Exide `` customer service '' told me to select a similar battery and submit the receipt and manufacturing number for reimbusement.Only now , Exide refuses to refund my purchase price -- far less than the original Exide battery -- even though the Exide battery had a 36-month free replacement guarantee.Steer clear .
 I used this l.e.d scanner with my car alarm and it last only 2 weeks ! It burned out fast !
 These mud flaps were not even close to fitting my truck . The quality was below average . A total waste of money
 Great value , great price and high quality , what more could you ask for ... where to start ; 1st ... lets start with a frame that fit my NC plate . I had to modify my plate so that I could use the frame .2 nd ... how about a tab or some way to use all 4 screws to hold the plate and frame . due the manufacturer over looking this feature the frame is bouncing every time the window or tail gate door is shut . i have solved this with a wire and two holes.the product is made from OK material however , I would not recommend this product ... find a more thought out design .
 What a ripoff ! I give it one star just because they shipped the correct fuse and did so pretty quick . However , the picture clearly shows SIX fuses - they sent a blister pack of TWO ! Second - read the fine print - I did n't . They charge almost $ 7.50 for S&H PLUS they sent it insured !!! That 's right , insurance on a product worth $ 1.65 ! Since I was n't home when the mail came , I wasted a trip to the P.O. just to get my two fuses . Third - if you want these fuses , truck on over to Ace Hardware - you can get a FIVE pack for $ 2.69 plus tax instead of the $ 9.13 I spent for two . Grrrrr ...
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Did not fit like promo said . Had to make brackets for the rear flaps to mount to . Were very flimsy to be a Husky .
 I picked one of these up to clean up my mess of wires and manage my accessories . Sadly only switch number 1 functions . Whilst I can hear the other switches toggle on and off I checked them with the volt meter and got a null reading . The first switch works terrificly sadly the rest do n't so I 'm rating this 1 out of 5 .
 The frame looked great when I got it , but within 5 days of having it on my car , the black lettering in MUSTANG started falling out . By the end of the first week it said MU ____ G. Not quite the look I was going for . I ended up buying high gloss paint used on miniature car models to fill in the letters . It looks alright , but not made very well .
 Looks great until the letters fall off . Dont waste your money on this one
 The Mustang Letters are falling off . The plate itself is rather sturdy but the lettering isnt very well made . Plus the caps that came with didnt fit the plate .
 I bought 2 to have them on both front and rear . I loved it when I first installed it and got some great comments from fellow Mustang owners . But after just a couple months the letters started falling off both frames.The only reason to buy these frames is to make your car look better . And it does n't look better when the letters fall off.Bottom line ; waste of money .
 I bought one of these frames , and was happy until the black letters fell off . I 've had 2 more replacements , and they all had the same problem . The third one actually had one of the letters sliding around in the package ! It had came off during shipping ! Do n't waste your money on this !
 Just agreeing with previous reviews . The letters fall off so do n't bother buying this .
 Letters fell off like everyone else said . Ended up with '' _ U ____ G '' . Removed it and threw it in the trash . Do n't waste your money .
 Amazon should sell this for alot less , total piece of sh $ T , im taking the rest of the letters off and spray painting the letter area black
 i ordered this iten and i did not get all the parts ... i didnt get the filter which is the more important part ... what the hell ??
 I tested this intake for 3 months before removing it . Here are my .02 cents , hope i can help you with your decision.Sound
 The gap guards are nice , shipping extremely fast . 1st one they sent had no instructions or mounting hardware . They sent me a second one in two days . It to did not have the mounting kit . They emailed saying it didnt have one with it and the discription must have been missleading . Amazon has been very fast answering emails and questions and were very professional . Alowed me to return product if I wanted to . I contacted the manufacturer and they are sending me the mounting kit free of charge . Amazon should check the descriptions of merchandise alittle more carefully . Over all , they are good quality gap guards and I will keep them . I will order from Amazon again , they have great customer service .
 I should have know based on the price this would not hold up . It looks great , but within 2 weeks the hinge came apart -LRB- with normal wear and tear -RRB- .
 When I received this part , several components were missing in accordance with the picture displayed on Amazon . I only received the 3 wire Sending Unit so I returned this item back to Amazon . I have n't received my refund yet and its been awhile .
 These clips are not quite as large as the original clips . Although the difference in size is just a couple millimeters it required that I had to trim every clip a little deeper in order for it to clip in and lock in place . Using these clips made a 10 minute job an hour long .
 I bought these to replace a very long lived pair of leather chaps.With less than 1 year on the pants , the left leg zipper started to fail . With 18 months on them , both zippers regularly pull apart . The problem is , the leg zippers are the fine toothed `` waterproof '' zippers , instead of heavy duty zippers . Those zippers are fine for short runs , but for 26 '' + long leg zippers , they just ca n't stand up to regular usage . My Tourmaster jacket has a heavy duty primary zipper , and it works wonderfully . I just do n't know why Tourmaster decided to go with these small-tooth zippers for the legs.To add insult to injury , the crotch of the pants was only waterproof for the first month or so . After that , any water that pooled between the seat and my legs quickly left me with wet shorts underneath.I stayed about as dry in my chaps , and the zippers on those held up for over 8 years .
 I ordered a dash mat for a 2002 Dodge Dakota . . In reviewing my order , I ordered the correct year . But received 2005 to 2007 dash mat . I am in the process of returning it . This was a Christmas gift for my husband . In fear of this happening again , we will purchase it locally .
 1 . the headers actually have somewhat of clearance issues , when the motor goes in reverse the 1/2 inch clearance causes grinding .2 . The existing heat shield can not be reused , and the headers will also easily overheat your cruise control unit , and you will lose cruise control if you do n't exhaust heat wrap to protect your engine bay from the extra hear3 . These are the cheap black painted ones , go with the armor coated , the black paint actually burns off within minutes of the car heating up , and leaves these pipes looking hideous .4 . the relocation of the o2 sensor may be slightly to far for your factory o2 sensor , not only do you have to pull the whole harness to make it connect , it also will set o2 bank 1 service engine soon light , for delayed response times . so you will have to upgrade to a faster o2 sensor . -- 1 . They improve cars acceleration response , id say if you gutt your catalytic converter when you put the header on you gain about 8 hp . = -RSB-
 this item is entirely different than the one in my 89 supra , i have to return the product .
 the grill is NOT what the picture shows ! Picture showes a `` ford '' emblem and the actual grill does not have a emblem , just aluminum bars !
 While the ` Find Parts ' tool states `` This product fits your 2007 Volkswagen GTI '' , it does not . It 's about an inch longer than the one it 's replacing , and that inch is enough to prohibit it from being installed . It 's not possible to open the tailgate far enough to install.Update
 StrongArm 4329 lift too strong for 2003 Volkswagen Passat Wagon Tailgate . It was a great price , but opens with so much force . I am concerned that it will eventually break the welds on the tailgate hinges . This means i have to hold onto the gate and ease into the final position . Closing
 I failed smog because my O2 sensors did n't work . I bought Bosch sensors and failed again ; the reults were worse . I then bought Denso sensors and passed . The smog guy told me never buy Bosch for Japanese cars . Fortunately Amazon allowed me to return the Bosch sensors . But buying Bosch sensors probably wasted about 8 hours of my time .
 Compatibility check very mis-leading - it said it was compatible with my F150 in big letters but it was not - make sure your VIN 11th letter is a `` C '' . otherwise you may need 45D2314
 The picture on the box was correct . The pump in side the box was wrong . The pump I needed is for in the tank . The one you sent me was for external .
 This Delco speaker is packaged in an oversized box with no protection inside . . so it rattles from end to end . The Amazon shipper places that box in a double sized box , with the inner box positoined against one end , with bubble wrap filling the void on the other side . Where the damage occurs I can not say ... but the first part received had on mounting tab broken off - the broken piece was still in the box . The replacement speaker arrived with the snap mount broken off , again the broken piece was still in the box . I jury-rigged a way to mount the speaker , using 2 tab/holes and drilling new holes in the door mounting bracket and applying sheet metal screws . It 's not as robust , but I suspect I could go on forever returning this part and receiving replacement parts that are also broken .
 The Wix filters I used years ago were good quality , so I was surprised to find that this air filter has very poor fit compared to the Chrysler Mopar filter that it replaces . The foam gasket material around the edge is molded thicker than the Mopar filter so the top of the air filter box wo n't close far enough for the screws to engage . You ca n't squash it down or you risk cracking the plastic hinge tabs or the box mounting bracket . I 'm not pushing Mopar since I 've used other quality aftermarket air filters on the 3.3 L engine and never had this problem . The thickness problem might be an inherent problem in the Wix gasket mold , but there was also poor quality control since the gasket had also oozed out of the mold and covered the filter flow area unevenly about 3/4 '' on one side . If you get one like this , it 's not useable , so you have to waste time trying to return it , and of course some stores may not believe the problem.I e-mailed Wix Customer Service about this problem and received no response .
 Product is good , but do not buy from -LRB- Farr AutoParts -RRB- , they send me a crushed leaking can inside a plastic bag ! in a box . -LRB- Farr AutoParts -RRB- are the worst !
 Amsoil has earned its reputation and in many circles and web conversations it is referred to as `` Scamsoil '' and rightly so . Let me say this Amsoil is Not a bad product . It is just over hyped so much that the consumer gets caught up in a sale of snake oil . The truth is ... Amsoil if a good product . . but the price you are paying is ridiculous for what you are receiving . It is truly no better than other off the shelf name brand synthetic motor oils . If it truly was ... EVERY exotic , luxury down to the cheapest cars made would be recommending it ! Literally to save THEMSELVES money . NOT 1 manufacturer recommends Amsoil . Look it up on the net . Virgin oil samples ARE what oils are made of ... it 's really not hard to find out that it is just another synthetic motor oil . Its just like any other quality synthetic motor oil ! Except , that it is twice as high ! It 's a joke ... buy a name brand API certified oil and follow the manufactures recommended oil change intervals . There is no `` Magic '' oil . Do n't waste your money on snake oil .
 I really loved these shoes when I first got them , but within my first couple times of wearing them the plastic piece on my right heal starting popping off . The heal is completely hollow . Naturally it popped off while I was walking the other day and I lost the plastic piece forever . I really liked the shoes , but they did n't last more than two months .
 I ordered these in my normal size but they fit horribly . I bought them for an outfit so I wore them for one night . These shoes actually damaged my large toe on both feet to the point where I had to see a doctor . Eventually both toenails fell off from the damage done . These went in the trash .
 They 're cheap , what can I say?Cheaply made.No padding for your feet . NONE.Need to break them in or they 'll scrape the bejesus out of your heels.The strap seriously hurts your foot too.Payless.com is now making platforms by . . Brash , I think . They 're much better quality and cheaper as well .
 The shoes have a really cool look to them . I was looking for something like this to match my gothic lolita outfits . However they broke immediately after I bought them and walked down the stairs . The strap came off , like it was just attached with glue . That was a huge disappointment . Another thing is that they have no traction so I was sliding all over the place.If you 're buying cheap shoes , expect cheap results ...
 I put the gr2 on my 90 toyota celica . I drove 200 miles with no abuse and both the rear are blown out , leaking and banging . I should have read more reviews . They are known for being too soft and blowing early . Of course you have to send the bad strut back and wait up to 90 days to get a new one exactly the same strut . Might as well throw them away .
 I replaced stock struts after 140,000 miles and these ride the same as the old ones . Did n't replace springs but was told should n't have to . If it was easy to take back off I 'd do so and return for different brand .
 This item does NOT fit a 1999 Beetle with spoiler . The shipping was expensive . I waited to install until outside the return window . I am now stuck with a hatch strut that does not fit . I do n't know what it fits and it cost twice as much as buying it from someone who knows what fit what . I 'm not very happy.Hope you have better luck .
 This jumpstarter does n't hold a charge . It only worked decent the first time , which I used to inflate some tires . I read not to over charge so I only charge a few hours . Checked the indicator and it was in the green zone . Only lasted 1 minute ! I charge 8 hours , same result . I charge 24 hours , same result . Luckily I have not needed it to jumpstart my car !
 I used this on a cross country drive vacation across the US . It was used to keep the DC cooler with cold drinks and on occasion -LRB- twice to be exact -RRB- , jump the car when the battery died . Both times , no luck even though the Wagan said it had full charge . Luckily , someone in the parking lot had jumper cables the first time . The second time though , I had to wait for a tow truck . Although , insurance covered the jump from the truck ... the $ 20 tip came out of my pocket ! Do n't buy this thing as it is junk !!!!!
 I was so impressed when I first saw this item a few years back that I ran out and bought 3 more for xmas gifts -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . I could n't wait for that first dead battery ... but it was n't something that happened too often . Then my remote start on my car started having problems and was draining my battery every 2 days . Usually after a weekend of sitting in the garage and not used , by monday morning , the interior lights were either half bright or completely dead . So I pull out my trusty powerdome ... . hook it up , and I see my interiors pop on ... Exciting . . Run to the driver side , turn the key ... `` click '' ... `` click '' ... . nothing . . no turn over . . no nothing.Give it a few minutes ... Nothing.Few more minutes ... Battery is half dead on powerdome ... still wo n't turn over.Back to normal jump ... starts right up.I had a full winter with 2 different powerdomes . . I even tried hooking them up in series but that did n't work either.I then found one of the smaller jumper cases , about half the thickness of the powerdome ... no compressor or light . Just a jumper . It was black and decker refurb but was like $ 25 . When my car died the next time , I tried this one ... `` rrrrr ... vroooom '' started right up from dead ! The cranking amps and watts were lower than the power dome spec 'd but it worked much better.The powerdome is still good for the air compressor and sockets . The compressor takes about 10-15min but does the job , even in the cold . But I 'm still in the market for a better all-in-one .
 The Power Dome Was Not Made to last ! The 1st Time I charged it I was able to jump 7 cars -LRB- it does not have the power to start a pickup -RRB- after that 5 jumps per charge . The Real Down Side To The Power Dome is the charging Cords . The Wall Charger Was Only Good For Two Charges -LRB- THE WIRES are to THIN so be careful when you are rolling it up to put it away -RRB- The Cigarette Lighter Cord Worked Once ! Why It stop working I do n't ! And Yes My Cigarette Lighter Still Works and so Does my Car Charger Phone Cord .
 Bought this as a Christmas present . First one was defective . Amazon replaced it. , no questions . -LRB- would n't recharge -RRB- Second one seemed to work , the recharge light would come on and the volt meter would show it recharged . This is n't something you use everyday so it got put away and when we went camping and tried to air up float tubes it would n't recharge . Do n't know if wagon will make it right .
 It failed when I needed it . A tire needed inflation to 110 psi ; first time using it , the fully charged battery slowed to a crawl , the compressor started smoking and quit working at 40 psi -LRB- it is rated to 300 psi -RRB- . It may be useful for something else , but not anything I want to trust it on . I ca n't even use it as an anchor .
 I had to send this back three times , at my own expense of course . It will not hold a charge and never has . JUNK , JUNK , JUNK . I bought a cheap one from Harbor Freight and it has never failed .
 Why even bother with the Battery Health Indicator ? In the GREEN ZONE it means that it 's OKAY to jump start which is DEFINITELY NOT THE CASE . This is a piece of `` emergency '' equipment that 's supposed to be RELIABLE . Now it 's just another wasted earth polluter . There will be no more Wagan products from me .
 Do n't buy this unit . It only worked for a couple weeks then quit working by no longer holding any kind of charge . Tried to return but amazon wo n't let you ship it back because of `` hazardous material '' . Your left with no recourse , just a junk unit that 's useless . I love amazon but am disappointed that they would sell a unit they would n't take back if faulty . This product should be removed from amazon . Just threw a bunch of money down the drain . Thanks Amazon .
 Not quite true . . the light works . So I bought an incredibly heavy flashlight for $ 100 . The USB charger does not work , it wo n't power an iphone , ipad , or any microUSB device -LRB- camera charger , blutooth chargers , etc -RRB- So the USB function is worthless . The AC chargers do n't work ; I 've tried numerous devices that pull less than 400W and they all die after 1-2 seconds . It wo n't even power the devices when plugged into a wall outlet . The compressor is n't powerful enough to inflate a tire fully . It did get the tire up to 25 psi which was enough for me to get the car to a proper air hose at a gas station , but I would n't rely on this if there is n't a gas station close by.caveat
 I was pleased with the unit , using the air compressor several times to inflate low tires.Then the switch stuck . Wo n't go into the ON position . Went online but have found no solution.Looks to be a solid piece of equipment , but judging from other reviews , that is not the case .
 After 3-4 weeks , this product failed to hold a charge . I am very disappointed in it . I will attempt to send it back after my replacement arrives . I did order a PowerStation PSX Multi-Purpose Vehicle Utility Jump Starter and Air Compressor from Amazon on Oct. 30 , 2012 as that is what we have been using for 2 + years and it has been very reliable . I do not know the procedures for getting a refund on that product as yet , but , I will never order another Wagan . The product is used at least once or twice every day , so I need reliability .
 well i thought this would help but it will not hold a charge and it dies after about 2 min , ... . tried to use the air compresser to blow up an airmatresss but it didnt work , ... . cant be retunred i would not recomend unless you wan na waste money
 I HAVE OWNED SEVERAL AUTO CHARGERS BEFORE THE POWER DOME AND I HAVE BEEN HAPPY WITH EACH OF THEM . THEY HAVE WORKED VERY WELL AND HAVE SAVED ME FROM A NUMBER OF BATTERY PROBLEMS . UNFORTUNATELY , THE POWER DOME HAS FAILED MISERABLY AND I WILL NOT GET ANOTHER ONE . I AM WRITING THIS REVIEW AS I SIT STRANDED AT MY OFFICE WHILE A RELATIVE COMES TO PICK ME UP . THE POWER DUMB IS NOT WORKING AND I AM DISGUSTED WITH IT . I WILL INVEST IN SOME OTHER TYPE BUT NEVER THIS ONE AGAIN !
 One of the reasons I purchased the power dome was the air compressor however after ten mintues of use the air compressor stopped working . I contacted Wagan thru the email to make them aware of my problem . They noted my email was received I am now waiting for a response . That was 2 wks . ago .
 The big unspoken with most of these portable `` do everything '' -LRB- compressor , light , jumpstart , etc. -RRB- units is that they all contain a cheap , non-deep-cycle , automotive-style , lead acid battery . For those of you who know anything about batteries , lead acid batteries do not like to be overcharged , sit unused for long period of time , or heavily discharged and recharged . Put simply , lead acid batteries are great for frequently-driven cars , but terrible for infrequently-used emergency devices which are subject to heavy discharge -LRB- there is a gross joke there somewhere -RRB- . To compound the lead acid battery problem , the chargers which Wagan provides are `` stupid chargers , '' meaning that they keep trying to charge the Power Dome battery , even if the battery is full of charge . Leave the Power Dome constantly plugged in , and you will have a dead dome in less than one year . On the other hand , leave the dome unplugged , and it self-discharge in 30 days or so and will be useless when you actually have an emergency.I bought two of these `` landfill fillers . '' Both were dead within one year -LRB- I left them constantly charging -RRB- . I replaced one battery with another lead acid P.O.S. from Wal-Fart , which also died rapidly . I now have two Wagan crap-domes in my garage , trying to decide what to do with them without further polluting our landfills.Wagan is not the only culprit here ... practically all of the `` 100,000,000,000 candlepower '' portable spotlights and other , similar emergency devices also use lead acid batteries . I have now learned to look on the packaging for the lead symbol ... if it is there , I do not buy . I urge you to do the same .
 I have 3 cars and work at home so I do n't drive them enough to keep the batteries charged all the time . Therefore I go through a lot of batteries and a lot of jumpstarter units . I bought this one because it was like an `` all in one '' unit and the price was very reasonable when I got it -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- . Since having it I put two of my vehicles in storage and I exclusively use one vehichle -LRB- PT Cruiser -RRB- which only has 10,000 miles on it . I live where it is easy to walk to almost every kind of store or business I need so it is not unusual for me to go a week at a time without starting up my Cruiser . It will occasionally not start up.This unit worked fine the first 3 times I used it . After each use I recharged it to the 15v levels . The 4th and 5th time I needed it , `` click , click , click '' . I was saved each time by AAA . I 'm writing this review now because I 'm stuck at home because the unit did n't work again tonight.The only time it now works for me is when I hook it up to the car battery , as a precaution if I have n't driven the car for at least 5 days , but before I even try to start the car the first time . I just assume their `` might '' be a problem and do n't want to use up what little energy the battery may have which would then require more energy from the lethargic 400 Watt Power Dome . I took a chance tonight that my car would start . It did n't . I hooked up the freshly charged jumpstarter . The engine tried to crank up for all of 2 seconds . That was it ! The meter still reads at 13v but my car battery wo n't start.I have only used it once as an emergency power supply , just to test it . It was a lot louder than I expected . You could hear it thoughout the entire house . Maybe that is normal , I have never used an emergency battery such as this before.The unit is compact and attractive and seems like a really `` cool '' idea . But the best I can hope for it is to use it to charge up my cell phone in a power outage . But I better see if it can even do that before I really need it.I gave it 2 stars for attractiveness and because it worked 3 times when I needed it . I can only give it one star now -LRB- and that 's because I have to ! -RRB- It still looks good . Maybe I can take a photo of it sell the photo on flickr or something . I am thinking that at least a few of the 4 and 5 star reviews on this unit are from people who have had a few good results but have n't had it long enough to see it self destruct .
 Unit looks good and makes sense but has problems :1 -RRB- The manual is unclear and says that before jumpstarting , all switches should be off . However , in fact the jump start safety switch needs to be on .2 -RRB- It had only enough power to barely turn over , let alone start , my Mazda Millennium .
 The Wagan power dome 's light weight and relative small size -LRB- car battery size -RRB- is good for an emergency jump starter and tire inflation , but it does n't serve well as an emergency power source . I hoped it could run a 1/4 hp sump pump during power failures , but it does n't have the energy output .
 Bought this , charged it and set it aside until needed . Took it out few months later , battery dead and wo n't take charge . Why bother having a `` backup '' if it dies long before you need it .
 Bad product , parts , customer service . There is nothing good about it . I am sure If you search you can find better brand better price in the market .
 I used it once right after I bought it and it was fine . I needed to use it again 3 months later and it did n't work anymore . I took it back to the store , Strauss Auto , they refused to take it back because it was more than a month . I called the importer and they said I need to mail it to them to California at my own cost . Since it 's so heavy the shipping is expensive and it also bound to happen again since it is a low-grade product .
 When I bought this unit I was just looking for something that could jump start the battery on my third car if I forgot to start it here and there . When the time came for me to try it , it was FULLY charged , and all I heard from my car was click-click-click !!! I was thoroughly disappointed ! I 've tried it again on sereval other occasions , all with the same results , `` CALL THE AUTOMOBILE CLUB ! '' If `` JUMP STARTING '' is what you 're looking for , then please do n't waste your money on this one !
 I have owned this unit for about a year . I have used the USB , Inverter , cigarette lighter socket , air pump and flashlight features . So far so good . Well , the other day , my car died and the unit failed to even turn the car over . Then I charged it overnight and again , no luck . Contacted `` tech support '' that only pointed out that this was my fault , and that I was not using the unit correctly , even though I followed the instructions completely . When I told him that the gauges and dials indicated that the unit was fully charged and connected correctly , he said the gauges were not reliable . NOT RELIABLE ! I paid almost $ 200 after shipping , and I expect it to work ! Ask yourself why this unit has gone from $ 189 to less than $ 90 within a year.Buy it and use it for the `` side functions '' but do n't rely on it to jump your car . Buy some premium jumper cables for this price !
 I dont like writing poor reviews and this is the first one I have ever written . My wife left the key on in her 2005 Stratus all night and ran down the battery . What an opertunity to show her my new Wagan power domeJump start in action . Freshly charged for 34 hrs and ready to go . Wrong!Hooked it up , Hit the starter on the Dodge and all I got was click click click click . No start . What was wrong ?? I checked it again , and again . Still nothing but clicking . The Power Dome was trying really hard but no luck . I got out my jumper cables and hooked them to my old 1994 chevy pick up and the Stratus took off Zoom Zoom , Zoom . No problem . To say the least I was shocked . The only thing I could think of was the cables on the Wagan are not strong enough to carry the load , I have read in other reviews complaints about the cable connectors . Some even have replaced them because of brakage . If any one has any sugestions what to do Im all ears . Sorry my review was not a good one .
 I bought this jumper and fully charged it for a few days . When my car was dead I tried to jump it but apparently this Jumper did n't have enough juice . I then tried my older portable jumper and that was 2/3 charge and that was able to jump my car . I think this one did n't have enough amperage for my car since it was completely dead . This probably works well for most people because their cars are n't fully drained . However if your car is totally drained I would not completely rely on it .
 I bought two , one for me and one for my daughter . Neither one had enough power to turn over the engine of a Honda Civic , even after complete charge . I then used the unit only for portable AC power and it basically burned out after a couple of hours use . Now it wo n't re-charge at all .
 This product did not live up to my expectations . The air compressor got too hot and melted internal hoses and the junpstart could not start a dead battery . I would not recommend this item .
 My Wagan Powerdome was a disappointment as it only lasted just over a year before failing to hold a charge . Wagan Inc. made it right by replacing the out-of-warranty unit if I paid to ship the old unit . This is a booster unit , do not purchase it as a power source . A power source unit is a deep-cell battery . The Wagan Powerdome is not a deep-cell battery , it is a jumper battery . Jumper batteries are n't intended to be used as a power supply . This battery wo n't recover from repeated deep discharges . When you hear the alarm sound on the inverter , STOP USING THE POWERDOME UNTIL YOU RECHARGE IT ! If you must have inverter power when the alarm sounds , attach the battery cables to a vehicle battery and turn the battery safety switch to `` on '' on the Powerdome . Otherwise , using the Powerdome after the alarm sounds will discharge the battery beyond recovery and you 'll have an 18-pound boat anchor !
 I received the item and charged it per the instructions but the meter indicated it was not charged . So i tried the item and it seems to work and if I tap the charge meter it begins to register . I contacted Wagan and they informed me that I should contact the place where the item was purchased . I have not as yet contacted Amozon but I am not happy about the item not registering properly .
 I Balwant O.S.Bhagwandin , is very much unsatified with the product that . I have purchased from Amazon . This Wagan power dome is a big failure and it is not what has been advertised . Here I am in Guyana in South America wondering what shall I do with this useless Wagan 400 . I charged it as recomended and I had intended to use it to power one destop computer . Upon testing the A.C power outlet , there was a high voltage across the earth and live terminals . It was approximately 230 volts and this is dangerous for my computer . I persevered and plugged in my computer and found that it gave me a warning saying that my computer will be at risk . I unplugged my computer and was ashamed to look at my secretary to whom I boasted about the wagan . I decided to then use it to charge a car battery from the same A.C power source using a slow 3amps charger . In less than half an hour I heard a beep which indicated to me that the dome was dying.This was a further embarassment to me . The batteries in this equipment can not serve in that capacity.The manufacturer must change the design and remove all this product from the market and save themselves from future embarassment . My wagan 400 is now one without wheels . At this end , it costed me 200 U.S dollars .
 This will run a fan - good for power outage in hot weather . It will also run a 3-bulb ceiling fixture - but little else.it can NOT even power a TOASTER ! Nor microwave . Not even the smallest space-heater . it MIGHT run a sump-pump -LRB- the reason I bought it -RRB- - have not had the opportunity to try that.I am VERY disappointed - uses are limited
 I loved this little machine . I kept it in my car to inflate my tires , charge things and jump my car . I must have left the jumper switch on because it discharged the entire battery , so now I cant use it unless I buy another one , or a new battery for the generator . Its under warranty but i live in the Virgin Islands and to ship it back would probably cost more than the generator .
 Yeah , I bought one to prepare for certain auto emergencies . WRONG ! First , the jumper cables did not work - period . Maybe there was a disconnect inside the case , which can not be opened . So what ? The air compressor should make keeping it worthwhile . WRONG ! The compressor began smoking heavily after 4 uses and subsequently quit . Thought about returning it but postage -LRB- it 's pretty heavy -RRB- and iffy customer service discouraged me . It was finally donated to a thrift store .
 I own a previous version of this jump starter . My was made by UST and not Wagan . The exterior is identical to my unit so I assume it is made by the same manufacturer . I normally recharge it every two months even if I have not used it to maintain a full charge for when I need to jump start a car . I forgot to charge it for about 5 months and the unit is completely dead . I have try to charge it but when you press the battery status button , you can see the voltage just keep dropping . I have try to recharge it several times and I think the battery is completely dead . The charger adapter is also dead . I measure the output voltage and it measures a little over 3 volts . I take special care of my adapters so I do not damage the wires . This unit was only used several times to add air to several tires . It has not been used to jump start . Overall very bad quality.I also have a Vector unit which is now Black and Decker and it also was not charged for 5 months . This unit still had two red lights which indicate it was in good condition . I recharge it for several hours and it came back with full power . I also own Jump and Carry JNC660 jump starter . This is a professional unit with 1700 peak amps . It can hold a charge for months and still show plenty of power . This unit is the best but expensive -LRB- $ 130 -RRB- . This unit can jump start big engines and completely dead batteries.One other general comment for those people out there assessing which jump starter to buy . These lower cost , lower peak amp starters are only good for cars that has a weak battery -LRB- i.e. as engine is slow to crank over -RRB- . If your battery is dead where the engine can not even slowly crank over , these starter will not have enough power to start your car so do not blame the jump starter as low quality . I see such comments in other reviews . For a completely dead battery , you need a more powerful jump starter such as JNC660 . I have the same problem with my Vector starter which has only 300 peak amps . It also would not start a completely dead battery . That was the reason I bought the JNC660 and carry it in which ever car we own that has the oldest battery . I need to buy another jump starter -LRB- I keep one in each car -RRB- and am thinking of buying JNC300XL which claims to have 900 peak amp and is about half the price of JNC660 . The reviews seem very good and is made by the same company .
 Product
 I have had this power dome for a year now , and I tried thrice to jump start my small car , and it never worked . All that this device is to me is an heavy air pump and flash light -LRB- torch -RRB- . Eventually I traded in my beloved vehicle , but I only wish that I could trade in this piece-of-crap for something better or at least get my money back .
 I bought this product one year ago . Did not use until recently . It did not charge and whatever power was left was not enough to fill my bycicle tires . Tried to charge again for two days
 this looked so cool all in one but it sucked the fan went out the first week i owed it and the jumper cable could not jump a car if it want to ... not a good tool ... bad bad bad
 I bought this unit in September of 2009 and it came in a factory sealed box but missing its AC charger . I keep it charged with DC charger but recently had the alternator in my car fail and with a nearly full charge on the Power Dome I could not get it to jump start my car . When I contacted the company to let them know I never received an AC adapter they told me I would have to buy one . `` If I had reported it in the first 30 days they would have replaced it . '' This type of company support shows that they do n't stand behind their product . It 's only $ 5 plus shipping but why would I spend more money on something that has continually failed me ? The few times I used the AC ports the Power Dome drained more quickly then I expected . The only thing that seems to work well is the air pump . I had a similar unit minus the AC and USB ports that I used many times over a 5 year period to start a number of vehicles and it never failed until the battery was old and did not hold a full charge but this one has never come through when I needed it , except to fill tires . I bought it to start my vehicles when their batteries are weak and hoped the other features would be a bonus but the entire unit is worthless .
 I fully charged this thing per instructions when I first opened it . After a couple of uses , it no longer reaches a full charge . No matter how long I keep it plugged into the wall , it goes up to about 25 % and stays there . So now it lacks the power to jump a vehicle and can really only be used to inflate two tires or keep a radio on for a couple of hours .
 I bought this item about 14 months ago.I am constantly in remote areas in the winter so I thought this would be a good idea.Well I was wrong I used it twice to put some air in my tires and it now does n't charge on either mode of charging.I am glad I did not depend on this piece of crap to help me in the winter or I would still be stuck.I would never buy an item made by this so called tech company again.I wish I could give no stars .
 This thing is junk ! Will not hold a charge for more than an hour . I full charged this thing , went to jump my truck and NO CHARGE ! I 've charged it over night and it still will not hold a charge . Anyone looking to buy this , my advice , save your money ! JUNK , JUNK , JUNK !
 I 'm surprised people are still buying this product . I bought my unit about two years ago . Was able to start my weak car battery about 7 times . However , when I plugged it into an electric main to recharge it , it never got charged . The red light never changed to green to confirm that it has recharged . I wish I had read reviews on this product before I bought it .
 The best price I could find , in my city the lock set was about $ 70.00 and to try to buy each piece individually was close to 75.00 . This was a great deal and free shipping to boot . I recieved the package in about four days.The only locking system to have if you own a Uility Trailer .
 Two of the three components -LRB- locks -RRB- would not work in my applocation . The hitch receiver Lock was too short and the hitch losk -LRB- for trailer hich lock lever -RRB- was also too short . Could not use two out of three components .
 Well this looks like a great idea ... however . . it does NOT fit all trailers or coupler latches . -LRB- We have a Reese which it states it fits -RRB- The coupler lock -LRB- for the ball -RRB- was way toooo small for my trailer ball ... says its fits a 2 5/16 ball ... there is not way ! The coupler latch lock did not fit at all . It was too large on the ends to fit snuggly . -LRB- hit up against the trailer tonge hitch sides -RRB- It could have been cut off in seconds ! Did not even try the hitch lock ... why spend all this money for only one piece that works . I had to send it back . We are still looking for that perfect keyed alike trailer coupler and hitch set . The search continues ...
 The pin of the receiver lock is not long enough . It 's about 1/4 '' short . Th4 , this receiver lock is useless for me .
 I honestly did n't even want to give it the one star . Piece of garbage . The ball broke right off the base while I was putting it on . Bought it as a replacement for my Mazda OEM mirror , which had started to delaminate . Off to the Mazda dealer I go .
 Everything in this kit will fit your Yamaha F-150 , BUT THE IMPELLER . Bought this aftermarket kit for $ 49.06 here on Amazon and during the replacement found that the impeller did not fit properly -LRB- brass hub instead of rubber . So repacked the kit and returned for refund to Amazon -LRB- they are really great about returns -RRB- but had to go to the local boat supplier and purchase the OEM kit for $ 64 not including gas and time to get there.I did find however that these OEM kits can be found on Ebay for $ 42 which includes shipping , on the other hand Amazon had it for $ 57.45 , but with a $ 5.99 shipping cost you will be out $ 63.44 .
 I bought this item a while ago for my Ford Ranger . When I first tried to install , the plastic bolts broke on me . I bought stainless steel bolts from a local hardware store and installed it . The handle lasted a good 6 months before the whole assembly finally broke down . I live in Hawai'i so it 's not like we have extreme weather here . The part was inexpensive and the company did offer to replace the handle when I emailed about the broken bolts . I would have replaced it but I put truck liner and did n't feel like peeling it away to get to the handle .
 As of Aug. 2012 , the Amazon site showed this as compatible with a 2008 Subaru Impreza Outback Sport -LRB- 2.5 L SOHC , normally aspirated -RRB- . It DOES NOT fit . Amazon 's customer service is sending the correct filter -LRB- WIX 46914 -RRB- , and has said that they will correct the compatibility listing for this item . In the meantime , I 'm adding this comment in the hopes that others avoid ordering the wrong part.Quick double check
 This item is being advertised as a `` Billet Aluminum Grill '' . It is not the complete grill as the ad would lead you to believe . It is actually a grill `` Insert '' that fits inside the orginal grill frame . This review is for item # 40332 shown in the automotive section under grills and grill guards .
 I 'm not sure as to why , but the sensor only has a 6 '' wiring harness . the problem is that it needs at LEAST an 18 '' to get to the adapter for the Upstream in this particular truck model . Went and picked 1 up locally and the harness was correct . Even if I was sent the downstrean sensor , the harness is too short . I do n't understand ...
 Made sure i chose right product and manufacturer for proper fitment but product failed 24 days after installation.Very frustrating.Would not recommend .
 The site said this was as good as OEM for my Dodge Grand Caravan . Everything about it was fine except the wires are definitely at least a foot too short.Don ' t buy unless you do n't mind splicing the wires , which is what I did . Fortunately I had crimps so it only added twenty to thirty minutes to the project , otherwise it would 've meant a trip to the store .
 If you are looking for a lock to safely protect your bike , I would n't recommend the Saris Locking 8-Foot Cable . My bike was stolen off my hitch rack . I was using this lock . The thief cut right through it ... clean cut and got away with my triathlon bike .
 Made Kia Rio run horrible . Ordered and installed one made by NTK , I believe to be the OEM supplier and that solved the problem .
 The lights were relatively easy to install and worked perfectly for all of 3 weeks . After trying to get the replacement bulb replaced under the 1 yr warranty that we were told came with it , we came up totally empty . The manufacturer no longer makes these lights and therefore can not offer a warranty on them . The retailer offered a 30 day warranty which didnt help since we installed them after Christmas . WHAT A BUST !
 Absolutely terrible . I replace my many-years old rear wiper blade ; and it worked better than the Bosch Hindsight Rear Wiper did out of the box . The Hindsight smears like crazy for the first 20 -LRB- ish -RRB- wipes . I 've cleaned it , etc. , and it is n't a long term solution . It seems like the blade quickly develop a film -LRB- as in weeks -RRB- and it needs to be wiped off before it will work properly again .
 I agree with the other disappointed reviews here -- this is a poor blade that smears badly . I got this for our Subaru Outback , and the best I can say is that it eventually works if you 're patient ... and not too concerned with visibility out the rear window.I 'm disappointed at such poor performance when new . At least it ca n't get much worse , right?I 'm used to Bosch products being well made and long-lasting , but maybe they should stick to power tools and get out of the wiper business . This is just an embarrassingly poor quality blade .
 We have Bosch Evolution series wipers for the front , and they are absolutely wonderful . These , not so much . I give it two stars instead of one only because we 've never had good luck finding good blades for the rear , and I 'm wondering if it could be the window itself . That said , these are worse than most of the others we 've tried . There have to be better ones out there .
 The Sensor i have request is the same as the picture , but the one they send to me is a different one . -LRB- will not fit on my car -RRB- .
 The blade did not fit the Toyota 4Runner that I ordered it for . It was also shorter than 11 inches long .
 Unlike the original wiper or the replacement purchased from my local dealer for my Infiniti SUV this wiper only touches my window over 80 % of its length leaving the last two inches -LRB- the outside of the arc -RRB- not wiped at all . It actually makes a big difference in terms of visibility .
 I bought this as a replacement for my 89 civic hatchback passenger side mirror . I knew it was n't going to be OEM quality , but I expected something a little better . I suggest getting OEM if you can afford to . The `` manual '' remote stick portion that you use to adjust the mirror did n't work properly . I had to drill out extra material around the knob to make it function correctly . If you absolutely have to have a mirror to pass an inspection and want to save every penny you can , then this one will work . I just do n't suggest it to any who hope to retain factory fitment .
 I ordered a set of Auto ventshade in Sept. 2009 but never received the product . In fact , I forgot about it until I received the invitation email for reviewing the product!What has happened to my order?Please send the product so that I can review.Thanks
 When you select 2004 330CI BMW this is the part that comes up . They are 300mm in diameter . My 2004 330 CI has 330mm rotors . You can confirm the rotor size with the wheel still on the car . Though it was inconvenient the Amazon return process was as easy as could be .
 This is just a photocopied binder . It looks like something an 8 year old kid would make if they were given a stack of papers and a copier . You 'd be better off finding one of the free versions online and printing out your own version . It 'd be cheaper and you 'd end up with a higher quality product . I would avoid this even for something you keep in your garage and touch with greasy hands . It really was just disappointing .
 The picture of the wolf fang decal was pretty awesome . Imagine my surprise when what arrived looked nothing like the picture and was very disappointing . Would not recommend this one .
 i ordered this it took like a month to get to me when it finally did reach i got the wrong thing i ordered a gray wolf in stead i got a black one this sucks balls !!!!!!!!!!!! now the black cant work on what i wanted it to id like a refund !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This started out as a great idea . The remote worked really well for several months . About 6 months in , I noticed that it was having a hard time unlocking the car . I changed the battery , and it seemed to work better for a couple of weeks . Now , 10 months after buying this , it wo n't unlock the car and will only rarely open the trunk , though it still locks it just fine.While at the auto parts store the other day , I tested it on their tester . It appears that it 's not sending RF signals on the non-functioning channels . I have no idea how that could happen , but I 'm quite disappointed in the remote now . Nothing more than a keychain , almost.I 'm planning to see what the distributor will tell me . If they make well , I 'll update this .
 YES , PRODUCT IS SOFT.HANDLE IS LONG AND MOP PICKS A LOT OF DUST BUT ALSO LEAVES A LOT OF MICROFIBER WHILE YOU ARE DUSTING.SO I WASHED IT BEFORE USE AND PROBLEM IS SOLVED , BUT NOW I CA N'T CHANGE THE STARS.IT DESERVES 4 .
 The Amazon description says : `` Installs with 3M adhesive foam tape Reduces heat build-up in the vehicle No drill installation provides a secure and snug fit dark smoke gray acrylic `` What you get are cheap , metal vent shades that you have to screw in to install .
 Not really worth it . They went in OK and looked good but they were a little dim compared to clear/amber bulbs . One burned out after a month or so , so now stuck with just one . Took it out and put in clear/amber bulbs . Try LEDs , that is what I am going to do . Even is they do n't look good at least I do n't have to worry about them burning out .
 It took a while to get the appropriate info on the compatibility for these rotors for my Honda . Amazon 's website said they fit , it took a while for amazon CS to say they fit with semi-metallic pads and when I went to install them , they turned out to be too big compared with the OEM specifications . I have a Honda Accord LX 4D 4 cylinder , SULEV and these do not fit . They are about 1 inch to big . The good news is that Amazon is willing to take them back . Their CS support and integrity is why I keep shoping amazon !
 I have bought several of these over the past 6 months and have yet to get the right mirror . . You will get a CIPA 27093 Buick Pontiac sedan OE Style Power Driver Mirror in a cipa 27326 box . . I keep buying these and amazon keeps paying to send them back without ever fixing the problem .
 i bought this knob for $ 50 total ... well i thought it was gon na atleast be good quality ... buttttttttttt it came with cheap plastic adapters and the knob was never tight it would spin on my shifter easily and would sometimes fall off ... went to walmart got a $ 15 knob and it works better than this thing . . dont waste your time on it . . you will not like it .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 It worked when I put it in and a week later a friend who was following me told me it was not working . I checked the `` Jeep wiring harness '' and it checks out just fine . I already threw away the shipping box , so I guess I 'll just eat the cost and order another one .
 The fuel tank came in a badly conditioned carton box . I opened it and the fuel tank was n't even plastic wrapped or bubble wrapped . There were no extra padding in the box to prevent the fuel tank from being damaged during shipment . The condition of the tank was badly scratched and dented . This did not feel like a new item at all . This is the most awful purchase I have ever made in Amazon . This is suppose to be brand new and now I may have to spend extra money to fix the dents on the side of the tank where it could possibly leak . This is inexcusable . My current fuel tank is old and it leaks . So now I get a new tank that looks like it will leak even more bcuz of how bad the condition is of this new tank . Spectra needs to address their Quality Assurance department . This is just awful and I 've already been told by others that I should have purchased a Dorman brand .
 Product is very good but do not buy from amazon they do not reinforce packageand product breaks
 I purchased one of the 60 '' led light bars , the first one had a section of the lights not working the first time i plugged it in . The dealer replaced it the next day . The second one also has developed the same problem . Loose connections , a 6 '' section flickers on and off .
 First time using cover it tore because of the material being thin . Would recommend going with a better brand .
 I have only had this cover for 10 months and the top layer is already deteriating from the sun . When I take the cover off of my jeep , it is coverd with the top layer of fabric . The good thing is that it fits nicely.Not worth the money .
 This cover does indeed fit Jeep TJ Wrangler models . It 's pretty easy to get on and off.That 's the main problem . Even with the security cable attached and strapped down tightly , this cover blows off the car too easily.This cover has spent more time off my Jeep than on it due to the fact that even slight winds can blow the cover off . I do n't live in a particular windy area.As for functionality as a cover , it seems to be good at keeping the elements out , when it 's still on the car that is .
 I would not buy this item again . I found it good for one year . But it was thin and felt frail . Sure enough maybe 7 months into using it I put a hole in it wih my fingers just pulling it over my Jeep . Not tugging on it mind you , just pulling it over the jeep . It was in the area of the front bumper and I could live with it so I continued to use it . Not long after I put a hole in the back just the same way . I kept using it . Then right around the 1 year mark the white underside started to shed . And I mean shed . Thousands of little white fuzzies enveloped my car anytime I was forced to use the cover . I mean thousands ! Then as you took it off you would be covered yourself , as they would float around you . Why did I use it still ? Well it was only a couple of times and with the top down in inclement weather sometimes I did n't have a choice , but it was only the lesser of two evils as the interior of my car would then be covered in little white fuzzies . For this reason , and not even the fraility I will not be buying this again and I can not suggest that anyone else does either . Pay a little more and hope for something better .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I 've had bad luck with these reman window regulators . I 've ordered two , and each arrived with a different problem - one malfunctioned 100 % of the time ; the other worked perfectly , then ceased to function altogether after about a week . I 'm going to try buying from another distributor , but I have have to go ahead and buy a brand new one .
 I do not recommend this product ! After ignoring previous reviews on amazon , I went ahead and ordered my window motor ... what a mistake ! For starters , after recieving my motor I took apart my door panel so that I could install it , only to find out that I was sent the passenger side motor instead of the driver side motor that I needed . After a quick and worthless convo with a amazon rep I decided to have another motor sent via overnight deliver . The next motor worked like a charm ... . For a week ! After taking apart my door panel for the third time , it turns out that this window motor fell apart . There was a metal cover by the reset botton that fell off and a plastic gear inside fell out . If you own a 350z and have the window problem like many of us , I would strongly recommend spending the extra money and buying the window motor at the dealership . I have learned my lesson in buying remanufactured parts and buying from amazon as this is not the first time I had problems with thier vendors .
 This reman part has lasted only 11 months . That 's not good enough for me . My G35 coupe is 6 years old with 60K and now I 'm on my third window lift motor . Why is it a US car can have a window lift that lasts 80-100K and Nissan ca n't ? So I 'm looking for another part manufacturer .
 My cardone replacement died after 3 years . I purchased it from amazon.I went to oreilly and purchased another one as they offer a lifetime warranty for the same part . Considering my experience and that of others I would really recommend getting a warranty . You will need it!The unit from there appeared to be a brand new aftermarket replacement , perhaps it is the `` cardone select '' version . I hope it lasts as this is an annoying and expensive issue .
 This is the second Cardone window motor I 've owned , and it 's already dead . I kept being a cheapskate and getting this instead of the Nissan OEM ones , and I 'm paying for it now.These things have a effective life of 3 months tops . If you buy this , do n't expect it to last long .
 This is my 4th replacement because they have a limited lifetime warranty and none has lasted more then a few months , buy this replacement motor if you enjoy taking your door apart every few weeks to replace it again , I returned and went with genuine nissan part . Never Again
 Purchased this item and it lasted 14 months . Time to get a new one and I will be looking elsewhere .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 This air filter does not fit on a 2004 Jeep Cherokee Overland model with the 4.7 L V-8 High Output engine.The description indicates an N engine code , which I did not notice , nor know where to locate on vehicle.I had to return it for credit .
 I bought two tailgate cables from this company on two different occations . Both were for the exact same vehicle and both were different lengths -LRB- by at least 2 inches -RRB- . I would not recommend this company .
 This item states its a kit when in reality its only one side of the kit , you must purchase two of these , when I returned the item for my refund they told me it would n't take more then 30 days to receive it , so far its been 27days and still no refund , I am highly upset I do n't think I will ever purchase from Amazon.com again . Buyers beware .
 I can not believe it had so many good reviews . This product can not remove stains at all . : -LRB-
 In the product picture , it showed the digital printer.That made this a good value . I bought and when the product arrived , no printer . I complained and they said I could return it for a refund . I ordered online because I do n't have time for all the shopping drama . Returning would require more of my time.Bottom line , this product three weeks later still shows the printer in the add and if you do n't see the fine print you will be ripped-off just like me .
 Hi , do not put zero stars because there is no such rating so I put a star , I 've always bought piaa bulbs , and do not last long , burn , besides talking about this light is not white , it gives a clear amber light , my desepcion was pretty big when I saw them on , I did not like and I lost my money , not recommended if you want white light.Thnak you
 This impact arrived and was broken in two pieces and covered in oil.Had a nicely rusted set of four sockets too -LRB- did n't care , I have plenty of sockets -RRB- but the broken in two I was n't happy about . I gave this two stars because the seller quickly and easily sent a new gun.Even then performance was poor , very short battery life , ca n't even change one tire before needing four hour charge.Friend was there with a tiny little Dewalt 12v impact DRILL and it seemed stronger and finished the job .
 I bought this impact tool and was really impressed with the weight and apparent well built appearance . Well , I charged the batteryfor two days and put the tool in the case and in my truck . As luck would have it when I went down to the ranch the ranch truck hada flat tire . I jacked up the truck and pulled out my handy impact tool and PFFFFFFFFFT . The battery was DEAD . I mean the tool wouldnot even turn the socket if I held it . I charged the battery again , for two days , and PFFFFFFFFFFFTT . I have a supposedly good toolbut the battery wo n't hold a charge more than a couple of days and then PFFFFFFFTT . PFFFFFFFFT translated means & & ^ % $ $ & * & % $ # $ $ .
 I went through a lot of effort to replace this part . Its a real pain . If you 've done it , you know what I 'm talking about . Anyway , I ordered this part and put it in and it worked for a week before it broke so I got the opportunity to do it again . This time , I went to Ford and got an OEM replacement and it was night and day difference in how they were made . The Ford OEM has been in for close to a year without a problem . YMMV .
 Although I called the local Ford dealer and got the correct factory part number , then cross-requested the equivalent after-market part , it did not fit my car . I ended up paying more through the mechanic but at least he got me the right part and got my heat fixed .
 Wrong part for my auto the description said it was for my auto when i did a search for it
 This product is lousy . Wax is cheap and the pads are a waste of time . They rip immediately . Very disappointing .
 Battery clamp broke in only 4 days . The clamps were plastic and one snapped , probably due to the spring tension of the clamps . Vector suggested I ship it back to them -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and they would send me a new unit . I suggested they have their Chinese suppliers design a more durable battery clamp.Otherwise , the VEC1093 charger appears to be as advertised and does a good job . I would buy another if they ever redesigned the battery clamps .
 Bought this unit new instead of reconditioned . Used it appx . 5 times and it broke . -LRB- had it for 5 mo. -RRB- The shipping is appx 14.00 everytime it is sent back for repair . They sent me a reconditioned one back and it did n't work . These do not appear to be of very good quality chargers . I ordered a schumacher 1275A-PE to replace it . If you get one of these then good luck to you ...
 These vector `` smart '' units are useless . I 've had one for 3 yrs now and not ONCE has it charged a battery . I took the initial unit back since all it did was give me `` fault errors '' . Got the new unit , went to use it a month later , same fault error `` F03 Open Cell '' telling me the battery needed replaced . I have tried to use this garbage unit on at least TEN separate occasions the past couple of years ... F03 fault errors every time ! Funny thing is , my buddies old `` not smart '' Schumacher charged the batteries right up . Reading some reviews , i noticed someone figured out these units wont charge a battery if it is under 4 volts . WTH ? A battery charger that wont charge dead batteries ??? Save yourself the headache , avoid this company at all costs . .
 On 1/16/09 the temp here in Indiana dropped to 8 below zero . My diesel truck did not start and the 2 batteries were run down trying to get the engine to start . I brought my VEC1093 out from the garage -LRB- it was about 45 degrees in the garage -RRB- and attemped to charge the batteries . It has always functioned fine in warmer weather , but alas when I needed it the most it malfunctioned . It kept reporting that the battery was fully charged after 5 min . I wish it was . The 100 Amp booster did not work either . I had to get my 17 year old 20 amp Schauer and it charged the batteries enough to start the engine after 1 hour . The Vector functioned fine after it was warmed . What good is a battery charger that does n't work when cold ??
 Being a licensed electrician I was interested in this unit and I purchased the VEC1093D . The advertising does not tell you that this charger will not charge batteries that have less than 4 volts left . In other words you are purchasing a battery charger that will not charge a dead battery ! If the battery was n't dead why would one need a charger ? It would not charge a brand new car battery that become fully discharged . I had to jump the car and let the alternator charge the battery . Some smart charger . You can turn it on and it will charge for awhile and walk away thinking it is charging and find a fault code and the battery still dead when you return . Sometimes it will give a different fault code on the same battery each time it is turned on . The labels on the front started curling off within a week . This `` smart charger '' is a waste of time and money . Get an old fashioned charger with a knob or switch on the front - they work every time .
 I bought the 2/6/12 amp product at a local but national parts store chain thinking it was going to be a good one.But it will not charge a battery that is dead and is still good . Sometimes the battery is new but not in use for a few month on one of my collector cars and needs the charge . Also the clamps are crap and break . The spring in the clamp is too strong for the plastic housing and they break in half at the clamping point.No support from where I bought it either . They do n't carry the product anymore ...
 I finally through mine in the garbage today and decided to tell everyone about it . It is Junk , The clamps broke but worse is if your battery is completely dead it will not charge . Why would someone make a charger that would will not charge a dead battery . Junk !!!! Rippoff
 I bought this charger based solely on the advertisement ... Big mistake ... Had it a very short time and both the clamps broke . I called the manufacture and they said to send it back and they would replace the clamps . Shipping cost would be my responsibility of course . They told me they will replace the clamps with the same cheap ones the broke when I had it . As far as I am concerned , customer service on this charger stinks . I would not recommend anyone buy this charger if dependability is a requirement .
 Upon receiving this charger I though it would prove to be quality product . Unfortunately not the case.I have had this charger for a year . All of the labeling has come off the unit . The lableling is barley better than a soup can . The worst thing is that both of the clamps broke at different times.Called Vector and they said to send the unit back to them . I asked if i could just send the broken clamp back for a new one , the girl on the phone said no . If I changed them myself it would void the warrenty . Bogus ! Pay $ 15.00 to send the unit back for a broken clamp.Very poor customer care policies on such an expensive charger.The charger is still charging but would not spend the additional $ $ $ it costs for this unit . There are many other 3 stage chargers that would perform equally or better.I have yet to get the 100 amp quick start to work.Hope this is helpful
 This battery charger is much better than a standard manual charger in so much as it properly charges a battery through stages . It will not charge a battery that is `` dead '' without faulting . Best to give your battery a boost from a manual charger , then switch over to the Smart charger . The battery clamps are very poorly made and will easily break . Replacement parts are not available through the manufacturer .
 I purchased a model VEC1093 at Sears three years ago and have been very happy with the unit . It performed as advertised until the negative terminal clamp broke a couple of months ago.I have read other reviews that say that the unit will be repaired if the purchaser pays for shipping . I would like to inform all that that option appears no longer available.I began by calling Vector at 800.618.5178 they said I could send it to any Black & Decker -LRB- Dewalt -RRB- service center for repairs . Called the nearest Dewalt service center and they informed me that NO parts are available for my $ 1 part on my $ 100 + charger . I spent two days following this vicious circle and finally called Noble Direct . They are the company that currently sells this product on Amazon.The person I spoke with two days ago said they would attempt to help me . Today I called them back to find that NO parts are available for the Vector charger.Great product but with NO support it is worthless so I recommend that you avoid this product and all other Black & Decker items !
 This review is for the 2/10/20 Amp version , but my guess is that the technology is the same.Everything I read on this charger told me it was the best I could get -LRB- reviews , the user manual , the product description , etc. -RRB- However , they -LRB- I bought two -RRB- simply would not consistently shut off when done charging my deep cycle marine batteries.I have fairly large batteries -LRB- one series 27 and two series 29 -RRB- and am not sure if that has something to do with it . They get stuck at about 3.2 amps and do n't shut off ; one night I went to bed and one battery was at 3.2 amps and the next morning it was at 5 amps and the battery was hot and boiling over -LRB- not so SMART ! -RRB- . The other battery had been fully charged and the charger shut off . I switched chargers and batteries around and could not find one charger or one battery that it consistently happened on , so it can only be the charger 's design . Yes , my batteries are fairly new and I maintain the water level religiously.Beware if you have bigger marine batteries ... the first few times you try any of the Vectors make sure you are home and can check on them now and then to make sure the charger shuts off !
 Ground clamp broke ... only matter of time before the other one breaks as they are both made out of PLASTIC . I plan on replacing both myself and if/when the charging portion does not work as it should , it is going in the garbage and I will never buy another Vector product again . Customer service is horrible . Save your money -- there are better chargers available for same or less $ $ $ .
 I found the charger did not work when I really needed it . My car battery was totally dead after several days with the dome light on -LRB- did n't know at the time -RRB- . When the charger was connected to the battery , the charger would not start charging and would display an error that it was not connected to the battery . The owner 's manual confirmed that the battery charger will not work if the battery has less than 4 volts in it . For me , this is unacceptable . There should some sort of override on this .
 The description needs to be updated - this has a flat black front for painting which looks silly if you are n't going to paint it , and looks really silly when you have a black -LRB- textured -RRB- mirror on the other side . Maybe I should have figured that out from the picture , but a clear statement that it is not the textured black would make sense . I bought my truck with a broken mirror , so when I put this on I had no idea how much it should vibrate . It was unusable . The mirror shook a lot . I returned it . I had a new glass put into the original body and it shakes too , though not as much . Maybe I need better shocks to dampen vibrations more ? Either way it shakes noticeably more than the OEM mirror .
 The box and printed manual for this charger say it is `` safe for all lead acid batteries including flooded , gel and AGM . '' But when I set it to charge at 10 amps , the output voltage was 14.9-14 .9 volts . This far exceeds the max voltage for every 12volt gel I have seen . A label on my batteries says the max charging voltage `` should not exceed ... 14.2 volts '' . A call to Vector led to their claim `` we can not match every gel battery out there '' . But on my query they acknowledged they do make more expensive chargers which have a battery type selector switch , w/gel one choice . When I pointed out that obviously they knew some , if not most or all , gel batteries need special settings since their more expensive chargers have a switch for them , and asked , `` So how can you claim on your box and in your manual that the 1092 is safe for _ ALL _ lead-acid batteries including gels ? '' I heard only silence . '' _ All _ is a pretty inclusive term you know '' I added . More silence . After another 20 seconds of silence I hung up.Bottom line
 This review is for the 2/10/20 Amp version , but my guess is that the technology is the same.Everything I read on this charger told me it was the best I could get -LRB- reviews , the user manual , the product description , etc. -RRB- However , they -LRB- I bought two -RRB- simply would not consistently shut off when done charging my deep cycle marine batteries.I have fairly large batteries -LRB- one series 27 and two series 29 -RRB- and am not sure if that has something to do with it . They get stuck at about 3.2 amps and do n't shut off ; one night I went to bed and one battery was at 3.2 amps and the next morning it was at 5 amps and the battery was hot and boiling over -LRB- not so SMART ! -RRB- . The other battery had been fully charged and the charger shut off . I switched chargers and batteries around and could not find one charger or one battery that it consistently happened on , so it can only be the charger 's design . Yes , my batteries are fairly new and I maintain the water level religiously.Beware if you have bigger marine batteries ... the first few times you try any of the Vectors make sure you are home and can check on them now and then to make sure the charger shuts off !
 This unit will charge deep cycle marine batteries and auto batteries -LRB- Wet Cell only -RRB- . I would not use this on AGM or Gel batteries.Within a year both alligator clips broke under normal use on standard battery terminals . Not good . They told me I had to send the entire unit back both times . Instead of just sending me a new termnal , the girl said that would void the warrenty.Let see , top dollar for the charger itself . 2 UPs shipping charges waiting for the unit to be repaired two times ... I 'd look elsewhere before buying this unit again.I hope this is helpful.D.H .
 This was very tempermental , often giving an error message that something is wrong with the battery . I tried it on the same battery yesterday , and got three different messages in 3 consecutive tries . Saying battery was full , then a bad cell , and finally not connected . I tried it on 2 other cars which were both less than 3 years old , and both had `` bad '' batteries . I never did get my battery charged . There has to be better choices .
 This review is for the 2/10/20 Amp version , but my guess is that the technology is the same.Everything I read on this charger told me it was the best I could get -LRB- reviews , the user manual , the product description , etc. -RRB- However , they -LRB- I bought two -RRB- simply would not consistently shut off when done charging my deep cycle marine batteries.I have fairly large batteries -LRB- one series 27 and two series 29 -RRB- and am not sure if that has something to do with it . They get stuck at about 3.2 amps and do n't shut off ; one night I went to bed and one battery was at 3.2 amps and the next morning it was at 5 amps and the battery was hot and boiling over -LRB- not so SMART ! -RRB- . The other battery had been fully charged and the charger shut off . I switched chargers and batteries around and could not find one charger or one battery that it consistently happened on , so it can only be the charger 's design . Yes , my batteries are fairly new and I maintain the water level religiously.Beware if you have bigger marine batteries ... the first few times you try any of the Vectors make sure you are home and can check on them now and then to make sure the charger shuts off !
 CHarger died after a few batteries were charged.Maybe I just got a lemon from the factory . Dunno . Did everythingaccording to the book , and the POS died on me .
 I had to return this charger only after 15 minutes of use . Not sure what went wrong with the charger . But after using it for 15 minutes it shut off and never turned on again . I do n't know if it suffers in the heat of Los Angeles . The replacement they sent me went out in the same amount of time . I tried the two chargers on two different batteries and two different outlets . I wanted to make sure it was n't the battery or the outlets causing the outage . It did not matter . It felt like both chargers overheated and burned out only after 15 minutes of use .
 I bought this as a last resort because I never minded just using my key . However , my key no longer works as the door lock is falling apart from the inside . I have to get into my car through the passenger door , which is especially a pain when it 's raining outside -LRB- which is often , since it 's summer in Florida . -RRB- I purchased this and received it within 4 business days . The instructions that came with it , though , are n't programming it . I have yet to go to Honda to see if they can take care of it . ** EDIT ** I went to Honda and asked them to program it . I WAS SOLD THE WRONG KEY FOB and ended up buying one for $ 80 at the dealer to make sure I got the right one and it was programmed successfully .
 This did not fix my 1990 geo prizm . It did not fix on the fuel rail or even plug in to the injector harness .
 I 'd give it 5 stars but it cost too much and the leather should be thikcer for the price . ! It should be thicker for the amount of $ $ it cost . You have to keep in mind these days that this item can be easily stolen if you do n't have an alarm or other devices to stop thieves . Bottom lIne is you want to keep yours $ 1000 Winch Covered and protected as much as possible.Update!It 's still in the original package after 2 weeks . I bought a Noah car cover . I suppose in the Spring when I take my Jeep out and about , I 'll put it on my Warner Winch .
 Bought it new and it never worked . I thought the first time I tried it the battery was bad . I put it up , took it out several months later , does n't work . Keeps going to `` reverse polarity '' light , but it is hooked up correctly . Piece of junk .
 this mirror is crap - screw stud pulled right out of mirror when tightening ! also , mirror was poorly glued on the plate . Also , had 4 mirrir rucker point instead of 3 so I could not use the top ofthe mirror . Only option for just one mirrir I could find though . Chrome one is slightly better .
 DO NOT BUY ! Bolts will snap like a pretzel ! I was tightening the driver side mirror when the bolt snapped right off . I was n't gorilla gripping it or anything . I was simply just repositioning them so I could ride with the doors off . This was only the third time that I had removed them and I have had these mirrors about 5 months .
 i received this in a padded vanilla envelope and the box shown in the picture was flattened and the first time i went to use the product twords the bottom of the tube where it had been fold blew out and sprayed steel all over
 i 've heard nothing but good things about optima batteries , but mine must 've been a fluke , ` cuz it died after just 6 months . a battery test showed that it was indeed bad . but it has a 3-year warrant . HOWEVER , amazon does not accept returns for batteries , ` cuz it 's hazmat . instead , it just tells me to recycle it at my authorized local recycling dealer . i called optima , and they told me that amazon is NOT an authorized online dealer , but fortunately they were able to find a servicer locally that i can go to , so i 'm keeping my fingers crossed . the moral of the story ? optima batteries are great , but do not buy them from amazon ! in the unlikely even that your battery fails prematurely , amazon does not take care of you . spend a little bit more money and get them form a local store or someone who 's authorized . that probably goes for any electronic things and amazon . do n't get me wrong . i love amazon , but i probably would only buy books and such from them from now on
 Pay attention before ordering this - this is a HAZMAT item that is not returnable or refundable for any reason.So , there is no warranty , regardless of what it says.By the way the R on this battery stands for REVERSE , so the the negative and positive terminals are reversed , and this actually makes it not fit properly in most vehicles , do n't think you can just turn it around - the cables in the vehicles do n't necessarily reach of the other side of the battery spot.Also , unlike most optima batteries , this wo n't come with any indication of when it was manufactured ...
 Bought this in October of 2010 , battery got weaker & weaker within 3 months , finally crapped out by June . Had it on a recommended trickle charger & disconnected when not in use . Vehicles charging system was confirmed as being fine . Contacted seller at Bluegrass & they were very helpful but Optima demands that I spend $ 50 to ship back to seller when there is a local dealer near my house . I complained to Optima , they suggested I do a 10A fast charge to resucitate , which I did , & the case split within 15 minutes even though the battery never got hot . Then they have the gall to say that a split case is not covered under warranty . The el cheepo Walmart battery I 'm using as a replacement has already outperformed the Optima piece of junk . Optima 's 3 year `` warranty '' is nothing but a marketing ploy . Save your money & buy from someone who stands behind their products .
 Amazon is not an authorized dealer for Optima ! Optima will not honor the warranty , and Amazon will not stand behind this product either . Amazon is being very dishonest by selling this battery knowing there is NO warranty . Mine died after two years -LRB- into the three year replacement warranty -RRB- and Amazon will not do a single thing to stand behind the purchase . What else on this site is n't Amazon telling you does n't have a warranty ? I have been a loyal Amazon/Prime customer for years , but not after getting off the phone with Amazon about this battery . It maybe a little more expensive to buy local , but I just learned my lesson that it is really cheaper in the long run .
 The plastic red top cracked within 6 months of buying the battery . It took several attempts via email and phone to get hold of Optima customer service . And when I took it to their distributor 30 miles away , they would n't warranty it . Never buying another Optima battery again .
 I bought two of these batteries and both failed after two years . Amazon wo n't take it back and Optima will mess with you until you give up . They are n't cheap either.EDIT 3/4/11 Optima finally sent me a new battery and told me to dispose of the old one so even though I do n't like the batteries , they do honor their warranty.I called Optima direct for this .
 Contrary to Amazon 's info , the correct Wix p/n for a 2004 Lexus RX330 is 24905 . I guess I 'll have to go through the hassles of exchanging it .
 This is listed as fitting a 2009 Toyota Camry 2.4 L . It does not fit . It 's about an inch too long . The correct air filter is 49223 . Amazon , please fix this .
 Electrically works , but it must be installed inclined to bolt . Only one screw of the two can be used . Apparently no problem in terms of compatibility with the ECU .
 I bought these to replace some cheap autozone style covers I 've had for ever . At first inspection the material looked decent , but the stitch quality and overall finish was lacking . Many of the seams had uneven stitching and the ends of the fabric were already starting to fray.I installed the seat covers and was dissapointed in the fit . From the marketing of this company you 'd expect these covers to fit tight , almost like the original seat fabric . This is anything but the case . The overall shape was right but the fabric did not ever tighten down and always had the loose cover look . The headrest pieces were the worst , with ugly fabric tabs designed to fold under the velcro closers that did n't conform to the curves and always popped out.Next , just a few weeks into use , the real disappointment . I noticed a tear right at the corner seam of the drivers seat . Upon further inspection there are more rips along the seam of the passenger seat . Now the tear on the drives seat is about 6 inches long , and these covers have only been used for 5 weeks!To make all of this worse Amazon wo n't return my money because its more then 30 days and Coverking will only return these for a direct replacement , which I can only assume will have the exact same problems since these problems are not related to one defect in the workmanship but rather the quality of the materials and overall manufacturing process.Bottom line , these seat covers are not worth the price and should be in the under $ 50 price range for the quality.Update
 I 'm very upset , first winter and the battery is already giving me hard time.Woke up early in the morning with 18 degrees here in Jersey to go to dentist , when i attempted to turn on the car , the battery fails on me . all i here is clicks , no amps.The Battery is less than a year old and on its first winter it show its quality.I drive a base version of Nissan Sentra S 08 . no alarm , nothing fancy , and the battery wo n't work.LOOK FOR A DIFFERENT BRAND .
 Optima batteries used to be the best , say , 6-7 years ago and I had many that were long lasting and did their job . Now , both their products and their customer service are unreliable and I personally have had to get the battery I purchased warranty replaced over 4 times for the same car , in a matter of 18 months . The products manufacturing has been moved overseas which is one of the reasons for so many 2nd rate products from their company but also their network of dealers who they have contracts with . One of those times they refused to honor their own warranty because I did n't buy it from them . I bought it from a 3rd party retailer who was an optima dealer til about 2 weeks before i tried to get my warranty replacement . Instead of them honoring the warranty on THEIR product , they basically told me to get lost and go to the person i purchased it from who no longer carries their product and could basically do nothing for me besides replacing it with something that was n't the identical product for my vehicle . The owner of the company offered me a refund and explained to me how Optima has gone about conducting business with some of their smaller retailers , they should be ashamed of themselves . Optima gets a big thumbs down and I wish I could give them a 0 , as they fail in every aspect and it shows as their sales have taken a hit and other brands out there who at one time were of no competition are now putting together better products . Consider owning an Odyssey battery if you want something built with pride and a manufacturer that will back their product 100 % .
 Well , I 've been an Optima Battery user for years . Even before they were bought by Johnson something -LRB- whatever the new company is called -RRB- . I read all reviews , but I still took my chances and ... luck is not with me maybe ? Amazon does have the best price all over BUT ... Its not good if its BROKEN ! it came with a thin box thats about the same size as the battery itself . with `` NO PROTECTION/WARP '' around the battery . I mean its ok to use a small box , but the battery is like 30 something 40 pounds should n't there be some sort of protection around it ? we all know how UPS handle their packages.First one came broken at the corner , called customer service , the lady told me they will ship another one , they dont want the broken one back so I threw it away at some recycling center , wait another week something , 2nd one came , and it got the same fate , broken at the corner . : -LRB- After speaking with Amazon , they apologize and issued a refund.Maybe Amazon got billions dollars of business every year so they dont cared . who knows.Amazon Customer Service is really good . The lady I spoke with was very professional.Buying this from Amazon is a gamble . will I take the chance again ? maybe . I still need a battery and the locals here charge at least 50 dollars more for the same battery . Maybe I should give Yellow top a shot ?
 I purchased this battery for my Subaru WRX hoping to do away with having to clean acid and corrosion that inevitably occurs on traditional acid battery models . It has met that expectation , however after leaving the car parked for a month it would n't start . Checked for any current leaks revealed no culprit in the car 's electrics . Was able to jump start the car and been using it for few more months now . But there are days when it barely cranks enough to start the engine . My mechanic load tested it and voltage drops under 8 Volts after 10 seconds , so it is on it 's last breath , have to start shopping for a new one . It will definitely not be an Optima .
 I purchased this battery in March of 2008 and the battery is now dead as of January 2009 . I contacted Optima to attempt to arrange a warranty exchange , and they passed the buck by directing me to contact Amazon , to which I was told that they would not honor a warranty exchange , or refund on account of the shipping restriction they have on this item . I am now stuck with a $ 150 paperweight on my workbench , and have since replaced my battery with an OEM style replacement battery from my local auto store that will actually honor my warranty should I need to use it.Optima batteries are excellent products that nary have any problems , but I will * NEVER * purchase another Optima product based on the lack of customer support that I received .
 This product shipped from Amazon with no padding at all . It was cracked in several places , and some pieces of the plastic casing had broken off completely . It was no longer a sealed battery and was certainly not usable . I ca n't imagine this battery , which weighs nearly 40 lbs , ever surviving a trip through the mail without padding .
 I refused to accept delivery of this item . It was shipped with absolutely no protection . No padding , no box , nothing but a wrap of plastic to hold the spacer in place . The shipping labels were stuck directly to the bare battery . One entire lower corner was destroyed , broken plastic all the way into the actual cell . Since this is a gel cell type battery , no liquid leaked out , but I certainly was not going to accept a battery with a hole in the actual cell . These may be wonderful batteries , but shipping totally unprotected is idiocy .
 Battery died after 20 months . After calling Amazon I discovered that Amazon does not honor any warranty on this battery . Optima does n't either ! Local shops do n't either ! I had to replace the battery locally , but next time I 'll at least have a warranty . DO N'T BUY THIS BATTERY ON-LINE !!!!!
 I have had this battery for less than two weeks and it 's failed already.Amazon wo n't take it back -LRB- something about it being hazardous -RRB- . I contacted optima and theysaid I have to take it back to amazon . Amazon said to talk to optima . Major run around.Optima said that I should have bought it from a local dealer , blaming amazon . Amazon wo n't even reply to me.This is the worse experience ever . This battery is not cheap either . It claims to have a 3 year replacement warranty and I ca n't even get it to work for two weeks and all I get is a run-around and customer no-service . Jeers to amazon and optima.now I 'm not only out $ 130 , I have to go buy another battery so I can get to work. :-LRB- :-LRB- : -LRB-
 My red top died after 14 months . Went on vacation for a week , came home and car would not start . Charged battery as per instructions , then drove car 75 miles . Figured that would be more than enough to get the battery back in shape . WRONG ... . stuck 75 miles from home and car would not start ! . . Thank goodness for kind people that helped me with a jump start . So I call Optima and tell them I can not return it to AMAZON due to federal regulations , so can I take it to any auto parts store that sells Optima 's ? ... . NO ... . has to be taken to a Interstate Distributor and has to be tested over night ... hmm ... closest Distributor is 100 miles away ... so basically they are telling me I would have to drive a total of 400 miles to get this POS replaced ... This is the second Optima I 've had that died long before the advertised longivity ... but it will be the lst one I buy .
 Ordered this battery and I received it damaged . Amazon would n't take it back , the shipper would not take a claim and Optima would n't take it back . So I was left with a damaged battery I ca n't use in my truck . Finally gave it to my handy man who will use it in his utility trailer after he put some epoxy on the damaged area . There 's no way in hell I would put it in my truck like that . If you order this battery be aware of their return policy if you receive it damaged you 're pretty much screwed !!!!
 I had to get a new battery today and since this one did n't last even 3 yrs . I got one through AAA that has a 3 year free replacement warranty and prorated for 3 more years after that and it was $ 40 cheaper . They check the alternator and the battery and replace it for you . I was up and running in about 40 min . after I called .
 I was really on the fence with purchasing this battery online . Batteries are heavy -- the carrier -LRB- in my case , UPS -RRB- , will treat this battery like they treat any other heavy package and toss it around . I read the reviews -LRB- the good and the bad -RRB- and thought that they had resolved the poor packaging issue . Sadly , they have not . My battery arrived with three of the four corners of the base snapped off , and the negative post bent.Until Amazon realizes that these batteries need to be packaged better , they should not sell them.UPDATE
 I purchased my optima battery for my Toyota Tundra in April 2010 . I frequently drive to remote desert areas and needed a top notch reliable battery . I have had optima batteries before and they were solid . However , this battery died on me after only 18 months . I did n't drive the truck for 2 weeks and then my truck would n't start . When I brought it back to auto zone , they told me that optima had recently outsourced their manufacturing to another company in China and the quality has gone downhill . Sadly it seems like just another greedy company sacrificing quality products in order to cut costs and make more money . Well optima , it looks like you shot yourself in the foot this time since your batteries now suck and no one will be buying them anymore . Good luck with the new factory in China .
 12v Optima -LRB- AGM -RRB- batteries , when discharged below 10.5 v , can only be charged with a charger that has an AGM mode of operation -LRB- see Optima website FAQ -RRB- . A charger without an AGM mode will show `` charging '' , but it is not charging due to built-in -LRB- but usually poorly identified -RRB- safety reasons . These facts lead to a significant number of complaints about defective Optima batteries -LRB- see 1-3 star ratings -RRB- and a great deal of time and energy wasted by angry purchasers.Optima has always known about this situation , but it does not disclose the situation in the Amazon product description or in their in-store product literature . Amazon has known about this situation for several years -LRB- see dates on rating complaints -RRB- and has not required Optima to make an appropriate product description that discloses this surprising fact about AGM batteries . The solution is to simply state
 Do not order this item as with all of the reviews the item arrived broken . The bottom corner was cracked , I would have thought more care would be taken but apparently no one looks at the reviews and changes the way things are sent out .
 Neither Optima or Amazon will honor the warranty . You have to buy from a brick and mortar store to get warranty service . Mine failed in one year and now Amazon will provide no help and Optima is not helpful .
 Bought this item a year ago and it now has a dead cell . Called Optima and they told me I needed to go to my place of purchase w / my original receipt in order to get warranty coverage ... even though the product has a clear manufacture date within the past year and a serial number to confirm it . So without my original receipt I 'm out the $ 150 + I spent on what I thought was going to be a great battery . I do n't plan on doing business w / Optima again .
 Optima red top batteries normally come with a full 3 year replacement warranty , but not if you purchase it from Amazon . My 16 month old Optima failed and Optima customer service said Amazon is responsible for warranty claims . The Amazon CSR stated there is only the normal 30 day warranty on these items , they do not honor or assist you in getting regular warranty service . I would NEVER consider making a similar purchase from Amazon again .
 Optimas in general are great batteries . They last a really long time compared to other batteries and really takes extreme temperatures and harsh environments -LRB- stiff suspension in sports sedan and terrible pot-hole ridden streets of NYC -RRB- well . I had run down a redtop about 10 times -LRB- which I know is * terrible * for a battery -RRB- and yet after 5 years it still starts the car up every time , whereas normal non-deep discharge batteries can only take 1 or 2 deep discharges before they give up and die.In any case , as other reviewers have pointed out , I need to comment on Amazon 's packaging of this battery and UPS 's handling of this battery . More Amazon 's fault that UPS , since they just put the battery in a thin carboard box WITHOUT ANY PACKING MATERIALS . It literally was
 This is not a comment on Optima batteries.I have had 3 . 1 -RRB- A red top auto starting battery -- going on 5 years now . 2 -RRB- A yellow top ` heavy duty ' one for my Massey Ferguson Model 231 tractor - going on 4 years now . Never fails to start that diesel even in the coldest weather or after having sat idle for several months . 3 -RRB- A blue marine starting battery . All worked great . However , this one came from California to Kentucky via UPS in a very flimsy cardboard box . From the shipment tracking info , it looks like there were two drop points before hitting the local UPS distribution point.One bottom corner was completely broken off -LRB- mostly cosmetic -RRB- . However , another bottom corner separated from the corner cell so that the saturated gel/woven material is exposed to the air -- pretty much rendering the battery useless.I called Amazon and they have issued an immediate refund . I will be buying an Optima locally.Until Amazon gets their packaging straightened out for this product , you should avoid purchasing it on-line .
 Optima considers my battery a grey market item , and will not warranty the unit . Optima instructed me to return the battery to Amazon . Amazon says contact manufacturer for warranty . I 'm the monkey in the middle . I have had great service from Optima batteries up to now . I will not buy a heavy item from Amazon again , and will probably not purchase any Optima batteries in the future .
 Have a friend who has had one for almost ten years and still going strong . That was enough to convince me to get one for my car , but after 15 months , it is now dead . Purchased from Interstate , and they or Optima will not honor warranty . Ended up putting the OEM battery back in , and at 300 less CCA 's , my car turns over much faster than it ever did with the Optima.I wish I would have listened to others , and went with a high quality sealed lead acid battery . Never again !
 My 1st Red Top lasted almost 8 years . The last 2 have lasted less than 12 months each.My buddy works for Costco and he says they have dropped the Optima line , due to so manyreturns.It appears the new owners of Optima are after profit only , not quality.Type `` Optima battery problems '' into Google -- the list will go on forever !
 Only a 3 year replacement warranty and it only lasted 3 years and a few days . Definately not worth the extra money .
 Seemed like a decent pickup coil but ran into flow problems when I used it . The OEM is says on the box stands for Original Equipment Management , which who the hell knows what that means lol .
 I was to understand this fit my 2002 Dodge ram 1500 but it did n't . My thoughts are this is intended for the early model 2002 , old body style , and not the later model year , new body style . I also found that my vehicle was already wired with a 4 way plug so did n't need this part after all .
 This is crap , it would not even cover 2 sq ft of material . Their other type of can using a triger is great .
 i have a 05 accord v6 coupe and i purchase the kyb 's 341330 & 341331 . These shocks sucks ! They keep bouncing everytime i hit a bump . Even at high speed ding 80 MPH on the highway , if i hit a bump , it jsut keep bouncing afterwads . When im driving slow down a bumpy street or coming out of my drveway slowly , i can hear the shocks taking the bumps . I want to return them but my mechanic say to ride it out maybe it just need to settle.I was doing some research online and i found out that the new kyb 's are bing made in the U.S. . The all black kyb 's are made in the U.S. and the slive or white one were made in Japan . The one 's Amazon sent me is the all black ones , and everywhere i look online people are complaining about the american made kyb 's . i hope this help you , so becareful when buying these shocks
 Bought this for my WRX . It did not work . Once installed the temp gauge read normal operating temp before starting the car . Out on the road and up to temp it read past the red zone . I reset the ECU and got the same results.Great seller , amazon , with fast free shipping and hassle free returns ! Amazon 5 stars ! The part , 0 stars .
 The sensor received had been opened , installed and then put back in to the box and retaped shut . The other two Sensors received were in unopened boxes still inside plastic bags .
 This was recommended by amazon based on my vehicle information . It turned out to be wrong . the site still recommends the same part . I finally got one from Advance Auto Parts . But Amazon is still the best .
 A different keyless remote was sent than the one pictured . It was too cheap to bother with sending back and correcting the problem , but it would have been nice had they sent the same one that was pictured .
 Bosch 13354 Oxygen Sensor , OE Type FitmentIt works fine on my 98 Toyota Camry V6 . I saved money , the cost reduced by half compared to buying the same product from dealership .
 Great product , at half the price ! -LRB- compared to Autozone and Pepboys -RRB- Installed it in under 10 mins , had to disconnect the battery to reset the computer . Since then , the `` check engine '' sign is gone , the car has slightly better throttle response and fuel mileage . Thank you Bosch and Amazon!Update 1
 I ordered 02sensor for 2000 toyota solara , site stated this would fit my vehiclewhen I recieved item I noticed plug connector was different and would not fit .
 Yea the Sensor is OE which should be the official sensor one installs in a car . Turns out that was not the case . It would not fit in my Toyota Camry . I ended up having to sadder it in order to make it fit . Bad experiences all around . Bought a 70 dollar part and ended up having to destroy it to make it fit
 I brought these shock -LRB- KYB-341330 & 341331 -RRB- for my 2005 Accord V6 Coupe and i must say , `` these shocks are bad '' . I keep bouncing after each bump i hit , even on the highway doing 80 MPH , if there is a bump on the road the shocks just keep bouncing after wards as those the shocks were blown out . When i driving slow on a bumpy street or pulling out my driveway slowly , i can hear the shocks taking the bumps . My mechanic told me to ride it and see what happens , maybe it needs to settle in . i wouldnt recommand this shock at all for a V6 accord coupe . the handle didnt improve , if anything it made the car a little unsafe on the highway at high speed.When i did some research i found out that KYB 's are being made in the US now . The US one are all black while the ones made in Japan are Sliver or white . There 's lots of complaints online about the all black shocks from KYB . Of Cousre the one 's that they send me from Amazon are the US made ones . They are lots of people that got the all black KYB 's with the same problem i have . So becarefull
 Suction cups are not connected to mesh well at all . Sold in a pair , had to get a third as one of the first suction cups had already fallen off . The remaining two did not last long .
 It 's arguable that this shade does anything . My daughter still squints and cry that it 's too bright . Suction cups work well if it 's not defective . One of mine arrived folded so it would not suction . It 's a hassle to return . Oh yeah , do n't get it through Autobarn . You 'll have to pay return shipping if you get a bad one .
 It doesnt fit all type of windows . I have an optima and has to give it to somebody who had a Camry .
 This bosh 13355 does not fit a Rav4Toyota rav4 , The electrical connection has incorrect pins for this car . after installing had to remove and discard item could not return after installing . Most Bosh items are of good quality but this was a loss of $ 70.00 , be sure if you but any part check all connectors before installing and save yourself your money.Some Oxygen sensors only have a very small change and that will not work on your car . Match all parts to see if they match exactly on every pin and Plastic connections.The loss of $ 70.00 was not good and use old part to check to see if it matches perfect size or it will not work on your car !
 i did not order this part . the connector for the upstream oxygen sensors , ie the ones before the catalytic converter on the exhaust manifolds , on my 2003 solara sle v6 is different from the connector that is pictured . the white tab in the connector housing of mine runs the other way and has a nub in the center . the bosch 13540 pictured on amazon is the right connector BUT the `` make sure it fits '' your car feature says it is the wrong part for my car . buyer beware!a couple weeks ago i got the error code of p0155 which is bank 2 sensor 1 or the oxygen sensor on the exhaust manifold that is on the radiator side of the engine . i looked up the part on advanced replacement auto parts site and it called for the bosch 13540 or the denso 234-9021 . my buddy who owns a body shop ordered what he said was going to be an original manufacturers part with his discount . i told him the part had a piece of pulple tape on it and the cable length was 8 inches . i do not know what manufacturer or part he got for me , he would n't let me pay for it . the part he sent me had a brown piece of tape on it and only 7 inches of cable . it was a stretch to connect but it worked . a week later i got code p0135 . p0135 is bank 1 sensor 1 or the oxygen sensor on the exhaust manifold near the firewall . the car has only 55,000 miles . either these things need to be replaced in pairs or there is something else going on here . but enough about my trials.before ordering one online , be sure to open the connector and look in , and then measure the cable length . order one with the proper connector , and enough cable length . you may want to order in pairs !
 I had a small rust leak at the rear of the tank near the strap -LRB- standard problem on Ford f150s -RRB- . I emptied most of the fuel and raised the truck so any remaining gas was directed away from the leak . I sanded the area and then cleaned the with brake cleaner and rubbing alcohol . I applied the epoxy as directed and even let it sit overnight . Put the tank strapped back on and went to the gas station . The leak was now worse than before . Went home and removed the tank strap and the patch fell right off . This product is supposed to be able to handle gas including a wet surface . Duct tape would have been better . I ordered a new tank and installed but I wasted several days trying to buy some time . Highly disappointed as I have used other permatex products extensively in the past .
 After replacing several oxygen sensors I would recommend not to buy aftermarket ones but instead buy one from the dealership . The aftermarket ones only last a few months and then you end up having to buy another one which is more expensive than just buying the manufacturer one from the start ...
 I was attracted to the product because of its price and the fact that it can easily be removed . The film delivers on both counts but also has two major limitations :1 . The film is not fully transparent , i.e. it will blur/distort vision through the window .2 . The film is very sensitive to scratching . I used a professional squeegee for installation of the film with plenty of water but still ended up with lots of scratches on it.As a result , I do not consider the film suitable for use on vehicles unless the only purpose of the film is to block vision both ways - in which case you should go for the darker -LRB- 5 % VLT -RRB- version of film -LRB- this one has 20 % VLT -RRB- . I pulled mine off again and sent it back .
 This product comes out of the package nice , but will not stick on the window for more than a few minutes . If it looks too good to be true ... IT IS !
 This is not good if you are going to use it in a plastic convertible . It simply does not work ! Save your money for something else .
 The kit I received had the correct clutch disc and throwout bearing but the wrong pressure plate . I got the 10 inch disc but the pressure plate was the larger one for an 11 inch disc . I reused the old pressure plate . Most likely a packaging error .
 I use silicone adhesive for many things , and always try to keep it on hand . This was unequivocally the worst I have * EVER * used in my entire life ... all dried up and impossible to extract from the tube . I finally had to cut the bottle apart with scissors and use a dowel to retrieve what little was useable . I will NEVER buy this again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The cost of this Wix 51045 is way too high @ $ 13 plus dollars . Sell for $ 7.62 at auto parts store . Also , what pray tell is a `` used '' oil filter ?
 I have no problem seeing a Kerry/Edwards sticker on a car - at least those people claim to stand for something . But ANYONE but Bush ? Hitler ? Khomeni ? Amin ? al-Sadr ? Anyone ? I think not . This is the beacon of democracy for the world and our right to vote for our leaders is precious . So many folks are n't even registered to vote and those who are sadly make a presidential candidate into a devil or a savior . Your legislators and Senators make the laws - most folks do n't even know who their representatives are and I 'd venture to guess that any moron that would stick this on their car knows less about how our democratic republic system works than my dog .
 Was disapointed in Amazons charge for returning merchandise when info on my truck for this part was incorrect . Since this was the first time I have changed the pads on this truck I was n't sure of what the ends looked like and even if I did is the picture of the part correct . The problem I could see was when I was asked questions about my truck it only asked what year 2004 what make Ford and what model F-150 . My truck is a Lariat 4x4 with 6 lugs which was not asked . Had looked at a cheaper set and it said to look at these . I figured at $ 10.00 more at this point was a better idea . Not really in hind sight .
 This is a thin stamped and painted vanity plate , I would not have purchased it if I had been able to look at it first . The picture of the item makes it look much better than it is .
 This plate is extremely flimsy and never looked right . It 's super thin . I did n't pay much , so I 'm not too upset , but if your looking for quality do n't buy this one
 The product pictured is not what the product actually is . It actually has 2 small flag style decals as pictured in addition to two very small decals in the shape of the US in red/white/blue . The other two decals are small flags made to appear as waving flags but are , in my opinion , not very attractive . Much smaller than I expected .
 Coil that came did not have any of the same numbers as shown in picture -LRB- numbers in picture were identical to the coil I was replacing , so I went with it -RRB- . Coil needed to be specific for car ... failed after 15 minutes . . do n't buy online . . think they slipped in the cheaper version .
 Although this is the one suggested for my truck , it was a VERY tight fit .
 Mine worked fine until the small valve on top which holds vacumn pressure fell off ... it 's only thin rubberand could n't be repaired or replaced ... can not find manufacturer and get parts ... shame to throw it outover this ...
 Product failed at the beginning of the first use on a relatively new Kubota RTV 500 . Directions were followed and the oil extraction tube inserted through the oil dipstick tube went in with no effort . Before pumping up the unit , I tried to bring the extraction tube out a little , and although I never felt it hit bottom , it became stuck somewhere in the oil pan . The oil was drained manualIy , and new oil extraction tube remains inside the oil pan . System failure . The extraction tube was cut off , dipstick reinserted , and after talking with the Kubota folks , I will end up taking the Kubota to the dealer to pull the engine , remove the oil pan and remove the oil extraction tube . I would call your dealer if you plan on using this product for any ATV type vehicle .
 When I opened this package , the rubber gasket between the pump and the tank was missing . This makes this pump USELESS .
 I would say that if there is no way to get at the engine 's drain plug then it 's better than nothing . I used it on my Acura then afterwards broke open the drain plug and drained out the rest from the oil pan . I would have to say there was almost half of the old oil left in the engine . It 's not a quick fix or an easy way to do the job right . Any way you look at it if you want to git ` er done right you still have to crawl around on your back !
 Bought this product to extract oil from lawn mower and snow blower . It extracts at a very slow rate . Took over an hour to extract less than 20 oz of oil . Mityvac makes these products that will extract the same amount in 10 minutes .
 I purchased a pair of these `` perforated '' gloves because they look slick.Unfortunately , they ripped within two weeks of more than gentle use . The Velcro closure on my right hand has already begun to separate from its stitching , & no longer provides a snug fit around my hand . I emailed the Motorcycle Market on the 22nd regarding the poor quality of the gloves & still have not gotten a response.Essentially , I paid $ 60.80 for gloves that ripped in a week ! -_- I imagined that $ 60 would last me a lot longer than 2 weeks ; apparently I was wrong.I just want my MONEY BACK . - UPDATE
 These gloves fit very well and are comfortable . However , they look better and more durable in the pictures , which is kind of misleading . They are very thin and flimsy , and I do not trust that they 'd hold up in a crash . For shorty gloves they are n't bad though if you only do slow speed in town riding . It 's been 3 months and some of the stitching is sticking up , and I 'm really hoping that it does n't come apart . Honestly , I wish I had paid a bit more and gotten better full gauntlet gloves . If you just want some comfortable gloves , these are it . If you are looking for protection , then keep on looking.edit
 Bought for replacing on 2004 Explorer . Needed to get special tool to install and took several hours to remove old and press in new . All seemed fine until about one month after installing , the boot on one of the ball joint came out from under the retaining clip allowing dirt and sand in and grease out . Had no information on warranty , how to contact company or how to replace failed product . Not practical to remove product and return since truck will be out of commission . The process was such that now it is n't worth pursuing and wo n't order these again . Will order factory replacement arms/ball joint to repeat the process . Not happy about these ball joints .
 I was surprise to see that the item was made in Netherland . On inspection the item seem to be well made , but upon taking it apart , I find the construction of it to be just satisfactory . The handle part is hollow , leaving it vulnerable to breaking . It did not come with any mounting hardware , which was a major disappointment . I subtracted one star for the construction , one star for the lack of mounting hardware , and 1 star for the price versus quality .
 This product has no heft to it . Why ? The handle is hollow and seemingly made of cheap plastic . There are a myriad of other materials that would have made this a better life-saving tool . It is much too expensive for the cheap materials used .
 Disappointed at just how light weight this hammer is . No heft to it as though it came out of a kiddy play tools set.Shocked when I read the material provided and learned it does not work on windshields.Just think upside down in a gully , both doors squeezed by dirt and the only window for escape is the windshield ... I am putting them in the wife and my car but am definitely looking to replace them with something of substance at the earliest . This is not a product that gives me a sense of security for an emergency situation . I tied a micro light to the handle and taped it in place , so I now have a wrist strap and light . There was no tie down location on the Life Hammer for this . The blade did cut one inch climbing webbing under tension . It may actually work on a side window . I am going to a junk yard to find out for sure.Bottom line - I want a hammer I can break a windshield with and then bang bent metal out of the way and the life hammer is not a tool for that job .
 The programmer ruined my ECM , and had to have it replaced . $ 190 later car is running stock again , The item I received was a return and sold to me as new . The programmer had another VIN in it before I got it , and I did not know , lesson learned , take it to a professional and have a performance shop do it , a lot cheaper in the long run .
 While the materials used to make this part look good . It is n't ready to be installed on arrival . The brass pegs used to attach this part to the hand-brake are not pre-installed to the shoes . Unless you have proper equipment to do this right , this is not a good one to buy . I instead bought a comparable product from the local parts shop with this brass part pre-installed . I 'll be returning these to Amazon . I believe this will be the first automobile part I return to Amazon .
 I ended up having to take it to a muffler shop to have pipes bent and to flare the inlets and outlet of the muffler
 Does not fit 09 cbr 600rr . Brake lines must be coming out the bottom of handle bar to work . Also fits too snug between grip and handle bar causing it to constantly be locked . Probably ment for a cruiser so buyer beware ...
 Tried to install on a Honda 2011 CB1000 - &#34; fits &#34; but was frustrating , and stiffens the throttle too much - if it 's loose enough to not affect the throttle , when not engaged , then it does n't work . And if it 's tight enough to work , it stiffens the throttle so much that it would hold it , even without the paddle engaged .
 It kinda worked . In the off position , it had some drag returning to the zero point . In the full lock position , it would creep back toward zero . It 's better than nothing , but barely .
 I purchased this product for my 2004 dodge 2500 hemi ram truck , hoping to get better gas mileage . So I tried the 87 octane version , first since gas is so high priced these days , and well , it may save a little in gas as long as you baby the gas pedal , but not as much as I expected . Maybe 1 or 2 Mpg , Maybe ? Then I tried the 93 octane setting , expecting what everyone else on the web says it will do , and expected this explosive performance , but I do n't see any real difference other than in my wallet , for higher priced gas . And the gas mileage went down on the 93 octane setting , even from my stock settings . So maybe you will do better , but for the price , I would save your money , or if you you do buy one , keep it at 87 octane setting , this is only savings I see . Almost $ 400 bucks -LRB- with shipping -RRB- is lots of money to pay for something , that was just so/so . Do n't expect what diesel guys are getting with better mileage and perfomance , it just is n't there . One final note to mention , everything else on this truck is stock , exhaust , intake etc. . This was my only upgrade over stock .
 I 'm sure these brake rotors would have worked perfectly for the truck they were designed for . However , Amazon 's tool to verify the product is indeed for your vehicle did not work in the case of my 2002 GMC Yukon Denali . These rotors were NOT for that truck . The 2002 GMC Yukon Denali has a 6 bolt lug pattern , these rotors have an 8 bolt lug pattern and will not fit that truck . These rotors are for a 3/4 ton vehicle , not the 1/2 ton that the 2002 Denali is . These were returned and another set of rotors were bought locally for the vehicle . Before you buy these rotors , check the EBC website to verify they will fit your vehicle .
 Tried to purchase this part ; however , the part shipped was not an idler arm for the Nissan 720 4x4 and looked nothing like the picture at Amazon . The part that shipped looked like a strut mount . Obviously a part for a different vehicle . Amazon quickly shipped a replecement ; but , it was also incorrect .
 I purchased this item because it showed the complete mounting set which includes if you look at the picture -- the bolts , washers , retainers as well as the cab mounts . When I received the order the only thing included in the order was the cab mounts -- no bolts , washers or retainers . I talked to a representative from Amazon and he also thought that they should be included and reordered the item for me and we again received only the cab mounts . I cancelled the order and reordered the item from another company . How disappointing . So if you just want the cab mounts this item is fine . The listing should be corrected immediately .
 Ordered this great product from the picture not the actual description , THE PICTURE IS OF THE NEXT LARGER QUANTITY , thought it was as shown , fool me once ...
 A New Yorker , suffering from Hurricane Sandy and thereafter the gas shortage , I purchased this funnel , and to my disappointment , it does not produce a tight seal , and it will leak.I am surfing right now to look for another funnel to replace exactly this .
 My own stupidity but I read the lsiitng as a 4-1/2 pint capacity funnel and not the 4 '' 1/2 pint capacity . I ordered it so I would meet my $ 25.00 free shipping requirement . 3.99 for a teensy funnel like this is an outrageous price . It can probably be purchased for 99 cents at any store . I would spend more than 3.99 to ship it back so I am stuck . Be careful reading the lisitng .
 The plastic used in this has a strong smell that I would not want in my car ! And it just looked cheapo . Plus it had velcro on the bottom which would have scratched the leather ! Do n't buy this .
 I wish this product were a little studier in the upright position part . It keeps collapsing on me . Also , when I received it from the seller it was a little dirty . I wish I had noticed that sooner , but it was on one side and I just did n't see it.If did n't collapse so easily whenever you lean something against it , then I would recommend it , but so far , no .
 bought this product at a retail store to use on my boots and hat . Completely soaked my boots and hat with this stuff , used a whole can . It took 4 days to dry and still my feet would get wet in just a few minutes of just walking through wet grass , and my hat , forget it . It shedded water better without it . The water would bead before this stuff , and after I used it , the water would actually SOAK IN !
 liberally sprayed this on a polyester storm jacket and let dry . a couple of days later wore my jacket in the rain . Nothing ! The rain drops soaked in like it jacket was made of Downy paper towels !
 I applied this product to some backpacks ; it took 2 cans just to do 1 backpack . My coverage and saturation were perfect and I let the product cure for 3 days instead of 2 just to be safe . I had a friend over and wanted to show off my backpacks and I took my bottle of water and poured a little on the backpack and it soaked right in . Needless to say I was embarrassed because I had bragged that the packs had this product on them to repel water . Look for another brand ; do n't waste your time with this one .
 I tried to review this before but it did n't post for some reason.My tent started leaking last year , luckily BEFORE my family 's trip to Glacier National Park in Montana . We already had plenty of expenses getting ready for the trip , so I decided to waterproof the tent . I had no high expectation of this product , I just wanted to waterproof it for about 4 nights in unpedicable weather . It was summer , but it can rain any time up there , and can even snow in the summer . So it pays to be ready.The product says it can waterproof a tent . So I set up my tent on a nice , calm , sunny , warm day and I sprayed a coat over all the seams -LRB- that is where it was leaking -RRB- . Then I sprayed a second coat . I made sure to get at least 2 to 3 inches on each side of the seam as well . Once done with that , I started at the bottom and carefully sprayed around the outside of the tent to completely cover it up to the windows or a little higher . By then I was out . I let it all dry between coats and then left it up for 24 hours after that . I should have tested it , but I packed it up and assumed it would work -LRB- not a good idea -RRB- . Our first night it rained heavily . It did not take long for the tent to leak again . We had a tarp carefully placed under the tent and one over the tent in addition to our rain fly . The tarp over the tent could not cover the edges of the tent , and the rain came in pretty quickly . Luckily , the sealant seemed to slow it down and I was able to mop it up with a couple of dirty shirts . Also , I was luckily slightly uphill from my wife and children so they had a decent night of sleep.The next night was dry , as was the third night . The fourth night got cold and wet . Our tent leaked like a net . We woke up at , I do n't know , 2:00 ... 3:00 ... maybe even earlier . It was dark , cold , quiet , and really wet . We packed up as much as we could in the car and got in it to finish the night out . My son and wife were freezing because their blankets and bags got wet . I was lucky that mine did not and was even luckier that I was tasked with keeping our 1 year old daughter warm so I got to keep my bag , though I would have rather given it to my son.The moral of the story is , do n't count on this stuff . Had it stopped the water the first night I would have been a little more understanding and would have assumed it was a one use product . It just slowed the water down ; however , and was completely useless after that first night.I may have messed up in my application , but I attempted to use it as directed , and I felt like I did a pretty good job of putting it on the tent and letting it dry properly . I will never buy this product again . I only give it 2 stars instead of 1 because I think it COULD be useful to some people in different circumstances . After all , it did slow the water down for a little bit .
 This product did not perform the purpose for which it was advertised . I treated my tent -LRB- EazyUp 10 X 10 -RRB- in accordance with the instructions on the can , as a matter of fact I let it air dry and repeated the treatment 3 times using a total of 9 12oz cans . The tent leaked during a mild rain that lasted about 2 hours and ruined many of the products that were intended to be sold at an outdoor craft fair . This is typical of today 's products in that they are never effective as advertised .
 I should have read the one bad review first . Come to find out that THESE DO NOT FIT IN A GASOLINE CAR as the are just a hair too large ; they were obviously designed this way . I had bought two of these and now can not use them for the intended use . Now I have to find others . The reason I am giving 1 star only because it was not advertised that it would not fit . Please add this comment to the description so others are not misled .
 It simply did n't work . Wasted ton of time trying to siphon gas . Finally I gave up and grab an emergency squeeze pump to finish the job . I would give zero star for this .
 The Hopkins FloTool 10801 shaker siphon that I purchased via Amazon did not do what I expected and wanted.Shaking its tip vigorously up and down while well immersed in gasoline did draw a small amount of gas up six inches and into the siphon tube , but not enough to fill the plastic tubing , and therefore not enough to start siphoning . I think that the apparatus might work better if the tube were thinner , and therefore easier to fill.The principle of this ball-valve apparatus is good , and the tube does keep one 's fingers out of gasoline , but overall this is not an adequate product .
 Good thing this item was cheap cause now it is useless to me . I bought it to siphon gas from my car to a gas can for use in my generator during the recent gas shortage/hurricane sandy event.The description of the item should have stated : THIS SIPHON WILL NOT WORK IN A CAR GAS TANK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This hose kinks very easily . The wall thickness is too thin . When your siphoning something and the hose lays over a edge it will bend and kink .
 First time I have been taken on an internet purchase . This , quite simply put , does not work but is n't worth the trouble or cost to send it back . Just hope others do n't try it with the same expectations that I had . I bought it to transfer diesel fuel from a 5 gal can into my pickup but ca n't get it to siphon anything at all . It 's poorly made and apparently not tested before delivering to a customer .
 It does n't work . I sat there shaking it like a fool for half an hour and got nothing but sweaty and really mad . If you look at all the positive feedback on here it sounds like words from a commercial . They are obviosuly product investors or something . This thing is worthless . The only positive feedback I have is that I only lost 9 bucks .
 I bought this to use to drain a firepit that has not drain and fills with rain sometimes . But I could n't seem to make it work . Then I tested it on a kiddie pool filled with water and got nowhere also . I may just cut the end off and use the tubing and do it the old-fashioned way , since I 'm just working with water and not fuel .
 Put it into gas tank of my C3 scooter . end fell off into tank ! Need advice how to get it out safely !!!!!!!!
 This siphon DOES NOT WORK . The shaking thing that is used to start the flow does nothing . Get a pump type siphon instead .
 you can shake it or you can bake it , but it does n't siphon . I could never get it to start even though the outlet was lower than the inlet .
 Disappointing performance . I bought it to siphon water contaminated gasoline from a built in tank in a small outboard boat . The mechanics are such that you need lots of verticle clearance to &#34; pump the tube vigorously . &#34; Ca n't be done in a constricted curving fill pipe.It might be good for emptying a barrel or hot tub.Gave it away !
 I bought this thinking it would be better than a regular siphon but boy was I wrong . This was a piece of crap it did n't work well at all . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money
 I have tried about 6 times , shaken it more than 80 times each try , but can not get it to prime enough fluid to be functional . I have used it on a malfunctioning bathroom toilet . I am simply trying to remove water from a toilet tank -LRB- clean water -RRB- , & transfer it to the toilet bowl . Each time , I have had to resort to the old fashion method of using my mouth to prime the hose & get the water flowing . Big disappointment ! It could be `` operator error , '' but I am very mechanically experienced ; I have not been able to make this thing functional . Also , the hose leeches a strong plastic odor for WEEKS . I had to place it outside for a month , but the smell is still overwhelming when I place it in a small room for an hour .
 The overly large metal tip of the siphon would NOT fit into an unleaded car or truck gas tanks ; which makes it a poor choice for siphoning for most of the cars on the road today !
 Do n't purchase this item , the hose is cheap and thinned walled so it collapses under suction and very difficult to get it to work . When it does , the hose is collapsing on itself so it takes forever to siphon . Total rip off !
 I wasted my money on this because it is too wide to fit into the fuel filler neck on a vehicles ' gas tank that is not a diesel .
 I bought this to transfer gasoline out of my motorcyle to a gas can for fueling up my yard tools around the house - lawn mower , weed eater , blower etc.The problem is , you have to insert the `` shaker '' end into the gas tank and then shake the hose to get the fuel to flow . When I tried to do it , the metal lip of the gas tank started gouging into the hose , and scraped of pieces of it which then flaked off into my gas tank . Also the shaker end got caught in the tank and I had to spend several minutes manipulating the hose around to get it out.I suppose it would work well if you were transferring gasoline from a gas can to the actual yard tool - but why not just pour it in ? At this point , I would be afraid to stick it in the tank of my S10 , my other source for yard equipment gas , because it might end up stuck . I ended up taking the shaker part off and just used the hose to siphon the gas : -LRB-
 !!! Misleading picture !!! On ebay , everybody who sells this item have picture og one sensor . I Was missleaded to believe i got 1 kit with 2 sensor 's
 Multimeter lasted only about a week before totally flaking out . Readout showed a variety of random garbage every time I powered up . Replaced the battery to no avail . Shipped back and got a full refund , but will order a different unit in future .
 Unit arrived safely but did not contain any information about country of origin , manufacturer , nor warranty details ... just the instruction booklet . The info . was n't there either . Have not tried the unit yet , but if I have a problem with it who does one contact ?
 Meter is very nice however came without instructions or manual . Emailed manufacturer and never even received a response.Lousy since meter is being used for teaching
 Installed these rear shoes on a 2002 Chrysler Voyager . The results were less than acceptable . The friction material refused to properly seat with the new drums . Installed new raybestos shoes and the problem was solved . Save youself some money in the long run and buy American brake components .
 I am very pleased with the front floor mats , however I am EXTREMELY disappointed that I did not receive floor mats for the back seat . They are shown in the pictures and listed in the product description . Feel like I was a victim of false advertising . Buyer beware !
 Jaguar was owned by Ford until about 2010 . Some Jaguar parts are interchangeable with Ford parts . OEM Jaguar parts typically cost more , so I was elated to see this Ford filter advertised as being able to fit my 2005 Jaguar S-Type 3.0 . When I got around to installing it a few weeks after it arrived , I found that it did not fit . It is narrower and longer than the OEM Jaguar part . I had to cut off about an inch and it still had a bit of a gap on the long side . I did order the OEM Jaguar part afterall , but now I have paid for two filters . I am not very happy about that .
 I had to alter the finder bib a little to make it fit my bike but that was no biggie and was expected . There was nothing available for a 03 Heritage Springer . It looks good on the bike . The only complaint I have is that there is a little pucker in the bib which makes it not lay consistently on the finder at all points . I also did not realize the material was a vinyl . I should have known for the price it would not be leather . All in all I like the product .
 The construction is cheap , headlight bulbs burn out often , wires are exposed without any heat shrink or cover . The headlight height adjustment requires a 40 dollar slotted socket and it 's necessary to twist the turn signal to get at the hex heads for the initial install . Overall the product is poorly designed and fraught with problems , would not purchase again .
 Almost impossible to tighten the screws for the turn signals . Very poor design , do yourself a favor and buy the Hondaline bar that uses your stock turn signals . This is a total nightmare to adjust , it has to be completely disassembled again . Totally ridiculous . I damaged the chrome turn signal mount , by trying to turn it with vice grips -LRB- covered the mount with a rag first -RRB- but it still damaged the mount . Nothing you can do about it now . This is a horribly poor design . Do not buy this one . It is very easy to pinch wires , very difficult to get wired up , and if they are n't aligned correctly you have to take all the wires out of the headlight just to adjust .
 Rampage 960134 60 '' LED Tailgate Light BarAnother reviewer thought that for the money , he could n't complain . I am not satisfied and you wo n't be either . In a short time after installation a large section of lights went out . Like he said in his review ... after a rain or simply by washing the vehicle you end up with some or maybe all of the lights failing to illuminate . Who would want that ? I emailed Rampage as soon as I discovered the problem . They would not stand behind their product . My view is that Amazon should not advertise or promote products from a company that does not warrant their merchandise . If any portion of the light bar does n't work you will not want it on your vehicle . My suggestion is to buy something other than a Rampage brand . I paid a higher price than it currently advertised at - but , even at a substantially reduced price it is not a good value . You will spend your time installing it and after it goes bad you will spend your time taking it off and then more time installing one from another company . Save your time and money . Buy a dependable light bar from a reputable company the first time .
 the first one i bought i plugged it in and three of the lights were burned out then i sent it back and got it replaced . i installed the new one and not even two weeks later it broke . what a piece .
 Went through two , first replaced due to condensation build up . Same happened on the second , but before it could be replaced it caught on fire , burnt in two .
 Worked for 1 year . As other reviewers have stated , moisture found it 's way into the light bar and over time this actually caused rust to form inside the bar . Rust and all it still worked until today when the wire from the plug broke off right at the end of the tube . It had corroded completely through . The manufacturer obviously did not test this product in any type of weather -LRB- rain/snow/etc -RRB- . I do live in Northern Ohio so we do have salt/etc to deal with , but I also have installed other exterior electrical accessories on my vehicles and have never had anything like this happen . To sum up , POOR BUILD QUALITY !
 Right length , bright -LRB- on side that worked -RRB- , and good backing.Only issue was that one side did not even work.Too bad.Vendor gave immediate refund no questions asked .
 my brother got me one for xmas and within a week 4 leds went out now i have 8 leds that have stoped working i dont know if i got a bad bar but I cant seem to find rampage 's websit to clam the proplem i would save ur money and buy a different brand
 Less then a week after installing Rampage 960135 49 '' on my truck I had three L.E.Ds burnt out . I would think that they would be of better quilty .
 I received the light bar as a Christmas gift . It installs fairly easily . However , it only lasted a few months before one side stopped working .
 I had the impression that the light bar would be easy to install . It was not . It was problematic to place and once everything was finally set and in place , the left turn signal did n't work though only moments earlier it had . : -LRB-
 The Box it came in was torn and open . sealed with wrapping paper tape . NOT Brand New as advertised . Kinda ticked me off then taking out the net the hooks kept falling off . If i didnt Have to have it I would return it . NOT worth the money . Walmart wold have been better
 So last night , someone broke into the area where over 50 bikes are held at our condo complex . Most of the bikes were left behind , because they had Kryptonite locks . Guess whose was one of the first stolen ? They were able to cut right through this and steal my brand new bike . This is a piece of crap , it took them no time to steal my bike at all . I do n't recommend it at all , all that 's left behind is a cut lock and no bike . Get something better , I am not out a very expensive bike all because I cheapened out on a lock .
 Ordered two trimax resettable bicycle locks , one worked , one did n't . Contacted the company , they emailed a warranty claim , I filled it out and emailed it back , did n't hear anything from them . Emailed another copy , still nothing , as if they dropped off the face of the earth . If you want a bicycle lock that works , do n't buy Trimax .
 This heated seat cushion worked perfectly for about a month or so . Then it just quit working . Did n't get around to trying to return it until now , only to find out it could only be returned within the first couple of months . You get what you pay for .
 This item gets very hot within a minute or two of turning it on . However , it stopped working after only 2 weeks of use , right in early January here in Wisconsin when I really needed it ! Reading other reviews suggests a common theme in this regard .
 The cushion worked well to start with , the high setting gets very warm , almost too warm . Not that comfortable to sit on , moves around no matter what you do . If you in drivers seat must run cord under seat to power supply . Stopped working after 3 weeks . Amazon replaced free . I would not buy again . But would you expect for 18.00 ?
 When I first received the seat warmer I was very excited . It heated up quickly and was so warm an toasty . It lasted about 3 weeks and then died . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Update
 It does what it 's supposed to . Heats up within a few minutes . One thing I 've noticed and it 's only been the first few days ... it stinks . It has an odor that is overbearing right out of the package . By the time you open your car door the smell is very apparent . Hopefully the smell will go away soon . As for the overall ? I have n't tried it on low setting . Only at the high setting . Maybe it 's just me but I maybe could have it go a bit warmer . My other car has heated seats and those get a tad bit warmer . For the price I recommend it . Keeps me warmer in these Michigan winters.Update
 Just tried to usew Wagan heated seat . Its plug in does not fit in any of my cars lighter socketsWagan Tech IN-9738 Heated Seat CushionWagan Tech IN-9738 Heated Seat Cushion . Went to a repair shop . They cofirmed that it did not fit in the lighter sacket properly , only then I hold it in place by hand.So far it has been a useless waste of time and money .
 I enjoyed the heat of my car seat for a total of one time . After that , for no reason at all , it would not warm up . Wires are all still intact . My car 's outlet charges my phone so I know it works . This seat is a waste of money .
 My husband purchased this item for me in December 2008 . It worked for about 3-4 months and then just stopped working . When it did work it worked well and got pretty warm , making my backside toasty warm and happy . However , the straps that held it to the underside of the seat broke quickly and the back would always fall down and bunch behind me whereby I had to adjust it every time I sat into the seat .
 2nd one of these purchased and just as expected broke after 2 months of use . When working it works great and keeps you comfortably warm . Warranty is a hassle , must send in a card . Ordered the next generation today and will send in the broken unit under warranty so passenger can have a butt warmer too . As I said , for $ 20 keeps you warmer than with just a heater but do not expect this to last more than two months .
 Worked for a little wjhile then stopped working . Not sure if I would buy another product like this . Still looking for a better product .
 This cuchion does not put out much heat.The straps are poorly made . It is back in the box and stored inthe attic .
 It lasted a few months during the coldest part of the winter and worked admirably . Like others mentioned , the straps are cheap and do n't do much to hold it in place . After a few months it just stopped working . Tried it in my other car -LRB- which has seat warmers -RRB- and it still did n't work . It seemed like such a simple device that I was annoyed that something still broke . When it did work though I was always scared of leaving it on and running my battery dead . Not really a fault of it so much but something to think about.When it worked , it was great . High actually would get too hot most of the time . For the price , I guess I should think of it as a disposable model , good for one winter only . If I were to buy a new one I would look to upgrade to a better model .
 Bought two of thses Wagan 9738 heated set cusions . All advertising including advertising on outside of package received indicates that it has a high low off tempeature control . IT DOES N'T HAVE THIS AT ALL ! This item only works 12V . For office or home use you need an additional adapter.I would not buy this item again due to false advertising .
 I purchased two of these . One quit working within two months , the other ones cord broke within 7 months . Wagan Tech offers a one year warranty ... . but getting them to answer emails is tough -LRB- they denied they answered mine even after I showed them the response they sent me -RRB- , it costs more to have them warranty it than it costs new . I would recommend staying away from this product , for me it was a waste of money .
 I have now owned three Wagan seat-heaters , and this was the first I bought . This one does have a hi/lo/off switch and is warm , but the material is very flimsy -LRB- rips easily , kind of a foam-like material -RRB- and the straps to hold this to the seat are worthless . Also , the cord separated from the seat with normal use . I got about five months of use from this . For comparison , I have also hadWagan IN2282 Black 12V Faux Leather Deluxe Heated Seat Cushionwhich is better design in terms of durability of material . That one lasted me the whole season , but was dead this fall after closet storage for the summer . I just boughtWagan IN9738-5 12V Heated Seat Cushion with Enhanced Durability and 3-Way Temperature Control Switchwhich seems to have durable material , much better straps , and has a 3-way switch .
 Wires broke in the winter cold , made the wires britel . it did n't even last on winter . it broke within a month
 If you do n't sit on it , or plug it in , it will last forever . However , if you use it , it may crap out in a matter of minutes or days . Trying to find a quality heated cushion is nearly impossible , and this product is no exception . Some have had luck with it , alas I did not .
 The heater worked great , but only for about 4 weeks during which time it was used daily for a 1 hour commute to work . Then it stopped heating . I called the manufacturer and they offered to replace it but only if I returned the original . I decided that the cost and aggravation of packing and shipping were not worth it . Hope my case was the exception not the rule .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . This morning he turned it on and it was n't heating . Suddenly it very hot and smelled hot . He is lucky he wasn ; t burned . I would not recommend this to anyone !! It lasted TWO WEEKS !!!
 This heated seat cover stopped working after I very gently used just a few times . After it stops working they will tell you that they will only do a partial refund and that you must pay for shipping . This makes no financial sense , so its going straight into the garbage . Something tells me that , by the quality of it , this may be a fairly common experience .
 The first of 2 of seat heaters we purchased failed in less than 3 weeks . The second one has now failed at the start of the second winter . The first was replaced free of charge . I have not asked -LRB- yet -RRB- for the second to be replaced but it is nearly a year old . I rate them `` not reliable '' . They are nice when they work.Wagan IN9738 Black 12V Heated Seat CushionI see there are `` enhanced durability '' units now available -LRB- no wonder -RRB- but I am skeptical .
 Worked great for about 3 weeks until the low heat mode stopped working . Than about 2 weeks after that the high heat mode stopped working .
 I have been using this product in the winter successfully since purchase in 2007 . This week , I left my car running for a few minutes as it was very cold , came back to the car , and black smoke poured out ! The seat heater must have developed a short and burned a 4 inch hole in the seat . It worked great for two winter seasons , but I suspect the ` bunching up ' problem as mentioned in other reviews caused this failure . I now have to get the smoke smell out of the car and have the seat repaired . Was a great product as it kept me warm , but this mechanical failure was almost disastrous . A few more minutes and my car may have been completely ruined . Be careful , do not let it bunch up or it could short .
 I 've bought two of these items . One lasted two -LRB- 2 -RRB- months ; the other lasted one -LRB- 1 -RRB- months . Moreover , the straps broke easy . Buyer Beware !
 I bought the Heated Seat Cushion because my cars heater broke and I could n't afford to get that fixed right away . I deliver newspapers in the early morning and here in Nevada we were still getting down to freezing or colder . This product worked great for almost 2 weeks and then one morning it just did n't work . My car heater is fixed now though ...
 After only using it for a couple of days the elastic straps started breaking so the seat its a little inconvenient to get in and out of the care . The heater works well for now which is what I bought it for so i can live with it.I have learned from experience with these heaters , that the coils are not very forgiving , if they bend the wrong way they break and bye-bye heat so I have to be especially careful now when I get in and out because it tends to get wrinkled up under and behind you.If I had to do it again I would buy a different brand .
 I bought TWO of these heated seats . Iowa winter is cold . After one day in use one had already died ... no heat at all . Sent it back and immediately got a replacement -LRB- which was great Amazon service ! -RRB- . After about 2 weeks the replacement has now ALSO died ! I will not buy again and wo n't recommend ! Now I wonder when the other one will quit working too ! If I could , I would grade these a NEGATIVE star rating !
 You would think I might have learned . In 2008 I purchased this item -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- and it worked fine for 32 days . Then it stopped working . But for 32 days we had warm seats on a cold Minnesota winter morning . Unable to return the item.In December 2009 I purchased another one from Amazon . It worked until February 6th -LRB- 42 days -RRB- and stopped working . Unable to return it . The power cord insulation cracked . I purchased a new cigarette lighter plug and cut the cord off above the crack - replacing the power connector . Still would n't work . Fuses are good . So something in the heating element has apparently broken.Does Wagan think they are building a durable product ? My response is - definitely not . Why not charge $ 50 for it and make something that will work for more than a few weeks?I hope Amazon will take heed and stop selling these kinds of disappointing products.Definitley NOT recommended . I wo n't be purchasing one of these again.UPDATE
 I bought this heated seat cushion due to some of the good reviews , but I should have listened to the ones that say DO NOT BUY . It worked good for fourty days then I plugged it in one morning and ... Nothing . Save your money and do n't buy this !!! Good luck .
 The title says it all . And , it 's been just long enough that the return window has expired so stuck with a bad purchase . Do n't buy this product .
 I was really surprised by this seat heater ! Cheap and works well -LRB- for about a week ... see UPDATE below -RRB- ... on below zero days it takes a while to heat up but still it is so much better than my plain cloth seats in my Wrangler . My only caveat is that the wiring seems rather chabby . I already had to return one -LRB- Amazon is great for this ... even pays for the shipping back -RRB- for the wiring coming loose . So pay your twenty bucks ... and be careful not to tug on the cord . Oh , one more hint ... YOU MUST UNPLUG ONCE THE CAR STOPS ... found this out the hard way so now I wind the cord around my leg so there is no chance I 'll forget to unflug my butt warmer ! UPDATE
 I was excited to get this for my BF , so was he , but after a month of use it no longer works ! What a waste of money : -LRB-
 Awesome at first ... heated up quickly and kept the `` Mrs '' happy while she drove her truck to and from work , then it burned out and I had to throw it away . I went from hero to zero in less than two weeks . Not recommended .
 I purchased the Wagan 12V Heated Seat Cushion and it quit working within the first two months . I probably used it 10 days !
 could not wait for my item to arrive after I placed my order after reading reviews . . !! mine does not even warm up after 20 min of plugging in ... returning it now , maybe I was unlucky with a bad piece , taking the pain to add a review which I usually do n't ...
 This seat cushion worked fine last winter . However , when I took it out of storage this year to reinstall it , it did n't work at all . I also agree with other reviewers that the fastening straps are cheap and do n't do much of a job of holding it in place . I only paid about $ 20 for it , though , so it 's cheaper than having heated seats factory-installed , even if you have to buy a new one every year .
 The product warmed up really well , but the straps did not hold snugly against leather seats , nor did the product itself.It will probably work better on cloth seats , since they do n't slip as much.The product also tended to fold or ripple in the seat area , so my wife was constantly having to adjust it .
 As mentioned , the heat comes on fast and the thin pad easily conforms to the seat . But , it worked only intermittently after one month and stopped completely after 2 months . Also , the pad bunches up , so you must re-arrange after each use . However , it costs under $ 20 . Even if I buy a new one each year , it 's still cheaper than what the auto manufacturer 's provide .
 The price was right and the seat heated up . On the down side , the elastric straps slipped down and broke . The back of the seat wrinkled up and slid down to the bottom . I used this on leather seats , but perhaps it would have worked better on cloth seats .
 This piece of junk stopped working after about 3 weeks . The straps are cheap too . Two of them broke on me . I do not recommend buying this piece of crap . Save your hard earned money .
 The Wagan Heated Seat Cushion is a total ripoff . I purchased two of them ; one for myself and one for a gift . Both quit working within two weeks . I would not recommend you purchase this item . When I tried to get support , I was put on terminal hold .
 I bought this product for my wife for Christmas and it did not even last 3 weeks . I would like to know how to go about getting a replacement or refund . Thank you .
 Worked fine for about a month and then the plug melted in the power outlet . Useless now .
 Shipped my SUV from Hawaii to upstate NY and so it did not have seat warmers . I purchased this and was able to use it after my truck arrived in March 2011 . -LRB- about 30 days -RRB- It just started getting cold again and it work for 2 days then stopped working . For me that 's the biggest issue . I can deal with the fact it doesnt stay put and slides around . Now I am informed I had to refund it within 30 days of purchase . Do n't waste your money .
 This was great while it worked , got nice and toasty this past winter . With that being said , it stopped working after about a month . I guess this is another situation where you get what you paid for . I wo n't be buying another after seeing the comments of the units burning holes in seats , Yikes !
 The price is right and the seat is nice and warm , but the seat stopped working after two months . I had seen that another reviewer wrote the same thing , but I decided to take my chances . I lost . Amazon has a one month return policy .
 The seat cushion is dangerous , as it malfunctioned after only two weeks of intermittend use and correct installaton . It burned my wife 's back , my fingers and burned a hole in my car seat .
 Y' know , I wonder if products like this ever get field tested !? The crappy straps broke almost instantly and I was prepared to accept that rather than deal with going through the hassle of returning it . Now one of my units stopped working completely.Even if the company comes through with an equitable returns policy , I 'm leaving this feedback as is because it 's a fair reflection of the quality of it .
 I have purchased 4 of these in 3 years ... I live in the Pacific NW -- cold , damp in winter ... This seat warmer is GREAT when it works ... Each of mine have died within 3 months . I called the company on the last 2 and they did replace them , but one of the replacements has already died -LRB- 2 mos -RRB- . I do a 6 mile commute daily ... I 'm the only one that owns the car ... basic use . The company warns to unplug seatpad before starting the car -- burst of electricity can blow the fuse -- but still , they seem to die . That said , they are cheap to buy and if they get me thru each winter with warm buns and not shivering to death in my 6-mile commute before the car heats up ... it 's worth it . Part of my winter expenses ... . Good luck .
 Updated 11/22/11 : I just looked at my order history to confirm this - I have purchased 5 of these in 4 years . They generally last 2-4 months . I feel guilty throwing them in the garbage so I 've started trying to find new uses for the dead ones -LRB- dog bed , door mat -RRB- . As long as you 're okay with this being a purely disposable item , it does its job . But thinking about all of these that are out in landfills makes me sick . I wish someone would make a durable alternative . The environmentalist in me has won and this winter I 'm going to endure without .
 Pros - This product heats up fast all over and provides plenty of heat and has a small price tag.Cons - It does not have a high back and being 6 ft tall , it occasionally shifted down a little & the top edge was uncomfortable under my shouldblades . It only lasted 4 months . Having a weak back , I tend to squirm and the shoulderblade issue made me shift more . I 'm also 115 lbs which adds more force on the wires . Being an engineer , I found the broken wire and repaired it only to have it fail 2 weeks later . I thought the wire size was extremely small -LRB- have never seen any other brands though -RRB- which would tend to fatique faster with movment.If you 're smaller & do n't squirm , this could last a while for you . I need one that 's more heavy duty .
 Worked well for 5 months - then kaput ! The indicator light still shows it is working , but no heat in the seat now . So sad . I really liked this thing . I will be looking for one of better quality that hopefully comes with a warranty .
 This product worked great for about two months , and then just quit working at all . The heated seats in my Yukon quit working , which is why I bought the Wagan . I figure even if I have to buy a few of these , it 's still better than the $ 400 it would have cost to fix the factory seats . The reviews for the Dr. Scholl 's heated seats do n't have any comments about them breaking , so I 'll try those next .
 I received this as a gift and it quit working within 30 days . I contacted the company for a replacement and although they agreed to a replacement under their 1 year warranty , I had to pay close to 50 % of the cost of this thing to ship it back . I do n't understand why I am made to pay to ship it back if they sold a defective product ! At this point in time , it has been between 3 & 4 weeks since I sent it back and have not heard a word from the company on my replacement . I honestly have no faith the new one will work more than a month or two either.Stay away from this product and this company . The heater is garbage , the company does n't fully stand behind the item as they make you pay to ship it back when it will break and their communication is non-existent . Look elsewhere and for something of better quality . I guess you get what you pay for with this product .
 Did n't realize this is rated for only 3amps . Want to use with a heated seat cushion that needs 6 amps by itself plus an XM radio so had to get an adapter rated for 10 amps.Maxell Universal DC Car Adapter -LRB- AUTO DC-2 -RRB-
 Heated seat cover does n't get very warm and the wires are thin and fragile .
 Ordered heated cushion online , Amazon charged my card , then about a week later , Midway -LRB- company who actually sells the product -RRB- emails to say they are canceling my order . They stated , `` Unfortunately , the item you wish to purchase , Wagan IN9738 12V Heated Seat Cushion , DNH-9738 , is not available and we are unable to fulfill your order . '' I do n't understand why they would continue to sell it on Amazon.com when they do not have the item nor will they ever be able to get the item . Thanks for wasting my time ! Never ordering from them again !
 The seat cushion I bought from Amazon before Christmas 2009 stopped working after one month , just soon after the return window expired . Now I read more other buyers ' complaints , I realized this thing could malfunction and could become fire hazard . DO NOT purchase online since you 'll waste your money for sure and ca n't return .
 I got this seat for my husband for Christmas and three weeks later it does not work . He even did n't use it every day and he is not heavy so weight should not have been a factor .
 Last year I bought this product . It quit working after one month - January in Minnesota ! Returned it promptly but by the time they sent me a new one it was April and I did n't need it . Put the new one in my car in December and here I am in January with a seat cushion that quit working . Would not recommend this to anyone !!
 I purchased this heated seat cushion as a gift for my husband . He used it for about two weeks in his work truck and felt a little too much heat . He pulled over and the cushion was smoldering and had burned a hole in his truck seat . The elements burned through the cushion fabric . Beware , maybe spend a little more and get a little better quality .
 Do n't waste your money . I received this item Jan 3 , 09 , it quit working Feb 13 , 09 . To late to return item , contacted company and no response . So its a waste of money , since it does not heat up any more .
 I recently bought a second seat heater because the first one I got worked well , but then stopped working . The instant heat is great on the really cold mornings . The price is good . Hopefully this time it will work more than the 2-3 months of use that we got out of the first one . The item has a few drawbacks besides , like cheap straps and fasteners , but is what you would expect for the price . Update
 I ordered one on December 16 , 2008 . While it worked , it worked fine . As of February 12 , 2009 , it quit working altogether -- no more warmth at all , even on low . And I did n't even use it every day during those 2 months -- maybe a total 10-14 times . Certainly not worth buying , even at such a low price.It also never stayed in place -- the straps that went over the seat back slipped all over the place , and the two straps on the front of the cushion bottom never reached anything on the seat to secure them to .
 I bought 2 of these for Christmas 2008 , one for me and one for my girlfriend . Mine got very little use and hers got regular daily use . Both quit working after about 45 days . Worked great during that time , but cheap manufacturing prevents this item from getting anything but the lowest possible rating . Not at all durable and not in the least bit recommended as a result .
 Just does n't heat up anymore . Good for the manufacturer though , they made it past the 30-day return window ...
 Plug burned out within one month even though directions were followed to the letter . Absolute waste of money .
 Worked perfect for a little over a year - even better than the heated seat that I had in my prior Subaru - within 30 seconds my seat and back are toasty warm - HOWEVER , it failed in just over a year -LRB- one year warranty period -RRB- , even though it was carefully stored and handled -LRB- I have no children , etc -RRB- . E-mailed Wagan customer service , who did not reply to the first e-mail . After their initial reply which was in respone to the fact that I would post on Amazon they responded andwould not replace and said that would send a part . When I asked them how I could replace this part myself , they never responded back to me , nor sent the part . Shame on this company . Very poor customer support .
 This thing only lasted about 5 hours , or about 2.5 trips to work . It really only had one heat setting , which was fine if it would have just worked . Also , the straps that hold it to your seat are cheap and would clearly break after a few more uses - again , fine IF IT WOULD HAVE JUST WORKED !
 I purchased one and it stopped working after two months . I purchased another and did n't last a month . Sent back for a refund . Great idea . Terrible product .
 I would give this item 4 or even 5 stars if it works . It 's really helpful and comfortable when it works . Unfortunately , it failed just after I used this cushion about 12-15 times for less then 1 month . BTW , this is my third purchase - initially two years ago I bought two cushions for my wife and me and after 2 seasons and the very lightly usage one of them stopped working . Assuming it 's just bad luck or occasion , I ordered one more - and will never buy again . 67 % failure rate looks too much . Now it 's too late for the return and anyway I 'd have to pay shipping fee . Shameful quality and waste of money ... Do not buy it !
 My seat warmer lasted for just over a month . But it was great while it lasted ! Having the seat heat up really made a difference in my comfort level . -LRB- And up in Wisconsin , we get some chilly winter days ! -RRB- The elastic strap holder thingee snapped off right away , so I had to pull the unit up back into position every time I sat in the seat . The wires inside of the unit are thin and fragile , and the unit just could n't deal with that kind of repetitive motion.After it stopped working , I took it apart to see exactly what happened . Sure enough , right at the top , where I would grab it an pull it back up on the seat , there was a break in the thin wire.Maybe if I 'd been gentler with it , it would have lasted longer . It worked great , while it worked ! I miss it , but I 'm hesitant to buy another one because it really is a fragile thing . I think if I get a new one , I will buy a cheap foam sleeping bag pad from Walmart , and attach the warmer to that , instead of trying to attach it to the seat . I think the firm foam might give it enough structure so that it would n't sag and I would n't have to reposition it every time I sat down.Good luck ! Enjoy the toasty warmth , and be gentle with your seat warmer !
 AVOID THIS ITEM : During the time it works -LRB- if it does at all -RRB- it works very well . The first one I purchased lasted for 2 1/2 MN winters , not at all near as long as it should have but long enough to convince me to purchase another when I was unable to find any other suitable replacement.The second one I purchased lasted less than 3 weeks.BE AWARE OF REFUND REQUIREMENTS : Amazon only provides refunds within 1 month of purchase.If you do not time the return accordingly , or your cushion fails two days after the deadline , you will be given only a partial refund or no refund at all - REGARDLESS OF THE FACT THAT YOU WERE SOLD A DEFECTIVE ITEM .
 It worked well for about 4 months , then the straps on the seat back portion ripped . Couple days later , it died . Now it is a doggy bed in the back seat of the truck . Luckily , it was much cheaper than most doggy beds !
 i bought this for my wife as a gift . The heat was very good it get hot very fast in winter , but the construction of this product is terrible . The straps ripped off the cushion in less then a week . So it does not last very long at all .
 I liked the idea of the heated seat . This particular one worked great for about 3 weeks . It really heated my rear and lower back on those very cold days . However in the last week or so I noticed everyday that the heat output was getting weaker and weaker and as of this writing is now inoperable .
 The power plug for the heated seat came apart within the first month I have had this product and is useless now . I am very dissatisfied with the quality of this product .
 Did n't last a month in my car . To flimsy , sure was hoping for a better product . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I purchased this same seat warmer last year , it lasted a week . I called to return it and that went no where . It was directly from Sears last year . This year 's model is the same . It has a faulty switch and wo n't work on high . It worked well for about 3 weeks . I am not at all impressed .
 This seat is truly junk ! I read the reviews and thought , for the price I 'd at least give it a try ... besides , what is the chance that the new one they send me will be defective ? It died within weeks . . Not worth paying the shipping . Absolutely worthless !
 I bought one of these in Dec-2009 via Amazon and I used it for 3 months in each of the past two winters , but this year it has completely stopped working . No heating at all . I suspect they can easily develop breaks in their small wiring and that results in shorting them out .
 One of the straps that fits around my seat broke the first day . And I have small seats in my Prius -LRB- I wish my 2007 model year had a heated seat option for the leather -RRB- . Gets bunched up easily and does not stay in place . Worst of all - stopped working for no apparent reason after only three weeks . No way to exchange or anything . I will have to buy another brand so I do n't freeze my a ** off .
 Initially I loved this product . However , it just stopped working and I had barely used it for one month . Just as we are approaching the coldest part of our winter in SE Pennsylvania . I would NOT recommend this product .
 thanks to amazon for having this as a special deal around black friday - great price ! i 've always wanted a butt-warmer for my car , and now i have one -LRB- without having to get an expensive luxury car ! -RRB- ! it heats up very quickly and it 's been great to have so far this winter . however , the seat is not very secure due to the quality of the straps . the ones for the back are simply elastic bands , so they squish my car seat 's back and they are already starting to fray -LRB- and i suspect one winter the elastic will just break -RRB- . if i were to re-invent those , i 'd use velcro so the straps can adjust to different widths . and the straps with the plastic clips for under the seat are problematic as well . the clips are so tiny , they ca n't grab on to much . i bet i will need to replace them with larger clips eventually . but the heated cushion part does the job well so overall i am pretty happy with this purchase .12 / 10
 This unit is junk ! Got it as a gift I installed it Christmas day , it made two and a half trips to work then just quit working , that is about 5 hours sevice before failure . NOT GOODCost more to ship back for replacement than it 's worth . I would not recommend to my worst enemy !
 I bought two of these ... One for my wife and one for me . My wife 's connector at the lighter melted in the car . I attributed this to a defective connecter . Amazon refunded the $ $ . A few days later and now mine does n't heat at all . The lighter plug indicator light is on but no heat . I can understand one bad but both ? I give it two thumbs down .
 UPDATE
 Bought this product back in September because it was on sale . Got two of them so I can save on the shipping . Got it promptly . Tried it and it was awesome . I thought I was in heaven . My back loved it and I thought this will be the best thing once winter comes.Well , it 's now December and it 's below freezing in the morning . Plugged it in . Light comes on but no heat . When I tried the product , heat was instant ... within seconds . Took a look around to see if there 's any tears or cord pulled out . Looks as perfect as the day I got it except that it no longer heats up . I 've read reviews saying it does n't last past one winter which would 've been fine with me and I could just buy another for next winter . I did n't event get to use this other than that day that I tried it . I ca n't return it because it 's way past the return window.Oh well . Lesson learned . Do NOT leave in car seat where it can get damaged BEFORE winter arrives . Will I buy it again ? I 'm debating . It 's a great product WHEN it works . Perhaps I should look around and see if there are other manufacturers .
 Wagan IN2282 Black 12V Faux LeatherDeluxeHeated Seat Cushion was not as confortable as others own ! I live in mn so one of this was useful since own a car with out heated seats on leather ! Its not permanent cushin
 I actually returned this because it did not have an off on switch . I was afraid of forgetting to unplug it and walking out after work to a dead car
 Bought this hoping it would at least last one winter . It only worked for about a month and then quit heating . Needless to say I am not a happy customer .
 Sorry but this seat is garbage . Everything about it is cheap and flimsy , but worst of all it does not heat up!You get what you pay for - but learn from me , do n't wast you $ $ $ on this one !
 I have a Lexus IS 250 with leather seats and unfortunately the Dealer I go to does n't carry seat covers for my car , but i needed something because the coldness and hotness of the seats gets on my nerves . I bought these covers because in the pictures they appeared to have looked a bit more classy than what I saw in Pep Boys or Auto Zone . But in reality , these seat covers are in the same category as the ones in those stores . Gosh , I should have sent these poor excuse for a seat cover back when i had the chance because they suck to put it lightly . The people writing the outstanding and five star reviews here must all work for the company or get paid to write the reviews because these seat covers are for the birds -LRB- literally -RRB- . It took me forever to get the awkward hook in between the crevice of my seat in an attempt to get the seat cover to stay on and in place on the seat and the directions -LRB- or I 'm sorry there were no directions -RRB- . Unfortunately after all that hard work of contorting my body in wacky ways to fix the stupid thing , the damn seat cover still slides , glides , slips and moves as soon as you sit on the seat . You 'll have to keep tugging at it to get it to stay in one place.It will not stay in place because it 's flimsy and the design of the seat cushion is just not made for a car -LRB- at least not mine -RRB- . it looks tacky and cheap in my car . Whenever I get my car detailed I take it off so I wo n't be embarrassed by the retarded looking seat cover just hanging on my seat . I use this thing now to lay flat on benches whenever I go to my daughter 's games because just last month , the stupid string that goes under the seat to supposedly keep it secure just snapped on me . Also , if you plug in the seat heater , it only works when it wants to and the wires are bulky and they get in the way and it makes your car look like someone tried to hotwire it with the wiring hanging all over the place . What a waste of money . I could have gone to Walmart and just bought a five dollar seat cushion if I wanted a low quality product like this ... Two stars was a stretch for me ... The only good thing I have to say about these seat covers is that the fabric does feel nice and it repels stains . If you buy it , you 'll just have to figure how you 're gon na get it to stay in place under your butt ...
 The heat seat cushion was great for the first 3 days and then stopped working . Very disappointed .
 This product worked well until it failed after just six weeks . It was used an average of twice a day for 20 minutes per use . Disappointing that it failed so quickly .
 This model was the third heated seat cushion I have purchased in three years . The first was a $ 20 - $ 25 Wagan and lasted one full season . It did not work when I plugged it in at the start of season 2 . Season 2 I purchased a $ 60 seat cover from another manufacturer , hoping that more cash = more life . It lasted almost one full season , but not quite . Season three was back to Wagan . Anticipating that it would not last , I purchased the cheapest Wagan model , the IN2282 . In keeping with its model number , it lasted 2 months . This year will be season 4 . I will purchase the Wagan IN9738-5 in the hopes that by returning to spending $ 25 I will have a warm Maine butt through spring .
 I purchased this for my husband for Christmas and it stopped working already ! I do n't think he even got a month of use out of it . Do n't waste your money .
 We ordered the item in September 2009 and it broke in Feb. 2011 . I only used in winter when it 's really cold , so the total use of it is about 4 months . The red light is still on but the seat is not heated any more . Since it 's over 30 days and we ca n't return it so I 'm really disappointment for this product .
 It 's alright . I wish it would heat up faster . However , even when it is n't heating at all , the material feels warmer to my bum on a cold morning than the actual car seat , so there 's a plus . I hate how poorly it stays in place . It should have a rubberized or sticky backside so I would n't have to battle each time I get into the car to avoid it sliding over . Yes it has straps , but they are weak .
 I got it about 2 month ago . It just stopped heating . I do not know if it is just my unit or it s general trend .
 WE needed it for daily use . Worked great a few times , thought it was great . Then stopped working . This is the third one we tried and same thing happened . never again !
 I used this product last winter , and liked it very much . This year , it no longer works . Do n't buy it .
 price was cheap and got what I paid for !!!! Lasted 1 month and stoped working.will not order from them again !!! richard
 Was super excited about getting this and in Less than a month the item stopped working ! Super upset !!!!! :-LRB- definitely not worth it .
 This did n't fit my van very well and the elastic strap would n't fit around the seat to hold it in place so it was really uncomfortable to use . Also if you do n't remember to unplug it you will drain your battery . I quit using it . It 's not worth the headache .
 This product is a great idea ! I purchased one and liked it so much I purchased another for a friend . They both died shortly after placed in use ! Too bad . Will definite look for a better quality similar item . Wanted to rate -0 - stars , but the review program would n't accept no stars .
 The product did not work !!!! Target wrote on the receipt that I could return it their , but after an hour of dealing with customer service they said amazon had to deal with . The customer service agents at amazon said it was targets proble !!!! I got stuck in a catch 22 for quite some time and I am still waiting for the matter to be fully resolved . Very aggravating !!!
 I give this item 0 stars . We have ordered and replaced this item 3 different times and each time it quit working after 3 to 4 weeks .
 elastic straps pulled out of the stitching , 2 places on the first day . Im holding it in place with bungi cords .
 I bought this as a present for a friend and it worked great for about a week then it stopped working .
 This product was easily assembled . It seemed very sturdy . Because I have my spare tire on the rear door of my Jeep Liberty , the folding mechanism is useless to me unless I take off the spare , -LRB- not going to happen -RRB- . Also , because of the spare , I have to use the folding mechanism in order for my cargo , of more than 18 '' in height , to clear the spare . The product discription tells of a 500lb . evenly distributed weight capacity . I had 15 - 30lb . bags of lava rock , -LRB- totalling 450lbs . -RRB- , on the cargo carier and strapped down with the cargo net , which I purchased after I received the carrier and saw that the rails shown in the picture are an option . I had 8 miles to travel to get this load to my home . One mile from my home , the carrier was dragging the ground . I pulled over to see that the tounge was bent . I drove the final mile at 5MPH to get home without too much damage.I had to bend it back into place and reinforce it before I could use it again . NOW , it 's perfect !
 I bought this for a long trip with my family but was extremely disapponted to find that it did not fit my Torrent 's hitch despite the advise of the seller 's parts service person . Since I was in a bind for time , I bought an attachment that would allow this carrier to fit my hitch but 100 miles into the trip the hitch was scrapping the ground since the adaptor made the hitch sit way too far back from the car . I had not put much weight on it yet it was not the right thing for my car . If you have a Pontiac Torrent do not buy this item as it will not fit your 2 ' hitch .
 We bought the Lund Folding Cargo Carrier in December 2009 . We took it on several trips carrying mostly luggage but really wanted it to attach to the back of our travel trailer . We took it on a long camping trip -LRB- 2 months -RRB- during the summer of 2010 . It did not fare well . Midway through the trip , we noticed several bolts and nuts were working lose . I had properly tightened them but we replaced both the nuts and the washers . That problem solved . By the end of the trip , the hitch shank began to bend . It was like it was moving up and down within the hitch mount . The shank metal appears to be too thin for the minimal amount of weight on the carrier . At no point had the weight on the carrier exceeded 250 lbs . Overall not a good long term investment .
 The Manufacturer grossly overstates the carrying capacity of this carrier . I had approximately 250 lbs on the carrier and bent the main support tube . If used as a light weight carrier , it is OK . Also , the manufacturer will not stand behind their product and replace under-designed parts . The manufacturer 's picture depicts OPTIONAL side rails that are not included . .
 I know the bumper sticker writer was trying to be funny . And yes , even I , a vegan , understand the humor -- the popularity of the `` tastes like chicken '' expression , the sudden `` plot twist '' yada yada . And I know the driver of the vehicle in front of me displaying this sticker probably does n't really eat cats and is just joking.But when you get to know cats , you discover that they are kind , loving creatures with feelings . The idea of joking about eating them is just unfathomable . And if for some reason you do n't like cats and are considering purchasing this sticker , please consider -LRB- 1 -RRB- This sticker is insensitive to cat lovers , -LRB- 2 -RRB- Cats feel pain , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- If you 'd like to reduce the number of cats in the world , consider donating what you would have spent on this sticker to a spay and neuter clinic .
 I bought this about a year and a half ago in addition to the EBC Brake rotor that matched my rear . So that was 4 EBC Rotors . I chose them because they had decent reviews other places and chose to just bite the bullet . within a few months the rotors were warped because I paired them with some ceramic pads . When I went to get an alignment for my car and opted for a free brake inspection , the guys told me that there was a hairline crack in the rotor which accounted for the vibration during braking . I emailed EBC and they just assumed I did n't install them correctly and had to do a `` brake lathe '' . I 'm switching back to Brembos and OEM ceramic pads very soon . These were a big waste of money .
 Amazons car fit info is not acurate enough . This item is for Hatchback only will not fit other styles . I found out the hard way I own a coupe and my return has expired by the time I went to put them on the car .
 I was hoping to find a product description which listed the width of the hooks . I gambled and purchased anyways . Big mistake ! The bars on the Thule MOAB are a much larger diameter so I had to stretch the netting to latch on to other places . The hooks would randomly un-hook at the most inconvenient time during our trip and really became a pain in the butt !! If you are using this with one of Thule 's or Yakima 's heavy duty style racks look elsewhere .
 This bag was junk on a 2001 4Runner . The poor fit made it hard to secure and even more difficult to load and unload . I realize it is n't made for all vehicles but I purchased mine only after speaking with Lund , who confirmed the bag would work on my vehicle . Spend the extra money and buy a hard shell unit with adjustable hardware . Great service from Amazon , terrible service from Lund .
 The product is advertised as being a durable , long distance carrier but on the first trip I used the carrier , the bottom tore off and the carrier flung wildy against the side of my car until I could safely exit the highway . I wll be seeking a full refund and reparation for the damage done to my new car .
 I purchased this bag after reading a couple reviews that said people had no problem using this bag without a rack . That 's exactly what I was looking for , a bag that could be used without a rack . I followed the instructions and put the clips on my car . The clips were n't exactly flush against the car door , but there was nothing on the instructions clarifying how flush they should be . Plus , it did n't feel like they were going anywhere . So , I thought this must be normal . I 'd never put anything on the roof of any car before.I did one test run with the bag strapped to the roof at about 50 mph with no problem . One day later , got on the turnpike and the bag flew off while doing 65mph on the turnpike . By some absoulte miracle , the bag landed in the shoulder and did n't cause an accident or worse . The rooftop bag gods were watching over me that day.I 'm giving this 2 stars instead of zero for a couple reasons . First , strictly speaking as a bag , it seemed like it would work fine if securely attached to a roof rack . Second , I 'm willing to admit that maybe I did n't attach the clips properly or maybe they just do n't fit my car correctly -LRB- Honda Civic -RRB- . But , if so , the directions certainly were n't very helpful in instructing how to secure correctly w/o a rack .
 After all the positive reviews I had such high hopes for this bag . We used it to go from Ohio to Florida and back on top of my mini van . We paid attention to how it was attached and the zipper placement . The bag came apart at the seam on top in the front under the pressure of the wind . We arrived and all our stuff was wet . There was a football size hole where the seam had just split . I 'm glad our stuff did n't end up all over the road , Had it torn further that would have been a real possibility . I looked over the bag before we used it and did n't see and defects so I really am not sure why it failed but it did so user beware .
 This bag held up good however it is not at all waterproof we had to dry all our clothes when we arrived atOur destination
 I 'm rating this two stars , one star for the trip down to Florida from Illinois , and one star for the trip back . It started out waterproof , but by the time we got back home , you could see that the fabric was starting to deteriorate and you could easily see light through the spots where there was a lot of wear.It might work better for shorter trips , or maybe needs a more rigid tote inside . We had two smaller luggages that were well within any sort of weight constraints.It did stay on very well and hardly moved during the entire duration of the trip traveling at highway speeds .
 has felt bottom to protect car roof which was nice . easily and securely straps to luggage rack . Had a little rain on the trip and it was dry on the inside . However , the bag developed multiple small tears in several areas after one two day trip , so Im returning it for a refund . Will try a different product if I ever need a roof carrier again .
 The strap system on this Roof Top Bag is ignorant and useless . The coating on the end points to stop it from scratching the paint is exactly what caused it to slip right off the roof of my car , slam into my 2012 Malibu trunk lid , causing $ 1200 in damage , fly off the back of my car into oncoming traffic , and then slide to a stop over 300-500 feet destroying EVERY piece of camping gear that was in it . I was devastated , and had to attempt to put all of my gear into my already over stuffed car to continue on my trip . Absolute waste of money . I double checked all the straps and tie downs before we left , and in the end it gave no warning , no shimmy , no vibrations . . nothing . Just went poof off the car .
 I selected this roof top bag as I was in a last minute need before a Christmas trip , was said to be water proof , and did n't seem to have any reported zipper issues like other bags had . I also selected this one because it worked with cars that only had side rails and did n't seem to require the cross rack set up of others . On it 's first use , one of the straps broke , then the zipper broke and we had n't even left the driveway . The bag was eventually secured to the top and we tried to secure it closed and about 10 minutes after getting on the freeway the bag slid along the side rails and the zipper broke further . There were no directions on how to successfully attach the bag or any suggestions to keep it from slipping when using just the side rails on a car . We took it off and tossed in the back of a pickup that was also making the trip . If I had n't already thrown away the packaging , I would have returned it . My friends have a Thule soft sided cargo bag that they 've had a lot of good luck with . In the future , I 'm going to spend a bit more and get a better bag from a better respected brand . I do not recommend this product at all .
 The Lund product , while at a good price , did not perform well at all . The Lund unit does not have sufficient strength and durability in critical areas such as seams , zipper , and zipper over-lap construction . If you need to know that your gear will be protected , you are better off trying a unit made by CarLoc -LRB- purchased at Dick 's Sporting Goods -RRB- , or purchasing a higher-end product such as Thule.DETAILS
 I was doing a multi-state move from Louisiana to California , and the bag ripped just outside San Antonio . It tore along the seams , and in the bag were mostly clothes . However , until then the bag seemed pretty good , and was sturdy.My suggestion is that anyone who purchases this needs to assess how far the bag will be expected to go . This is not a heavy-duty bag , and should n't have much weight packed into it . Luckily I got a full refund on it , and the company handled the return very well .
 The Lund roof top bag made it about 1/3 of the trip . After the halfway point it became another item of baggage in a very tight space . The front seam started unravelling and about a 6 inch hole had developed along the front part of the bag . It was easy to use and attach .
 Purchased this item based on price and reviews . When I received it , it seemed of decent quality and I was initially happy with my purchase . The following weekend , I began my 2 day road trip with this Roof Top Bag on top of my vehicle -LRB- light SUV -RRB- . This product did not survive the first day of my trip . By late afternoon , it was generating a loud noise while at highway speeds . I pulled off at the next exit -LRB- few and far between in west Texas -RRB- to have a look . There is stitching on the front side of the bag -LRB- that faces the on-coming wind -RRB- and it had failed , causing a large tear that went the length of the bag -LRB- side-to-side -RRB- and leaving my luggage exposed to the elements . I did not loose any luggage because of the straps holding everything in place . I did have to pull all of my luggage inside my crowded vehicle which made travel difficult that evening and the whole next day . At my destination , I purchased another topper from Walmart and had no issues on the return journey . I returned this to Amazon and got a refund .
 We purchased this to use on our move back to Chicago from California . We had good weather the whole trip home with just a little bit of drizzle the one day and by the time we made it to Oklahoma it had a big hole in the front corner . We tried to tie it up and tie it down but it kept on blowing back up and tearing more . Not sure if we ended up getting a defective one or if all of them are this poorly made , but it was a huge incovenience . We were forced to jam pack everything it contained inside our SUV that was already full of 2 adults , a baby , and a 50lb dog . We could n't open the doors without stuff falling out .
 I read some good reviews about this bag but I guess I put it through a tough test . Last summer we drove to Florida and ran into an EXTREMELY heavy rainstorm for about 6 hours in SC and GA. . When we got to Disney , all of our clothes , etc in the suitcases and bags were soaking wet . I think the fabric was rain resistant but the zipper let water infiltrate . Lesson learned . I borrowed large garbage bags from room service , wrapped up all the bags , and off we went for the trip home -- problem solved . We hit rain on the drive home and there was water inside the bag but our luggage was dry.The straps look sturdy enough but I added my own straps for added peace of mind . Make sure when you secure the straps that you tie the loose ends securely to something . I did n't do that and they made an awful racket before I retied them.Gas mileage suffers also , which is to be expected when putting something so big with aerodynamics of refrigerator on your roof . It scraped about 4 mpg off my normal average . You can do the math that over the course of a 200 mile trip , I could have afforded a more expensive -LRB- possibly more fuel friendly -RRB- luggage carrier . With gas approaching $ 4/gal , you too may want to consider the same.On the good side , this bag held a heck of a lot of stuff . Not sure we would have all fit in our car without it .
 In our trip we lost the bag and our luggage because of the bad roof anchors , they were too small to support all the weight and force of the wind , since our car did not had a roof rack . Before departing it seems very tight and in less than an hour we were surprised with nothing on our roof .
 Purchased this product and initially everything was fine but then it began to come apart ! It did n't even make it back ! The bag came undone at the zipper thank god that we had the bag stapped downwith extra straps we could have lost it all ! I DO NO RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE !
 We purchased this roof bag to travel from GA -LRB- Atlanta area -RRB- to FL -LRB- FT Myers area -RRB- . The bag started falling apart about mid way through the trip in Tampa . When we got to our final destination our luggage was completely wet from some storms we had to drive through . By the time we drove back home the entire interior of the bag had started deteriorating and I could see sunlight through the bag . When we got home I threw what was left of the bag where it belonged , in the garbage .
 I ordered this after looking over many options . I was somewhat in a rush as we were leaving on our road trip in less than 2 weeks . I was ready to sing this carrier 's praises as it made the 1st leg of our round-trip from Chicago to Pigeon Forge , TN no problem . However , on the way back , about 100 miles from Chicago I stopped for gas . That 's when I discovered the front of the carrier had shredded open . Luckily the straps were still holding strong , I had also put on my own ratchet strap just in case of something like this . Also luckily , it was not raining . It had rained most of the way down to TN , and I will say it kept everything inside dry . It was even raining on our return trip , but the rip must not have happened until later . I ca n't say for sure if it was a defect in the item , or it just took a rock at the wrong angle , but in any event , it failed . I was driving the posted speed limit , which was 70mph , for most of our trip , or less . When I have the extra cash , I will save up for a hard top unit . If you are going on a very small trip , this might do the trick . But it did n't hold up to a 1,100 mile round-trip . Amazon processed my return promptly , so I was very satisfied with the return process .
 We bought this for a trip from Michigan to Florida and then back again.It held everything fine and strapped to the car great , was very happy.No rain or snow so it kept everything great on the way down.When we came home strapped it to the car the same way.When we arrived home there was a huge tear hole -LRB- 6 inch dia . -RRB- in the front of it.There were no signs that anything had rubbed it . It just looks like the material could not handle the long trip .
 When it rains , water is sinking into the inside , and the baggage put in the inside gets wet with this bag .
 This bag ripped along a seam after only 3 hours on the road ! I could see where the puncture holes made by the needle of the sewing machine had run off the material at the seam . If Lund had done some QC I think an inspector would have rejected it.Also the inside plastic lining was all shredded . No more `` Lund '' products for me!Amazon gave me a refund .
 This bag started peeling apart in the inside during our trip - ripped apart so much that we did n't even use it for the ride home.we did n't even let it outside over night and it could not hold up . spend the money and get a higher quality bag !!!
 WARNING . This product advertises itself as useable for cars without a top rack -LRB- it even includes little metal hooks that you can close inside your doors -RRB- , but do n't believe it . They might be fine for driving on residential streets at 30mph , but any faster than that and the hooks will come loose and the entire bag will fly off the roof of your car.We had it happen to us on the freeway ... we even tied the ends of the straps to the handles on the inside of the car for extra peace of mind , but the moment one of those metal clips came loose , the entire bag flew straight off with no warning , and the bag itself ripped clear away from the straps , leaving them attached to the handles on the inside of the car . We feel really lucky that nobody on the freeway got hurt.DO NOT use unless you have a top rack and/or you plan to only drive at low speeds .
 We purchased this carrier for a family trip from Ohio to Florida . It worked well on the way down to Florida . I ca n't write about its rain resistance as it did n't rain during our road travels.Now , on the way back home , it was attached correctly on the roof of our SUV . We made it half way through Georgia when we were flagged by another driver to pull over -LRB- THANK YOU -RRB- . Our luggage carrier was shredded ! The zipper had come apart and the weather protection liner was shredded ! What a mess ! There black shards all over everything . Luckily , there was a Walmart at our exit and I was able to purchase one -LRB- weather resistant , not proof -RRB- there for $ 20.00 . Now we 'll see if we get our refund .
 It made it to Disney and back but tore while getting it down . Not very well made and the stuff inside did get a little wet .
 We thought this was a good size and fit our car nicely . On our second trip , however , the car carrier ripped down the side . Luckily we did n't loose anything . But all of our stuff did get COVERED in black flakes from where the carrier stretched and shredded -LRB- I think on the bottom ? -RRB- . We got this to protect our things and make our car ride more convenient , but instead we got a mess and had to ride the rest of the trip carrying things our our laps !
 The photo on this item is very misleading . The picture shows a ratcheting cargo bar , but the item in question is a telescoping bar . The ratcheting bar would be much better than the telescoping.The bar you receive has preset stop holes , and then you have to screw the feet out from there to adjust the tension . Its not as easy , quick , or secure as a ratcheting bar .7 / 11/2007 - It appears the photo has been updated . I 'm still using the bar , however it has rusted severely . I 'm now in the market for a new one .
 I waited extra time for these custom fit seat covers but when I received they were n't even close to fitting my truck nor anything Dodge has made in the past 30 years . Also the fabric is cheat and already had snags all over it when I took the covers out of the box . Just stay away from this sub par product , you will be much happier . These seat covers do n't come close to the standards I 've come to expect from Amazon .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 the wheel cylinder is just a kit not the hole wheel cylinder like the picture with the bleeder that i need
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 All of the pictures in the product description show a 6 blade impeller . No impeller was included in the sealed parts bag I received , The impeller is the most important part . I will try to return the kit . Ridiculous waste of time and money .
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 I bought this generator from a 3-party seller . Looks beautiful , great specs . Worked for 8 days the first time before needing a minor repair , then 4 weeks , and now is in the shop again for a major repair . As I am not skilled with gas-powered motors , I do n't entirely understand what went wrong . I needed this generator to power an off-grid RV.It works well at low loads , and , yes , is very quiet . I also love that it 's light enough so I can haul it around myself , and lift it -LRB- with a little prayer -RRB- into the back of my SUV.What does n't work : It does n't surge up quickly or perform steadily to any high demand . When running a microwave , the microwave works , but lights flicker-which probably is n't so great for the circuity . I never could get it to run the Air Conditioner , which did in fact run on a 30-amp shore power plug . Hmmm.The noise level , though low , changes steadily -- a little louder , a little softer -- this is a bit annoying for constant background noise . Frankly , it does n't sound happy.Adding oil is a messy process , due to the location of the oil access.My biggest problem , really , is that the person who I need to repair the generator took one look inside it and said `` yuck . '' He said , `` Everything looks cheap . '' The first time he fixed it for $ 70 , and I had it back in two days . This time , it 's going to take two weeks , and cost more like $ 200 . My next generator is a Honda . I have nothing against Chinese-based generators -- but I need a generator to be drop-dead reliable and , if it fails , I need one that any good engine mechanic knows how to fix and one with easy access to reliable parts.When you need a generator , unless you have several , you really need it to work reliably -- because you need it to work when there 's no other option for power . That 's the point . So , if you 're planning on buying this one ... just buy two . Then you 'll have a backup to your backup -- and a full set of spare parts .
 I have recieved 2 generators and STILL do not have a working unit . The first one would NEVER start . Paid a mechanic to look at it no spark . sent it back got 2nd one it runs for 30mins and stops then it wo n't start for hours or must wait overnight then same thing 30mins stops . They say it 's the carburator and sent me one to replace it . But , I 'm not a mechanic and should not have to pay to repair . I also found in the few 30min sessions I had with this generator running the AC on my RV made it sound like it was going to die any minute . I want my money back ! Do n't buy this one buy a Kipor or a Honda . Also Exciting Products made me take my negative feedback off , or they would n't send me a replacement for the 1st one . So I removed my feedback and my camping trip was still ruined due to no working generator . FYI - I gave it a star for rating because zero was NOT an option .
 Some of the reveiews you read here are writen by business owners that sell boily generators . of course they say its a great/5 star rating . I bought 1 of these generators and it was not good by any means , nor was the business in Wisconsin that sold it to me .
 I have actually been trying to return this tank as it is not easy to find a fill up location for this small tank in my area . I havent heard back from the sender ?
 This is not a blower moter for a 1996 Nissan pickup , or if it is it is only half of one . The wiring plug is missing , so there is no way to connect it without cutting into the wiring harness . This is a bad item .
 These wiper blades are excellent at cleaning the glass . They leave a silicon coating behind that allows the rain to sheet off at high speeds . The coating does n't work as well as rain-x . Rain-x starts sheeting around 45-50mph , the piaa wipers coating not until 60 + mph . However , any time you need to use your wipers they leave a white streak across the windshield that does n't disappear for a second or two . At night , the streaking catches all surrounding light and is blinding . It 's like someone flashing their bright lights at you every time the wipers go across the windshield . The silicon residue is a great idea in theory , but in practice they are the WORST WIPERS EVER ! They 're DANGEROUS !
 This refill does not even come close to fitting the existing carrier . I just wasted $ 35.00 on garbage .
 it works , but no more than cheap ones . A cheap blade and rainx would have same effect . After one month blade is already streaking windshield .
 Assembly is very easy however that 's the only nice thing . I only had this on top of my Jeep for 2 months before it started to rust at it 's assembly points . The rust then leaked ontop of my jeep creating havoc on my paint . Will not recommend this unit . Spend the extra money and get something nicer .
 Pro
 Sock did not fit sending unit and it did not come with a gasket I next day aired this and paid all the money just proves you should shop local !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 A little while ago I spotted these markers on here for $ 7.97 a pair . Thought for that price , I might just as well try them ... Well turns out , they were n't even worth that much.I ordered two pairs and out of the four markers , one was completely dead , one would just very faintly stay on and not blink , and the other two -LRB- which I assume were working correctly -RRB- would blink so slowly than if you were to rely on them to see where your driveway ends , you would have to stop and wait for them to light back on . And should I even mention that you have to take them off the PVC pipe that acts as a pole to turn them on , the switch being in the hollow base ? I do n't know if Amazon sold them at such a low price at that time because they were getting rid of a batch of sub-par units , but I would n't even begin to think of chancing it for the price they are selling for now . And not only are they cheaply made , but they look even cheaper . Spend a little more money and buy serious markers ...
 I bought this product to inflate an airbed . The first converter received had a broken piece rattling around inside the case . Amazon sent a replacement that did n't work . I wo n't try again ! Not a quality product . Thanks Amazon for great service !
 As Amazon 's suggested pairing , I ordered this adapter to power a Master Flow MF-1040 Cyclone High Volume Portable Air Compressor . It did n't have enough power to turn over the compressor . I exchanged the it and tried again , same result . This is an adequate product for lighter use , but not for what I needed . Amazon , as always , was great about the return and refund .
 When this item arrived and I could n't get it to work with my compressed air generator , I assumed I had misread the requirements . after reading other reviews , I think that maybe it 's just a bad product . Unfortunately , after I bought this item , it sat in the garage for a while before I used it , so I was unable to return it .
 I pluged it in and it did not work.And i do not know where to send it back to.Plus if i did i would have to pay shipping.My Return label got lost also . -LCB- whitch -RCB- is my fault.B R K.
 I purchased this product and let it sits in my garage for a couple of months . I went to use it this morning and it does n't work . Do n't purchase it . It is a piece of junk .
 About the only thing this power converter is good for is powering a low watt light ! Not even close to the product description !
 I purchased this item to run a small air compressor so that I could air up floats on vacation . I tested the item as soon as I received it and my compressor would not turn on . I was able to get the flashlight on the compressor to come on sometimes . I promptly returned the item for a refund .
 I read some of the bad reviews , but I was convinced the good reviews overturned the bad . I was wrong . I received this unit yesterday and it never worked from the gitgo . I will not make this mistake again . I am now contacting Amazon about returning the unit .
 Cheaply made . I got it , plugged it in , and it burned out . Opened and found a transistor not even screwed in . Save your money . It was n't worth the aggravation of returning it . I used it in my RV . I hard wired a wall socket instead . Works much better , and half the price .
 When we received this item it didn `` t work at all . Had to return to Amazon and ordered a different brand , which worked great .
 THIS THING DID NOT WORK FOR MORE THAN AN HOUR ... . I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ONE . BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK
 I purchased this to run a small 3amp -LRB- half the rated capacity -RRB- pump . The pump runs for short time and then stops . I have unplug this unit from the wall and then plug it back in to get it working again . It then works for a short time and then quits again . I would not recommend that any one purchase this item .
 I purchased this unit to power theKoolatron Compact Kooler , which uses 4.5 amps . I figured since this adapter is rated at 5.8 amps there should be no problem . Well there was a problem . I got no juice from the adapter at all . At first I thought it was an issue with the cooler , but I quickly ruled that out when I was able to get the cooler running while plugged into a 12V outlet in my car.I then thought that maybe the amp rating of 5.8 was exaggerated , so I tried plugging in a standard car phone charger , which also did not work with the adapter . My conclusion ... the adapter is a dud . It seems like after reading some other reviews here , the amp rating of 5.8 may indeed be exaggerated , so I decided to go with another product -LRB- 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter -RRB- . *** UPDATE *** The5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapterworked great right out of the box . My first impression was that it was definitely much heavier than the Sunforce 55520 and it seemed to cool the fridge effortlessly . If you need an AC/DC Power Converter that will power a device upto 5 amps , skip the Sunforce and go with the5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter . You wo n't regret the decision .
 I bought this to use with a Coleman Inflate-All Quick Pump so I could inflate bike tires and other things without having to be near a car . It did not produce enough power to even budge the pump , even though the manufacturer claims it will work with a pump or compressor.Make sure the seller will pay for return postage if you buy this . -LRB- Northern Tool & Equipment did n't . -RRB-
 I ordered this converter and the first one I received did n't work . I have another converter that runs my DC appliances just fine so I know it was n't my appliances . I returned it and requested a replacement . The replacement did n't work either . I would order a different brand .
 Amazon recommended this product for an air compressor that I was buying . It did n't work for the compressor . It would work for a lower amp 'd item , but that was not why I bought it . So buyer beware of what you need this for .
 I bought this adapter so that I could use my portable air compressor in my house . It does not work with my compressor . It is useless to me . Since the time that I wrote the preceeding three sentences , I have found a use for this item . I can use my cell phone 's car charger in the house with it . It came in handy for a friend of mine who lost his regular AC charger . I am changing my rating from one star to two .
 I PLACED ORDER FOR THE SUNFORCE AC/DC POWER CONVERTER , IT CAME IN AND IT WOULD NOT WORK , AMAZON DID SEND A REPLACEMENT AND LABEL SO I COULD SEND THE BAD ONE BACK . WHEN I GOT THE REPLACEMENT IT DID NOT WORK EITHER . I WOULD RATE THIS PRODUCT A ZERO . AMAZON REFUNDED MY MONEY IN FULL . I WILL CONTINUE BUYING THRU AMAZON BUT TRY TO STAY AWAY FROM ANYTHING MADE IN CHINA . I ALWAYS BUY USA UNLESS THERE IS NOTHING AVAILABLE . I DO N'T MIND PAYING MORE IF USA IS AVAILABLE BUT USA MADE PRODUCTS ARE NOT ALWAYS MORE EXPENSIVE BUT ARE MUCH BETTER QUALITYTHANK YOUJERRY FROM TEXAS
 Despite expert advice this Sunforce product is not a powerful enough tool to convert my wife into an AC/DC fan . It does not work . No matter how long I use this tool she , to this day , does not appreciate the classic rock & roll stylings of AC/DC . Classics like Big Balls , and Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap have yet to hit home with her . I 'll have to re-read the instruction manual ... perhaps I 'm using this device incorrectly .
 This item is pointless unless you want your car to sound like i little bird tweeting i was excited when i got it and it wasnt anything like i wanted ... Although it would be good to play a joke on someone with like i think i am going to do it to my sister hahaha ...
 IT DIDNT MAKE A NOISEi THOUGHT IT WOULD WORK BUT IT DIDNT I DO NOT GET HOW THE OTHER PEOPLE GOT IT TO WORK I CAN GET IT TO WORK WITH AN AIR COMMPRESSOR AND A CENTERAL VAC
 Didnt like it , to small to fit properly and altough you can open it up to fit most exhausts , the thing wont stay on and will fall , at lest its very cheap and it shipped fast
 the day i was going to put this on my friends car i went to open it a little bit to fit the exhaust and the middle part fell out . do not purchase
 one time use only . It is not loud and it falls out of the tail pipe easily . not a good product
 Lund products are usually very nice and good accessories for trucks . I ordered this one for my husband as a Christmas present for use in a 2004 Full Size Dodge Pickup with a regular box.When the bar was extended to the right length for the width of our pickup it was flimsy and not very strong . The net was not meant to be utilized with the bar extended this far and was too tight to be used to hold anything.The chrome finish is very nice but hard to grab and hold onto to turn and adjust to remove or place in the box . Somehow I had the vision that there was a lever to release the tension but it was a push in the little buttons and turn type.This bar might work good in a SUV rear cargo compartment - like a Durango or Trail Blazer
 When I first went to assemble the two pieces to make a whole basket , the tubes going from one piece -LRB- male -RRB- into the other -LRB- female -RRB- did not fit . Further investigation showed that the tubing on the female side was bent -LRB- not from shipping -RRB- , and to make it work , I had to spend about 1/2 hour re-opening the tubes.After finally putting the basket together , it came time to mount it on the roof of my 2008 Highlander . Keep in mind , before I bought this rack I contacted the company to inqire whether or not it would fit my car . I was told that yes , it had universal fittings so it would fit all car roof racks.Well it did have universal fittings , but they were so simplistic that I had to spend 1 1/2 days , and trips back and forth to hardware stores , to make it work . The reason , even when the clamps were tightened as tight as they would go , the rack slid back and forth and would not tighten firmly.To make it work -LRB- and I never did get it `` tight '' -RRB- , I had to use a metal cutting saw to cut parts of it away , put jerryrigged blocks between the basket and the crossbar , and tape it tightly to the crossbar.These problems would have been more acceptable if I had paid half as much . I can live with the imperfections in the tubes -LRB- since at this price I did n't expect the quality of a Thule or a Yakima -RRB- , but to have to spend the time and money to make this product safe to travel on my roof at up to 80 miles per hour , is unaccepable.The only way I would recommend this product to anyone is if Lund puts a truly universal clamping system with it that is uncomplicated and easy to understand . Otherwise , be prepared to use extraordinary measures to safely attach it to your roof .
 I purchased a pair of these `` perforated '' gloves because they look slick.Unfortunately , they ripped within two weeks of more than gentle use . The Velcro closure on my right hand has already begun to separate from its stitching , & no longer provides a snug fit around my hand . I emailed the Motorcycle Market on the 22nd regarding the poor quality of the gloves & still have not gotten a response.Essentially , I paid $ 60.80 for gloves that ripped in a week ! -_- I imagined that $ 60 would last me a lot longer than 2 weeks ; apparently I was wrong.I just want my MONEY BACK . - UPDATE
 These gloves fit very well and are comfortable . However , they look better and more durable in the pictures , which is kind of misleading . They are very thin and flimsy , and I do not trust that they 'd hold up in a crash . For shorty gloves they are n't bad though if you only do slow speed in town riding . It 's been 3 months and some of the stitching is sticking up , and I 'm really hoping that it does n't come apart . Honestly , I wish I had paid a bit more and gotten better full gauntlet gloves . If you just want some comfortable gloves , these are it . If you are looking for protection , then keep on looking.edit
 I ordered two of these for my long bed Ford . The first one would not stay tight . It 's like the teeth would slip if you cranked it hard enough for it to hold in place . The second one did n't want to ratchet at all once I got it snug against both sides . Finally I managed to get it to go and lock it down . Then I decided I wanted to move it a bit higher . Now when I went to put it in free slide mode to loosen it it would n't budge . I had to kick it until it bent enough to pull it loose.Great concept but the ratcheting mechanism on this particular one sucks . Find a different one . I am once I return this scrap metal to Amazon .
 I bought this in January 2010 . It was a great bar . Worked for as little as I used it . However , it only made it 2 years 10 months . I will be buying the Hitchmate because it has a lifetime warranty . I wish I did that in the first place . I honestly opened and closed this bar less than 40 times over its lifetime . The ratcheting is what wore out .
 This cargo bar routinely slip out of position . I 've tried using it in various positions and at different amounts of tension but I never know when it 's going to hold and when it 's not . My truck has a bed liner and I suspect that is the reason why but I 'm definitely a little disappointed with it .
 I bought these rotors in Nov 08 , full set front and rear for my 02 F150 4WD truck , I had these on for a few months then began hearing an annoying sound every time I drove slowly and had to apply the brakes -LRB- also installed the recommended green-stuff EBC ceramic pads -RRB- . I decided to take my truck to the brake mechanic after becoming overly - annoyed , only to find out that the front left side rotor had a nice full circular grove about 1/8 '' deep on the inside of it and the pad showed the raised area where the groove was made . I became very disappointed not to mention amazed as was the mechanic at my mis-fortunes for these rotors appeared to be virtually indestructible according to the product specs and the fact that these can not be machined and r not available individually , I am now left with a wasted , useless set of rotors ... well at least I did n't throw the box away ... very very disappointing .
 Bought this same item from Walmart , it did not fit good against my existing Jeep tag mount plus the colors faded bad due to sun exposure .
 I was using these to hold my flashlight in my car , and they broke . Just in the course of usage , not in a car wreck or anything . I was using them to hold the light horizontally , so maybe a vertical position mounted on a wall would work better , but even for that I would rather make something myself than buy these .
